HONG KONG: Former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Paulinho has denied speculation linking him to a move away from the Chinese Super League after his recent impressive performances for Brazil and Guangzhou Evergrande.
The 28-year-old, who joined Evergrande from the English Premier League side in June 2015, signed an extension to his initial contract in January.
But after scoring a hat-trick in Brazil's 4-1 win over Uruguay in World Cup qualifying last month, he has found himself back in the spotlight.
"These transfer rumours are normal in the football industry," he told Chinese media. "My agent must have received inquiries from some European clubs.
"But I like where I am and I have been having good time with my teammates and coaches. I'd like to stay here to win more titles with Evergrande."
Paulinho joined the club on a 14 million euro (US$14.9 million) transfer fee after a disappointing spell in London and has impressed since moving to China.
He helped Evergrande win the Asian Champions League title at the end of his first season while also picking up two Chinese Super League winners medals and Guangzhou also moved to end the speculation over his future.
"Hereby we officially announce that Guangzhou Evergrande has never received an offer for Paulinho," the club said in a statement.
"Paulinho has signed a contract extension with Guangzhou Evergrande in January 2017 and he is a key player in the club's long-term plan."
(US$1 = 0.9396 euros)
(Reporting by Michael Church in Hong Kong, Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
A HOMELESS man has been charged with murder after allegedly gunning down a mother and her daughter in their seaside home.
Craig Savage, 35, of no fixed address, is accused of killing Heather Whitbread, 53 and Michelle Savage, 32 in St Leonards-on-Sea on Friday night. Heather's heavily pregnant daughter Raven, 24 and one of her were taken from the home in shock after the attack. The Whitbreads are originally from Islington, north London, and lived in Wales before moving to East Sussex in 2008.
JAMES BUTLER/EDDIE MITCHELL/ FACEBOOK TRAGIC: Heather Whitbread and Michelle Savage were shot dead on Friday night.
“My thoughts go out to the family, friends and neighbours of Heather and Michelle Whitbread” Local business leader Brett McLean Sussex Police said Savage has been charged with two counts of murder. Savage has also been slapped with a charge robbery charge for stealing a .22 calibre rifle firearm and ammunition from a local sports shop hours before the fatal shootings. He has been remanded in custody to appear at Brighton Magistrates' Court via videolink In a tribute from their family, the mother and daughter were labelled "special, generous and kind".
EDDIE MITCHELL POLICE: St Leonards-on-Sea in East Sussex after the shooting
Their family said: "Heather and Michelle were both beautiful people that filled our family with laughter. "They were both special, generous and kind people who loved life, but most of all their family. "They will both be sorely missed leaving a gap that can never be filled. "We now just wish to be left to grieve in private as a family."
The WORST shootings in history We've collated a round-up of some of the world's worst shootings and massacres in history. 1 / 19 EPA Steve Stephens: Known as the Facebook LIVE killer who filmed himself shooting a 74-year-old man
Getty Images
Buccaneers defensive tackle Gerald McCoy left Sunday's loss to the Lions with an injury and the veteran believes that it is a serious one.
Roy Cummings of Florida Football Insiders reports that McCoy, who had tears in his eyes on his way off the field, believes he tore his biceps in the 24-21 loss. McCoy has suffered the injury twice before during his career.
“It actually happened on the first play of the game,” McCoy said. “[I] just kept playing through the pain but it got to a point where I just couldn't tolerate the pain anymore. I didn't want to be out there playing with one arm. You're not helping your team at that point. Your being selfish. If I had kept playing I would have hurt my team.”
If that diagnosis is confirmed, McCoy would likely miss the final three games of what's already been a disappointing season in Tampa. McCoy has started all 13 games for the Bucs and has 40 tackles and five sacks on the year.
Jamaican Usain Bolt said on Sunday he was sad but also excited to bow out of athletics, adding that his disappointing world campaign in London would not change his career achievements.Bolt brought down the curtain on his glittering career in dramatic fashion when he pulled up with a hamstring cramp halfway through his anchor leg in the 4x100m relay.That meant his final competitive race finished without a medal, Bolt having sealed a bronze in the individual 100m behind American duo Justin Gatlin, who has served two doping bans, and Christian Coleman."It's been a rough couple of days," admitted the 30-year-old."I always tried my best 100 percent all the time and put on a good show."I'm sad to be walking away now."I don't think one championship is going to change what I've done in this sport."Often compared to American boxing great Muhammad Ali by IAAF president Sebastian Coe for not only his sporting prowess but also the charisma and larger-than-life personality he brought off-track, Bolt made the same link in a final press conference Sunday."I remember after losing the 100m, someone said to me: 'Usain, don't worry, Muhammad Ali lost his last fight also so don't be stressed about it'."I've proven myself year in, year out," said the Jamaican, world record holder in the 100 and 200m, winner of eight Olympic golds and 14 world medals since making his debut in Helsinki in 2005 when he finished eighth and last in the 200m final.Bolt insisted that there would be no comeback."No! I've seen too many people return and come back to sport and shame themselves," he said with a wry smile."I won't be one of those people."I am looking forward to being free. It's exciting, I'm happy."My whole life has been track and field since I was 10. All I know is track. I need fun and to relax a little bit."When asked what his legacy would be, Bolt spun a line that will be music to the ears of Coe and all at the IAAF, his potential new employers as both parties seek a mutually satisfying position to incorporate the Bolt brand for the advancement of track and field."Continue trying in anything you do, it's a good message to the kids," he said. "Work hard, stay strong and push on."If you do that, you can be the best you can be. That's a good legacy to leave."Turning to his disappointing 100m outing, Bolt said: "The whole champs has seen bad luck for certain athletes. It has been a surprising championship with lots of shocks."It is just the championships, not to do with me personally. I am always going to leave everything on the track. Everything happens for a reason; I don't know why it happened but it has."And with no mention of newly-crowned 100m champion Gatlin, Bolt signed off with a word on athletes who abuse drugs in sports and what the message to children should be."I have always been strong on doping," he said. "I've said it, athletes should get life bans if you go out of your way to cheat an athlete."The sport is now on the way back up and we have to do everything to keep it in a good light. I've shown that you can do it without doping so that's what I hope the young athletes will take from it."
Bayern Munich host Real Madrid at the Allianz Arena tomorrow night in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final tie.
Real are the favourites to be crowned European champions for a third successive season.
But Nicholas is backing Bayern manager Jupp Heynckes to repeat his 2012/13 feat of guiding the Bundesliga club to a famous treble.
And that starts with Bayern easing to a 3-1 victory in the home leg, according to Nicholas.
Despite a 22-year track record, director Brad Anderson has had what some might consider a stealth career. Outside of indie film circles—where he's carved out an impressive body of work—he's better known by his peers than audiences. And yet, if you're a fan of shows like Boardwalk Empire, Fringe, The Wire, The Killing, or The Sinner, there's a good chance you've seen his work.
For those in-the-known however, movies like Next Stop Wonderland, Session 9, Transsiberian and The Machinist stand out as high watermarks, films that not only boast style and execution well-beyond their modest budgets, but also first-rate performances from actors who would go on to join the A-list. Anderson is the consummate genre-hopper, a director who can both serve and elevate the materials, leaving just enough of his artistic fingerprint to let you know he was involved.
His latest film is Beruit, a political thriller set in the 1980s penned by Tony Gilroy (Michael Clayton, the Bourne trilogy) nearly 27 years ago. Jon Hamm stars as a U.S. diplomat who experiences a terrible tragedy while stationed in Lebanon in the '70s. Ten years later, he's called back into service to help negotiate the release of a kidnapped friend, but the country he once loved has become a war-torn snake pit of violence and intrigue, with players enacting their own shadowy agendas. Rosamund Pike and Dean Norris round out the cast in the John le Carré-styled story. And once again, Anderson effortlessly slides into yet another cinematic sandbox showcasing his formidable talents.
MovieMaker caught up with Anderson right after the premiere of Beruit at Sundance, and he was more than happy to explain his process, the virtues of cutting his teeth in the indie world, and why slapstick comedy isn't his professional cup of tea.
Jeff Meyers, MovieMaker Magazine (MM): Coming out of a long career in indie film world, is there a mental calculus you do in pre-production with regard to budget and how you want to proceed?
Brad Anderson (BA): In other words, can I accomplish what I want to accomplish? I've done enough relatively small movies to gauge if I've got five, eight, 12 million dollars, and what the script needs to make it work. I always aim high. I feel like, set the bar as high as you can.
With this movie, the budget was quite low—Tony [Gilroy] can speak to that too. He was like, “I don't know how were going to pull this off for the amount of money we have.” But I didn't let that deter us from starting the process. I always feel like once you get into it, get your crew together, you find a way to do it. As long as it's not a movie that requires something like a ton of CGI—which is out of your hands in terms of what that's going to cost—or needs to be shot in multiple locations around the world. Mostly, you look for a way to isolate things. In this movie this meant keeping things in one area: one city, one place, and one time—except for the flashbacks in the beginning. We knew we could design it so we could land in one place, Tangier, and make the movie from beginning to end. After that, it was just a single day in Rhode Island. I've gotten pretty good at being able to gauge what's possible with a small budget.
MM: When you look at the script are there efficiencies you know you can impose, and things you know you can't change?
BA: With Beirut, you're locked into period—wardrobe, cars, there are certain realities you have to stay true to. But the way we shoot or cover a scene, or the way we design a sequence, can be worked in an economical manner. We shot Beirut in a dirty, handheld way. Part of that was to lend it a certain energy, but it also allowed us to move through days very quickly. My DP Björn [Charpentier] and his B-Cam operator were always going, designing shots on the fly, trying to get cover scenes, so we weren't imposing too much choreography on them. We let them breathe a little bit. We got a lot of coverage quickly and didn't have a lot of equipment to haul around. We only had 33 days. If we had done it another way, with more traditional set ups and shooting, it probably would have taken 45 to 50 days to shoot and several more a million.
MM: What do you keep in mind when you're blocking a scene?
BA: First, we look at what makes sense for the scene dramatically. I'll come in with a framework of an idea, “You'll come in here. You'll go over there…” but then the actors will rework it based on what makes sense for them. Then we tackle how to make it work visually—how are we going to frame it so we're telling the story with the cameras? It's not like everything happens in succession, it's all happening in tandem. Jon [Hamm] may want to play his line front of the TV, but we realize if he walks in front of the window he's back-lit, and we have a nicer shot. So, we start to design things that way. The process of designing a scene becomes second nature the more you work. But the very first question is always: how do we make it work so the actors get into the scene and get into character and do what needs to be done?
MM: It's always interesting the way different directors handle cinematic geography. There's a lot of precision to your scenes, and yet you're working with handheld, which typically has kind of a loosey-goosey style.
BA: Yeah! Well even within that loosey-goosiness you design where you want it to go. Even if its handheld you've rehearsed it, and there are occasionally marks. I like to work both ways. A pilot I just completed was straight, classic, not much movement, beautiful frames, wide shots. This movie was very different. It was very present, in Jon's face a lot, playing with perspective. We love that look and feel. In trying to create a textured palette for the movie, Bjorn really went to town. We looked at David Fincher movies and other films, tried to capture a gritty, sun-baked reality. That meant not being afraid to push the envelope with contrast and how dark we could take it.
MM: Were there any moments where you encountered a completely unexpected filmmaking challenge where you had to completely re-calibrate?
BA: The biggest challenge was that we shot the movie during Ramadan. Our local Muslim crew couldn't eat, drink, or smoke from sunrise to sunset. It was tricky to balance out, making sure they could get the work done but also not fall down and die. We needed to make sure they felt respected. It took a couple days to find the right balance. Every evening, at sunset, we'd put out a big feast for them. It became something to look forward to at the end of each day. I try to do this in all of my films—particularly if you're shooting in a foreign country. You've got to connect with the crew, go out with them on the weekends, make sure they don't feel like we're just interlopers coming into their countries to make movies. You're all living in the same hotel in Tangier, so you really get to know each other; you're not just wandering off at the end of the day as if you were shooting in L.A. or New York.
MM: Stephen Frears once told me, and I'm totally paraphrasing here—but he said his job is not to know the most or have the best ideas, but to have the best taste. And to work with the actors. That's it. How do you respond to that?
BA: That makes sense. The general tenor of the set and the final results come from the director—hopefully. There is a brain trust driving it forward, but you want to have a point of view—a vision—and that's usually the director. You can call it taste, or point of view. I come in with one set of ideas but I'll take ideas from actors—I'm open to anyone. I'll listen to a boom operator if he has a good idea. You have to be open to that side of the process. You can gauge how a scene is going through the crew while shooting. In many ways they are your first audience, and you can feel them responding to a scene if it's right. Or if it's not, and they're just not engaged. They're a good initial litmus test.
MM: Is there something you look for in a take that lets you know that it's the one?
BA: It's really a feeling. You can't often say why a scene works or how it works, you just know you got it. I started as an editor, edit a lot of my films, or work closely with the editor. So, when I'm shooting I'm thinking as an editor. I see scenes in a way maybe other directors don't. Editors mostly match up scenes or cuts of scenes. I think of the pieces I see within a take and know I can dig those out. Not everything is perfect, and with actors they sometimes want another take because they think “I didn't get that beat” but in my head it's like, “You got it in take three, and that's how we're going to cut it.”
MM: Are there approaches you've developed working in film versus working in television.
BA: TV can teach you some bad habits, especially if you're working in network television. I've developed some of those… like the slow push in during every emotional moment. That's TV. I know when I'm doing it and I try and stay away, but sometimes it just works. Television is such a cutty medium. There are cinematic shows, but generally TV is a cut-up way of storytelling. When you can get those big master oners, that play the whole scene out, it's so thrilling to pull that off, because it's hard. Beirut wasn't that kind of movie, we were going for a montage vibe, so we kind of shot the hell out of it. A lot of the scenes were sculpted in the editing room. The good thing about television is because you have to work quickly, you learn to think on your feet. It's the same with independent film, you don't have a lot of time and you don't have a lot of money. Maybe that's why I go back and forth between TV and film. I'm used to the speed at which TV operates. I'm not precious, I can jump right in and start going.
MM: What is the point in the process you get most excited about?
BA: The prepping—the early location scouting is always exciting. Like when we went to Morocco and Tangiers. You think “Oh, this is where we could shoot this scene…” I love location scouting. Plus you're off in some exotic place exploring and learning about another culture. The actual production is good, but it's so varied. Some days are good and some days can suck. It'a a lot of work. Editing is what I really love the most. When I'm finished with the grueling part, when I have the raw material and I can shape it, play with it, really make the film. I can mess with music and sound design. I can toy with all the toys in the toy box.The editing part of it is the most gratifying. The very least gratifying part is when it's finished. You know people are out there and they have to watch it, and you get possessive. It's like I don't want people to watch it.
MM: Is there a type of moviemaking that intimidates you? Genre, documentary, do you ever think: ”I don't want to do that”?
BA: I've genre-hopped before… I guess doing Titans, because I've never done a superhero show. All the fights and guys in their suits… but I just said “Fuck it, lets try it.” Maybe I'd be scared to do a straight-out comedy. Early in my career I did a couple of romantic comedies—or “soulful” comedies. But to do a full on Will Ferrell-style comedy, I don't know if I could pull that off. Even though I love those movies. I think it's because they're not about the visuals, they're about the jokes. And what drew me to this business was trying to create a certain level of beauty, or ugliness, something that visually grabs you. I don't think people see Anchorman as a visual masterpiece. Then again, I don't know, maybe they do!
MM: So with Beirut you've got genre expectations, you've got political subtext, and I'm sure you were slave to various creative and economic masters. How do you establish your voice? You've got limited time, and it has to fulfill some commercial beats to be marketed and sold. How do you navigate all those expectations?
BA: In this one, fortunately, Tony and the producers said, “Go for it.” They were very hands-off. Most of the projects I've done have been that way. For whatever it's worth the producers often say, “we trust you to do what you need to do.” And their confidence makes you confident. It enables you to deliver a vision. Any commercial aspect, those elements are inherent to the film from the get-go. I don't shoot scenes thinking, “how can I make this more commercial?” Instead, it's “this is the script we're shooting. These are the actors.” It's my job to take all those elements and make it work in a story.
MM: Do you worry that with a movie like this—one that's tied to contemporary history—the critics will the need to weigh in on the politics rather than the movie itself?
BA: It's a tough world to delve into without raising hackles somewhere. If you go too far in one direction, these people will get pissed off. If you go too far in the other direction, these other people will get pissed off. Thats how it is in that region of the world. You're potentially walking over land mines any time you set a movie in the Middle East. At the same time, we didn't set out to make a documentary. These are fictional characters set against the backdrop of that real time, in 1982. And Tony did his research. Most of what we depict of the '82 cease fire is accurate—except of course the characters, which we made up.
We'll see how people respond to it to the political aspect of the movie. I don't think thats the main draw of the movie; I don't think people will be watching it to gain a political point of view about the Israeli/Palestinian conflict. It's more about Jon's character. There are no real heroes in the story, the Israelis, the Americans, the PLO— they're all kind of treacherous. He's the only hero. The least likely hero is the one who rises to the occasion and saves his friend. That simple act of loyalty is what is interesting to me. It happens in this espionage world of double crosses and betrayal, but he is the centerpiece for me. MM
Beirut opened in theaters on April 11, 2018, courtesy of Bleecker Street. All images courtesy of Bleecker Street.
SEOUL: Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov arrived in Pyongyang Thursday (May 31), North Korea's state media said, ahead of a landmark summit between Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Lavrov's visit comes amid a flurry of diplomatic activity to organise next month's summit, with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo also meeting Kim's right-hand man Kim Yong Chol in New York late Wednesday.
Advertisement
"Sergei Lavrov, foreign minister of the Russian Federation, arrived here on Thursday at the invitation of Ri Yong Ho, foreign minister of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea)", KCNA news agency said in a brief dispatch.
It gave no further details but Russia's Tass news agency said the two foreign ministers had begun talks at the Supreme People's Assembly building in Pyongyang.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said earlier they were expected to discuss "vital issues of bilateral relations and key international and regional issues".
Lavrov is paying a visit to North Korea for the first time since 2009, Tass said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lavrov spoke to his US counterpart Pompeo by telephone for the first time on Wednesday ahead of the Secretary of State's dinner meeting with Kim Yong Chol.
Washington is pressing North Korea to quickly give up all its nuclear weapons in a verifiable way in return for lifting sanctions and economic relief.
But analysts say North Korea will be unwilling to cede its nuclear deterrent unless it is given security guarantees that the US will not try to topple the regime.
Jurgen Klopp's men won 5-2 at Anfield this evening in the first leg of their semi-final clash.
The Reds conceded two late goals in the last 10 minutes to hand Roma a lifeline heading into the second leg next Wednesday.
Lovren was at fault for the first goal as the centre-half misjudged Radja Nainggolan's pass that set up Edin Dzeko.
And Lampard hit out at the defender following Liverpool's win, claiming Lovren needs to be more assured.
“It's poor defending from Lovren here,” Lampard said.
“I think he knows he's in trouble, he doesn't realise until too late though.
“He needs to run back earlier but he keeps running backwards.
- Explanation has been given by the police on the tactics employed by Senator Dino Melaye to escape from lawful custody
- Hoodlums and miscreants are said to have orchestrated the Kogi senator's escape
- He was traced to an Abuja hospital where he was subsequently rearrested, the police said
The Nigerian police have have explained how embattled senator, Dino Melaye, escaped from police custody and how he was rearrested immediately.
In a press statement made available to NAIJ.com, Force public relations officer, ACP Jimoh Moshood said the senator representing Kogi west escaped from a lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in two Toyota Hilux vehicles blocked the police vehicle conveying him around Area 1 Round About, Abuja.
READ ALSO: President Buhari reacts to killing of 15 worshippers in Benue church
He said the senator jumped out of the vehicle in the process and was traced to an Abuja hospital where he was rearrested.
"At about 1200Hrs of today Sen. Dino Melaye while in lawful custody of the Nigeria Police Force and being taken for arraignment in Federal High Court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in two Toyota Hilux vehicles blocked the police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About, Abuja and in the process the senator jumped out of the police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination.
"The police team re-enforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where he was re-arrested. The senator would be arraigned in court without further delay.
"Meanwhile, one of the Toyota Hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the senator has been recovered by the police investigation team.
"The inspector general of police has therefore directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody," the statement read.
NAIJ.com had earlier reported that the Kogi state police command on Tuesday, April 24, failed to parade Dino Melaye, the embattled Senator representing Kogi west over allegation of supplying arms to criminals.
PAY ATTENTION: Read the news on Nigeria's #1 news app
Mr Aremu, the deputy force public relations officer, force headquarters, Abuja, told journalists in Lokoja that the senator was in police custody in Abuja.
Kogi West senatorial district to recall senator Dino Melaye from the Nigerian Senate on NAIJ.com TV.
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
Carnival Elation Gets Extensive Makeover
Cruise News – Oct. 5, 2017
Carnival Cruise Line's Carnival Elation is in the final stages of a multimillion-dollar makeover that includes the addition of an expansive new WaterWorks park, 38 new cabins, 98 balconies to existing staterooms, and a variety of new food and beverage concepts.
Following the extensive renovation, Carnival Elation will resume its year-round schedule of 4- to 8-day cruises from Jacksonville, Florida, on October 7. The ship's new features include Guy's Burger Joint, in partnership with Food Network personality Guy Fieri; RedFrog Rum Bar; BlueIguana Cantina and Tequila Bar; Camp Ocean play area for kids ages 2-11; WaterWorks water park featuring an enclosed 300-foot-long Twister water slide, two 82-foot-long racing slides, and a splash zone for kids; and a relocated nine-hole mini-golf course.
In addition, 38 cabins have been added (two Grand Vista suites, 22 junior suites, two scenic ocean view cabins, and 12 interior accommodations), and private verandahs have been added to 98 existing staterooms, creating new 230-square-foot balcony staterooms. All staterooms will offer new island-inspired interiors with bright colors and soothing pastels inspired by Carnival Elation's tropical itineraries.
Carnival Elation is Jacksonville's only year-round cruise ship offering 4- and 5-day cruises to The Bahamas featuring stops at Freeport, Nassau, and the private destinations of Half Moon Cay and Princess Cays. The ship will also offer a special 6-day Bahamas cruise and an 8-day Bermuda voyage in April 2018 as well as a one-time 7-day Eastern Caribbean cruise the following month.
Photos:Andy Newman/Carnival Cruise Line
CINCINNATI: With sidelined Serena Williams about to have a baby, five players have a chance to grab the world number one ranking at this week's US Open tuneup event in Cincinnati.
Williams, a 23-time Grand Slam champion who announced her pregnancy and the end of her season in April, owned the top spot for 186 consecutive weeks through last September, matching Steffi Graf for an Open Era record, and traded the spot with Germany's Angelique Kerber earlier this year.
Defending Cincinnati champion Karolina Pliskova took over the top spot five weeks ago but will lose points from her title run, opening the door for rivals to overtake her.
Romania's second-ranked Simona Halep, world number three Kerber, Ukraine's fourth-rated Elina Svitolina and fifth-ranked Dane Caroline Wozniacki could claim the top spot.
Simona Halep has a chance to become number one, but is haunted by key losses. (AFP/MATTHEW STOCKMAN)
"Nothing has changed. I have a big responsibility. I'll do everything as I have before," Pliskova said. "I do think it's a huge thing but I don't want to do anything just because of the rankings.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I don't try to behave differently. I try not to see the pressure."
Pliskova has won titles this year at Brisbane, Doha and Eastbourne but anything short of a repeat gives Halep a chance to reach number one by winning the title.
"To be number one in the world is a big thing. It shows you have been consistent. You have won the place. If I deserve the place, for sure I will win it," Halep said.
The Romanian however remains haunted by a French Open finals loss to Jelena Ostapenko in which she was up a set and a break before squandering a chance at her first Grand Slam title and number one.
"I still have bad dreams about that," Halep said. "I still suffer."
She's also trying to forget a 6-1, 6-1 loss to Svitolina in the Toronto semi-finals, one for which she apologized to spectators on Monday.
"I was really disappointed. It was a horror match for me," Halep said. "I couldn't feel the ball. I can't say I wasn't ready to play. It never happened to me before, not like that."
Svitolina, 22, has won titles this year in Taiwan, Dubai, Istanbul, Rome and Toronto.
She credits Dubai with inspiration but improved in her Canada title run last week.
"The title in Dubai really gave me that push. I played great," Svitolina said. "But this tournament in Toronto showed me I can go there not playing my best and fight back and still be able to win the title.
"It's one more step in a good direction."
'IT'S GOING TO BE A BATTLE'
Svitolina's hot season has inspired her to aim big.
"It's very special. It gives me more energy to go for more," Svitolina said.
She needs a title and Pliskova out before the semi-finals to reach number one.
"I know this but I try not to put so much pressure on myself. Of course to be number one is a goal of mine. The important thing is to play well," Svitolina said.
"I know it's very close for everyone. I'd prefer to play well at big tournaments. Then the ranking will be there."
Kerber and Wozniacki need Pliskova to crash out in her opening match to have a chance at number one this week.
And while Spain's sixth-ranked Garbine Muguruza, can't overtake now, she would be a threat to do so at the US Open.
"It's going to be a battle," she said. "I like that I'm part of it and it's going to be a big thing. Now I feel like I've got to play. I can't miss a tournament. If I do I'm gone."
Bengaluru: A meeting called by Chief Minister Siddaramaiah on Saturday to discuss allocation of funds for the downtrodden communities saw Dalit leaders walk out, demanding that the government make clear its stand on internal reservation among scheduled castes.
Drama unfolded during the pre-budget meeting as the Dalit leaders insisted that the government clarify its stand on the AJ Sadashiva Commission report.
The meet at the chief minister's residence was to discuss allocation of funds for various welfare schemes for the downtrodden communities.
As soon as it began, Bahujan Samaj Party state coordinator Marasandra Muniyappa and Dalit Sangharsh Samiti president N Murthy demanded that the government make known its stand on report.
They surrounded Siddaramaiah and refused to heed to his plea to come up with suggestions.
Apparently unhappy with the ruckus caused by the two leaders, the chief minister said he would leave the meeting hall.
However, the Dalit leaders boycotted the meeting and walked out.
Later, Murthy accused Siddaramaiah of dividing the Dalit communities "hurting their interests."
"We toiled for 45 years to unite various Dalit communities and ensure that they received their benefits. However, Siddaramaiah is obstructing our work to uplift Dalits," he said.
"Siddaramaiah came to power with the help of Dalits and today he is working against their interests. We will teach Congress a lesson in the 2018 assembly elections," Murthy added.
BSP leader Muniyappa said Siddaramaiah was insisting on seeking the opinion from Advocate General (regarding the implementation of Sadashiva commission report), which he said was not required.
The commission had recommended reclassification of all scheduled castes into four groups of Right Community, Left Community, Touchables and Other Scheduled Castes for equitable distribution of the overall reservation.
The objective behind setting it up was to examine whether the benefits for the scheduled caste reached all sub-sects equally.
Duterte looking for ‘win-win solution' to SSS pension hike
President Duterte is looking for a “win-win solution” to resolve the impasse over the proposed pension increase for Social Security System members.
The President intends to meet his economic managers soon to study the matter and balance the interests of the pensioners and the state pension agency, Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said.
“The proposed R2,000 SSS pension hike is still being studied by the President upon the recommendation of his economic managers,” Andanar said.
“The President is looking for a win-win solution where he can give pensioners the increase they have been asking for while ensuring that SSS will remain solvent at all times,” he added.
Andanar explained that the President does not want to use taxpayers' money, especially money of non-SSS members, should funding problem arise as a result of the pension increase. “He will again confer and meet with his economic managers to solve the impasse,” he said.
Duterte earlier deferred the proposed SSS pension hike due to concerns raised by some Cabinet members that it might bloat the agency's liabilities and lead to its bankruptcy. Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno, Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez, and Socio-Economic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia are reportedly opposed to the SSS pension increase proposal.
Duterte said he would still study the proposal to increase the SSS pension in two tranches starting this month.
“I promised that it would come your way before the year ends. I'm very sorry but that's how it is. I do not own the money. And hindi naman – ang problema kasi dito is government assures everybody that SSS will remain solvent for all times,” he said in recent interview with state-owned People's Television Network.
“The risk is not really that good but anyway, we'll meet again…I'll try to give you the honest explanation maybe in the month of January,” he said.
Upon learning the President's latest position, some lawmakers have called on Duterte to fulfill his promise to approve the increase in the monthly SSS pension of retirees.
The SSS pension hike is one of the campaign promises of Duterte when he ran for president in the last elections.
His predecessor, then President Aquino, blocked the proposed SSS pension increase, drawing criticisms for being heartless. At the time, Aquino argued that the pension agency may become bankrupt in a few years if the huge pension hike benefiting two million SSS pensioners is approved. (Genalyn D. Kabiling)
Related
comments
ZANESVILLE, Ohio — The Community Development Committee held their monthly meeting at City Hall this afternoon.
One of the issues discussed was a proposed ordinance for increased art in public spaces. Included in the ordinance is the recommendation of of an arts commission that could source investments for the art culture via external grants, private foundations, and other means.
“There should be a development of an arts commission in the city. That is made up of artists, different mediums, that could partner with city government, when necessary, but also works to further arts and culture in the Zanesville area,” said Public Service Director Jay Bennett.
Bennett says that there is one central idea behind this proposed ordinance.
“To display art that would further the brand that we are an arts community, we embrace it, come see it– it changes from time to time. Come on downtown, shop while you're here, spend your money while you're here, and buy art and let's further the economy around the arts both for the community and the artists,” added Bennett.
Some of the areas that could be available for the pubic art include sidewalks, crosswalks, street lamps, and empty walls. The Community Development Committee will meet with a group of artists tomorrow to get their thoughts on the process and how they could add value. Once they feel comfortable with the proposal, the ordinance will be run through City Council.
The next Community Development Committee meeting will be held on Monday, May 15th. The public is welcome to attend.
SANGLI, India (Reuters) - India's sugar output is likely to scale record highs in the next marketing season, with farmers choosing to plant the crop despite falling prices and around 200 billion rupees ($2.96 billion) in delayed payments from mills for the current harvest.
FILE PHOTO: Labourers carry sacks filled with sugar to load them onto a supply truck at a wholesale market in Kolkata, April 5, 2018. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri/File Photo
Farmers such as Mohan Sawant, who this year planted cane on two acres of land, say they will be sticking with the crop in the marketing season that kicks off on October 1 as it still offers larger profits than alternatives such as wheat.
“Sugarcane gives me better returns ... I would wait for payment instead of getting lower profit from other crops,” said Sawant in the district of Sangli, around 375 km south of Mumbai.
Industry officials and traders said that farmers' devotion to cane would drive sugar production to a fresh peak in the next marketing season. Although they said it was too far out to make estimates on the amount by which output would exceed the 32 million-tonne record expected in the current marketing season.
“It is difficult to give an exact production number right now, but certainly next year output would be higher than this year,” said Prakash Naiknavare, managing director of the National Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories (NFCSF).
That output would likely stoke a glut that has weighed on local markets, potentially pushing the country to try to ship more of the sweetener overseas and dragging on global prices that have already fallen 17 percent in 2018.
Farmers were cultivating cane on 4.87 million hectares as of last week, slightly higher than 4.79 million hectares at the same time in 2017, government data shows.
Apart from new plantings, large amounts of so-called ratoon crops will also be available due to the low cost of taking a second harvest, Naiknavare said.
Ratoon is the root stub of cane that remains after a first crop and can grow again for a second harvest.
BETTER LATE THAN NEVER?
Local sugar prices have dropped over a quarter in the past year to their lowest since September 2015, dragged down by the supply glut.
That has made it “impossible” for mills to pay farmers on time for cane, said B.B. Thombre, president of the Western India Sugar Mills Association.
Mills have delayed payments for cane of more than 200 billion rupees, in some cases by as much as four months, said a government official, declining to be identified as he was not allowed to speak to media.
To reduce sugar stockpiles and support local prices, India made it mandatory for mills to export 2 million tonnes of sugar in March, but they have so far failed to ship large quantities due to lower prices overseas, industry officials said.
Exports need to be ramped up with government help as inventory is going to rise further in the coming season, said Ashok Jain, president of the Bombay Sugar Merchants Association (BSMA).
The country could start next marketing year with carry forward stocks of 11 million tonnes, said Jain.
But any move to increase exports could be hindered after fellow producers Brazil and Australia initiated a legal investigation into whether India's support for its sugar sector has violated World Trade Organization restrictions.
($1 = 67.4850 Indian rupees)
CTV Calgary Staff
Work is continuing on Southwest Calgary's $1.4 billion ring road which will ultimately connect Glenmore Trail to Highway 22X
Some homeowners in Discovery Ridge, the site of the planned Highway 8 and 69th Street Southwest interchange, aren't happy with how the government is going about the road's construction.
In its agreement with the Tsuut'ina, from which the province bought the land the road will travel through, the road must be complete and open by May 2022 and if it isn't the land reverts back to Tsuut'ina.
In a push to meet that deadline, some residents say the province isn't listening to their concerns about sound and safety so they've come up with a new way to get the government's attention.
Tim Dixon has collected 200 signatures from Discovery Ridge homeowners but wants a few more names before presenting the petition in the Alberta Legislature.
The petition asks the province to adopt higher standards for highway sound abatement.
“We've always had a nominal sound level with the trucks engaging their engine brakes but without any trees it's much more pronounced,” says Dixon.
Dixon says as far as he knows there are no plans for a sound barrier for the neighbourhood.
“Our understanding in our area is that nothing is planned,” says Dixon. “Bare field, a lot of graders, there are no sound or other mitigating measures planned for our immediate area.”
Dixon started the petition because he says there has been no meaningful consultation with the community or explanation for how noise and safety concerns will be addressed when the interchange will come within 40 metres of their doors.
“We would have liked to have had some meaningful conversation but 50 to 100 people clustered around a wall map is not meaningful consultation,” says Dixon.
Dixon is not alone in his concerns.
Two months ago the province knocked down the sound buffering trees that stood in the neighbourhood and residents say the noise from Highway 8 has been amplified and they expect it will only get worse.
“I think we're stuck in the middle between a provincial project and the City of Calgary,” says area resident Derek Blair. “It may be a provincial initiative, but the impact is to a community in the City of Calgary so why can't the province and city work together on a solution?”
Blair has lived in the area for 15 years and says, “It's been more of a monologue about what's going to be happening to you instead of a dialogue regarding how to make this a win win situation.”
The Discovery Ridge Community Association has been communicating with the province but says all residents' concerns need to be heard and has given the petition its blessing.
A spokesperson for Transportation Minister Brian Mason told CTV that because of its consultations with the community association; it moved the eastbound lanes of the ring road north, away from homes, and will build a berm along the community's northern edge.
The province says it doesn't anticipate noise levels to exceed the limit that requires consideration of noise mitigation, if it does exceed the levels in the provincial guidelines, additional noise mitigation measures will be constructed as part of the project.
(With files from Lea Williams-Doherty)
- Advertisement -
Manchester United and Manchester City have been asked for observations by the FA after a tunnel altercation at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho had milk thrown at him in the tunnel area, according to Sky Sports, while Manchester City assistant coach Mikel Arteta suffered a cut to the head in the incident.
It is understood Manchester United were surprised at the manner of Manchester City's celebrations after the full-time whistle.
- Advertisement -
The incident was not included in referee Michael Oliver's match report, so the FA will now investigate.
The clubs have until December 13 to respond.
Manchester City posted images of players celebrating in the tunnel following their 2-1 victory, which moved them 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Mourinho accused City of being “lucky” and getting favourable decisions after his side's defeat.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bwx Technologies Inc:
* BWXT AWARDED CA$18.6 MILLION CONTRACT FOR NUCLEAR POWER PLANT TUBE FABRICATION
* SUNIT BWXT NUCLEAR ENERGY CANADA HAS BEEN AWARDED A CA$18.6 MILLION, FOUR-YEAR CONTRACT TO MANUFACTURE ZIRCALOY-4 SEAMLESS TUBES​
* AWARDED CONTRACT TO MANUFACTURE ZIRCALOY-4 SEAMLESS TUBES FOR SOCIETATEA NATIONALA NUCLEARELECTRICA SA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A new report from the Calgary Police Commission has identified a number of issues residents are concerned about when it comes to safety in the city.
The document, released on Friday morning, came from a group of citizens engaged through an online forum environment in an attempt to identify some of the factors that resulted in a drop in a perception of safety in the CPC's last citizen survey.
The results from the 2016 survey indicated that the percentage of residents that perceived Calgary as a safe place to live dropped to 53 percent from 55 percent in 2015. The perceived change in crime rate jumped to 49 percent from 37 percent in 2015.
Brian Thiessen, chair of the CPC, said that unlike previous years, a smaller group of just over 100 people was engaged in the forum.
“This year, we measured success from the quality of responses and the depth of information gathered. We know we have engaged enough people when common themes start to appear. Unlike previous years, we can't project those on the entire population of the city, but we do have a snapshot of perspectives on a diverse group of Calgarians.”
The report released on Friday said that the perception of an increase in crime and the greater likelihood of criminal activity can be connected to the continued economic downturn in the city.
Factors such as increased unemployment, homelessness, gang activity, poverty and racial conflicts are all connected to more desperate behaviour and a sense that city safety is on the decline.
Those that participated in the community consultation feel less safe in a number of areas of the city, the report found, including:
Downtown core, East side, East Village and Beltline particularly at night
Areas in District 4 and 5 including:
- Marlborough and Marlborough mall
- Whitehorn
- Castleridge
- Falconridge
- Rundle
- Pineridge
- Penbrooke
- Forest Lawn
- Dover
The CPC report also identified areas of concern at LRT stations including riding the LRT at night, near the Drop-In Centre and Alpha House and homeless camps set up along the Bow River.
The commission says that gangs and drugs are often the principal reasons behind property and person crimes and respondents said that if the Calgary Police Service can do more to combat those issues, those crimes would be prevented.
Calgary Police Chief Roger Chaffin says that he found that the forum helped identify a number of issues the service needs to address that will be very important as they move ahead with budget discussions.
He also said that report helped show him how much Calgarians understand and recognize the work the service does.
“Sometime the most difficult circumstances, as we've talked about many times before, our service is stretched very thin to meet the requirements of Calgarians and hearing Calgarians say ‘they get it' and want to work with us further down the road is important to us. I think the opportunities for us to be visibly present come out of this survey; that Calgarians like to see us in their perception of safety and largely built on our presence, the ability to communicate with us and talk to us and work on problems together.”
A full report is available on the Calgary Police Commission's website.
YORKSHIRE, N.Y. (WIVB) – A Cheektowaga woman was charged with Leandra's Law DWI and three counts of endangering the welfare of a child following a Saturday night traffic stop.
Joanne L. Batch, 45, of Cheektowaga, was stopped on West Yorkshire Road after one of the three children in her vehicle called 911 due to her erratic driving. The three children were all under the age of 16.
According to New York State Police reports, troopers observed Batch's car moving from a lane unsafely.
She was given standard field sobriety tests which she failed.
Batch was arraigned in the town of Freedom and is due back in court June 2017.
The video shows the moment the shark powers through the water, before attempting to swallow the camera recording whole.
The resulting footage exposes the inside of the animal's mouth, as it continues filming.
Eventually, it gives up the fight and spits it back out before swimming away.
The video was shot near Isla de Guadalupe, Mexico, by Dominik Fretz, a software developer and explorer for National Geographic, who used an underwater drone known as a Trident.
MUMBAI: Rohit Tripathi whose stage names spells Rustum is all set to enter the music world with his latest romantic Punjabi single Mental. Rustum has collaborated with Badri Ki Dulhania fame Ikka Singh for this track.
The track is released under Times Music , while music to the pop track-Mental has been given by Teenu Arora and lyrics have been penned by Raj Hans. The video has been shot in Dubai featuring an Afghani model Roshana Najib, directed by Aziz Zee.
Rustom has been a professional businessman from the field of pharmaceuticals. A graduate from Delhi university, Rustum had participated in various music performances during his school and college days.
“I was always keen on getting in the field of music. I am really happy and excited for Mental. The concept of this music video was in my mind from the last couple of years and I am glad that now everything has fallen into place perfectly,” said Rustum.
Click here to view the track:
Rustum has plans to release two more music videos in the coming months in collaboration with top artist from Bollywood and Punjabi music industry.
New Delhi: In a historic judgement, ahead of crucial assembly polls in five states, the Supreme Court on Monday said no politician can seek vote in the name of caste, creed or religion.
Religion can have no role in electoral process, the seven judge Constitution bench said. Seeking vote in the name of religion by the candidate will be dealt under Section 123(3) of the Representation of People's Act, the apex court ruled.
The top court further stated that election is a secular exercise and thereby its way and process should be followed. The court also said that the relationship between man and God is an individual choice and the state is forbidden to interfere in such an activity.
With Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections expected to be held in February, the SC order can have a huge impact in the sensitive state.
A bunch of PILs were filed before the Supreme Court in the wake of 1995 judgement of the apex court in the Hindutva case, which dealt with electoral malpractices.
MOSCOW: As Didier Deschamps plots another World Cup title tilt with France, Kylian Mbappe, who was not even born when his coach lifted the trophy in 1998, has become an indispensable figure for Les Bleus.
It was only two-and-a-half years ago that the teenager made his professional debut, but the rise of Mbappe - the second-most expensive player in history - has been meteoric.
Advertisement
After winning successive French league crowns with Monaco and then Paris Saint-Germain, the 19-year-old announced himself on the global stage by knocking Lionel Messi's Argentina out of the last 16 in Russia.
With Cristiano Ronaldo, a childhood hero of Mbappe's, crashing out of the competition on the same day with Portugal, it felt like a passing of the torch to a new generation.
Mbappe's breathtaking acceleration and steely composure were used to devastating effect as he became the first teenager since Pele 60 years ago to score at least twice in a World Cup match.
"I gave Kylian a new nickname, it's 37, because he reached a peak of 37kmph against Argentina," said France teammate Florian Thauvin.
Advertisement
Advertisement
To put his searing speed into context, triple Olympic 100-metre champion Usain Bolt's career peak was clocked at 44.72 kmph during his world record run at the 2009 world championships.
And while Mbappe may be the game's new superstar, the French teenage sensation is not forgetting his roots.
Kylian Mbappe scored twice as France beat Argentina 4-3 in the World Cup last 16. (Photo: AFP/Franck Fife)
According to L'Equipe, he has promised to donate his World Cup bonus to organise sporting initiatives for children in hospital.
He will likely find a robust Uruguay defence far less charitable, but former France defender Lilian Thuram expects Mbappe to thrive on the challenge.
"He is young, and young players really enjoy themselves when the standard of the opposition increases," said Thuram.
"MORE TALENT" THAN POGBA
France great Thierry Henry, who followed a similar trajectory to the top as Mbappe, cited the latter's intelligence as the driving force behind his success.
"When I watch him dribble, he's thinking," Henry said in an interview with Canal+.
"There's something that gets me going and saddens me at times. We often speak of a player and say: 'He's fast, he's tough, he jumps high', but we never speak about a player's brain.
"He thinks when he plays, and that for me is the most important thing in a player, he uses his brain," explained Henry.
"It's the sign of a guy who can go very far."
Ludovic Batelli, coach of the France team that won the Under-19 European Championship in 2016, said Mbappe had a rare level of maturity for someone so young.
"He has this clear-headedness, this sangfroid in front of goal which is the mark of great goalscorers," said Batelli.
"It's often acquired more in the second part of one's career. He has it at a very, very young age. It's what is going to allow him to become a future great."
Mbappe scored 21 goals in his first season in Paris after joining the club in a monumental deal worth an eventual 180 million euros (US$210 million).
Paul Pogba, one of the cornerstones of the current France side, said Mbappe has only just scratched the surface of what he is capable of achieving.
"He's got a lot more talent than me," Pogba said of Mbappe. "And he's not going to stop there. He's got so much talent."
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says he and his players are still up for the fight as they bid the stay in the Premier League.
Boro lost 2-1 at home to Arsenal last night after Alvaro Negredo had cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's superb 42nd-minute free-kick.
It took Mesut Ozil's strike 19 minutes from time to clinch victory for the Gunners.
Agnew, whose side hosts Sunderland on Wednesday next week, was left to bemoan one that got away after Petr Cech pulled off a fine reaction save to deny central defender Daniel Ayala with 61 minutes gone.
Agnew said: “I think that was the moment. We have been waiting for it for a few weeks and I just felt that when we scored, we had Arsenal on the back foot.
“We pushed them back, and you're just thinking the ball is going to bounce in the right area.
“Dani has done everything right, but the ball has got right down the line of Petr Cech.”
Boro performed creditably, but find themselves still six points adrift of safety with just six games remaining, and knowing time is running out fast.
Agnew, however, said: “Obviously we missed an opportunity. We all realise the task ahead, but equally we are six points off it, a game in hand and a terrific goal difference.
“The players were amazing in terms of their effort and commitment and attitude towards the game. They played with such an intensity, I couldn't ask any more of them.”
Arsene Wenger admitted Arsenal have to win each of their remaining seven Premier League games if they are to secure a 20th successive top-four finish.
Wenger said: “For us, the clarity is there - we have to win every game to have a chance to get in the top four, starting tonight.
“I think it will make the team a bit more serene. You could see that one some occasions, we were a bit over-cautious. Hopefully that will give us a bit more confidence. Mathematically it is still possible.”
Tuesday, February 14, 2017 – Weather forecast update at 4pm:
A weather system will advance into our region Tuesday night and Wednesday with bands of precip.
Freezing levels will be between 2000m and 2500m on Wednesday. Expect a wintery mix. Some areas may see the possibility of freezing rain as many parts of the Southern Interior remains near 0C at the surface but warmer air is pushing in at the upper levels.
Sleet will also be a possibility Wednesday and Thursday morning. The precip will taper off by Thursday night.
Signs point to a break on Friday but the weekend looks unsettled with the potential for another system to track into the region from the South.
Wednesday's daytime high range: 0 to +6
We will have the rest of your weather details coming up at 5 and 6:30 and 11pm – Hope you can join us!
~ Duane/Wesla
If there's one thing that Stephen Colbert and actor-comic Nick Kroll's #PuberMe fundraising campaign established, it's that celebrity awkwardness may be just as valuable as celebrity beauty.
On "The Late Show" on Thursday night, Colbert shared the final tally of the philanthropic endeavor, with Kroll calling from Argentina to weigh in.
The celebrity puberty photos shared raised $233,000, provided by the AmeriCone Dream Fund, Colbert announced. Kroll then shared that the cast and crew of his Netflix series "Big Mouth" would be fronting an additional $100,000 for Puerto Rico.
To that news, Colbert revealed that Les Moonves and CBS had decided to match that amount, bringing the total funds raised to $666,000.
"That's the devil's donation, Stephen," Kroll said of the number.
"Yes," Colbert agreed, "If the devil was nice, that's how much he'd give."
But wait! There's more.
Colbert then shared that thanks to the more than 75,000 tweets generated by #PuberMe from non-celebrities, the AmeriCone Dream Fund was offering an additional $266,000 to Puerto Rico.
Not to be outdone, Kroll offered an additional $67,000 from "Big Mouth," joking that he had "sold a kidney" to garner the extra funds.
But that leaves just $999,000 for Puerto Rico. A shame, really, that they didn't have one more awkward celebrity offering to make it an even $1 million.
Enter star of stage and screen Lin-Manuel Miranda!
Miranda stopped by "The Late Show" to share a childhood video of himself singing sadly about missing Puerto Rico and hating New York City, a delightful way to celebrate the spirit of #PuberMe fundraiser.
Have your say
Forgotten Peterborough United midfielder Adil Nabi has joined National League North side Nuneaton Borough on loan until the end of the season.
Nabi has started just six matches for Posh since joining on a free transfer from West Brom in January, 2016.
The 23 year-old hasn't appeared in a Posh match since the ‘dead' Checkatrade Trophy game at Barnet in November, 2016, 14 months ago. Nabi still has 18 months on his Posh contract to run.
He joins a Nuneaton side battling against relegation.
By Michelle Yun / AFP, TAIPEI
The disappearance of a Chinese billionaire from his Hong Kong hotel has brought back frightening memories for former Hong Kong bookseller Lam Wing-kei (林榮基), who also went missing in an ordeal that highlighted Beijing's tightening grip on the territory.
Lam is one of five men connected to a Hong Kong publisher and bookstore who vanished at the end of 2015 and resurfaced in China. He returned to Hong Kong on bail after eight months in detention and refuses to go back.
The booksellers' case sparked international outrage and fueled concern that Beijing is threatening the territory's freedoms.
Those fears were reignited last month when Chinese tycoon Xiao Jianhua (肖建華) disappeared from his apartment in the Four Seasons hotel, with reports he was snatched by Chinese security agents. His whereabouts are still unknown.
Lam says both he and Xiao were political targets.
“It is 100 percent certain the [Chinese] Communist Party is behind it,” he said in an interview in Taipei, where he was attending the Taipei International Book Exhibition.
Lam and the other four men were known for publishing salacious titles about the Chinese leadership and ran a store stocked with books banned in China.
In Xiao's case, there is widespread speculation that he has been caught up in an anti-corruption drive by Chinese President Xi Jinping (習近平), which some critics believe has been a tool to target his political opponents.
The Xiao incident has renewed Lam's fears about remaining in Hong Kong.
“Yes, I worry [about my safety]. Every Hong Kong person should worry,” the 62-year-old said. “I love Hong Kong. I want to stay in Hong Kong. I will never leave. I will speak out even if it means going to jail.”
Lam was allowed back to Hong Kong in June last year on the condition that he pick up a hard disc listing bookstore customers and return to China.
Instead he went public to tell an explosive story of how he was blindfolded by Chinese police after crossing the border and interrogated for months.
Hong Kong has a separate legal system under the “one country, two systems” deal struck when Britain returned the territory to China in 1997 and is not obliged to hand Lam back even if he is violating the terms of his bail.
Lam says he became suicidal during his detention and daily life is still not easy. He wears a face mask to help shield his identity and alternates between the eight entrances to the residential complex where he lives.
During his visit to Taiwan, he was protected by police security after pro-Beijing protesters attempted to attack prominent Hong Kong democracy activist Joshua Wong (黃之鋒) during a recent trip to Taipei.
Lam says he is no longer involved in the book trade, but writes columns for local Hong Kong media outlets on a voluntary basis. There are still moments when his time in detention comes back to haunt him.
He said he was spooked on spotting a plain-clothes policeman waiting for him at the airport when he arrived in Taiwan.
“I thought he could be a mainland security agent,” Lam said.
Three of the other booksellers who were detained have been freed, but Lam said he is not in touch with them out of concern for their safety, believing they are still under surveillance.
The fifth, Gui Minhai (桂民海) — who disappeared in Thailand — is still in detention.
However, while Lam might have to look over his shoulder for the rest of his life, he said that in some ways the trauma of his detention has made it easier to cope with its aftermath.
TULSA, Okla. (AP) - The Latest on a Delta Air Lines flight diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger (all times local):
2:10 p.m.
Delta Air Lines is apologizing to customers whose plans were delayed because a flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta had to land in Tulsa, Oklahoma, due to what it described as an unruly passenger.
Delta spokesman Anthony Black says flight 1156 landed "without incident" and that there were 172 passengers and six crew members onboard the Boeing 737-900.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says the plane landed about 11:30 a.m. Wednesday and the passenger was removed. Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance.
FBI spokeswoman Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency was investigating but referred other questions to the U.S. Attorney's office.
1:50 p.m.
A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
Higgins said the aircraft was refueling shortly after 1:15 p.m. and would resume the flight to Atlanta.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
June 29, 1950 – April 14, 2017
Steven Simons, age 66, of Elk River, passed away on April 14, 2017 at his home.He was preceded in death by father, Ray “Shorty” Simons.Steve is survived by his mother, Bernadine Simons; sister, Beverly (Don) Goerisch; wife, Candace; sons, Frank and Ray (Danielle); grandsons, Frank and Raymond; many other relatives and friends.No services will be held according to his wishes.“If you've taken part of a man's time, you've taken part of his life.”Dare's Funeral Home 763-441-1212www.daresfuneralservice.com
Katherine Snedaker says she has had 20 concussions, the first three decades ago from a car accident when she was 16. But it wasn't until her son suffered a series of concussions in the sixth grade, around 2008, that she felt compelled to learn all she could about head injuries to help him recover.
During her journey of learning, she has become a nationally known advocate for better research, medical care, and support for girls and women with brain injuries, including concussions.
She founded her nonprofit advocacy group PINK Concussions in 2013 in response to what she discovered was a lack of information and research on female concussions. She formed the group during a yearlong medical leave to treat breast cancer and while rebuilding her home, damaged by Superstorm Sandy.
Some studies show females suffer more concussions than males when playing similar sports. Doctors agree more research is needed on any gender differences and whether women experience more severe symptoms or take longer to recover.
Most research has focused on men, especially dozens of former football players who died from a degenerative brain disease that has been linked to concussions.
“There's a lot we don't know,” said Snedaker, 49, a licensed clinical social worker who gave up her regular job to advocate full-time at her own expense. “What I wanted to do was educate the public.”
Snedaker has sought to keep a light shining on the need for more research, better medical care, and more community support for girls and women with concussions and other brain injuries suffered through sports, military service, domestic violence and accidents. She has organized several conferences that have brought together medical experts and military leaders she has met, done dozens of media interviews, and launched a website — Pink Concussions — to share information.
In March, Pink Concussions will hold its second annual international summit on female concussions and traumatic brain injuries; it will be hosted by the National Institutes of Health.
“Katherine has done a lot of great work as an activist,” said Dr. Zachary Kerr, an assistant professor in exercise and sport science at the University of North Carolina and former director of the NCAA's injury surveillance program.
“There are all these different theories out there about why concussions are higher in women than in men, but we really don't know why,” he said. “We need more data collection. We need more surveillance at all levels. We need to get more information out there.”
Snedaker, Kerr and other advocates and doctors are optimistic about a $ 30 million, three-year study being done by the NCAA and the Department of Defense. The study is billed as the largest ever of concussion in sports, involving more than 25,000 student athletes. Preliminary results are expected to be released in late January.
Dr. Brian Hainline, chief medical officer of the NCAA, said it also will be the largest-ever study of female concussions. The results may lead to sports rule changes and international guidelines on prevention and treatment, he said.
A major impetus to Snedaker's activism has been hearing stories in support groups and in surveys from women and girls suffering from concussions. Many shared similar stories of not healing as fast as people thought they should, doctors minimizing their conditions and feeling isolated while recovering at home, she said.
“These girls had been cycled through the medical community and kind of spit out,” Snedaker said. “What totally got me were these women who were isolated and alone.”
Snedaker said she suffered her concussions in a series of accidents, but has been lucky not to develop permanent symptoms. Other sources of her concussions include a car accident in college, being hit by a lacrosse ball, hitting her head on a door frame and slamming her head against a wall while flopping onto a bed, she said.
“These are all total screw-up accidents,” she said.
Her son's concussions, suffered in soccer, skateboarding and lacrosse, spurred her to research head injuries, contact experts and attend medical conferences. She went on to start support groups and educational websites, as well as co-found and work in concussion clinics. It was in the clinics where she began to hear the girls' stories.
She has pledged to donate her brain to medical researchers when she dies.
“It's adjusting attitudes,” she said. “It's educating women.”
This article passed through the Full-Text RSS service – if this is your content and you're reading it on someone else's site, please read the FAQ at fivefilters.org/content-only/faq.php#publishers.
Recommended article: The Guardian's Summary of Julian Assange's Interview Went Viral and Was Completely False.
CBC | Health News
WASHINGTON: US manufacturing and services firms expect to see a stronger economy and rising revenue into 2018, according to a semi-annual survey released on Monday (Dec 11).
The companies project no let down after 11 months of continuous growth, with the upbeat outlook across nearly all industries, the Institute of Supply Management's latest economic forecast showed.
"Manufacturing purchasing and supply executives expect to see growth in 2018. They are optimistic about their overall business prospects for the first half of 2018, with business continuing to expand through the second half of 2018," said Timothy R. Fiore, chair of the ISM Manufacturing Business Survey Committee.
Manufacturing revenues are expected to rise 7.8 per cent next year, with 70 per cent of firms projecting increased earnings, according to the survey. Only four per cent of companies expected business to worsen, while a quarter see no change.
In the dominant services sector, the outlook is slightly less rosy, with the average increase is expected to be six per cent, and 59 per cent of companies expecting business to improve. Just 10 per cent of firms expects business to decline, with one-third projecting no change.
However, well over 60 per cent of the firms in manufacturing and services report difficulty finding workers to fill open positions, according to the survey.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As a result 44 per cent of manufacturing firms, and 37 per cent of services companies reporting raising wages to attract employees.
Manufacturers expect employment will grow by 1.2 per cent next year, while labor and benefit costs are expected to increase an average of 2.1 per cent next year.
Service firms see employment rising 1.5 per cent, and wages and benefits increasing 2.6 per cent.
Capital expenditures, investment in plant and equipment, a major driver in the US economy, are expected to increase by 2.7 per cent in the manufacturing sector and by 3.8 per cent in the non-manufacturing sector.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Capital expenditures - investment in plant and equipment - a major driver of the US economy are expected to increase by 2.7 per cent in the manufacturing sector and by 3.8 per cent in the non-manufacturing sector.
The industries see only small increases in costs for materials, rising 2.2 per cent for the services sector and 1.8 per cent for manufacturing inputs, slightly less than in 2017.
Mon, Jan 2: Professional dietitian Janna Boloten talks to Global's Paola Samuel about setting smart goals for 2017 that could help you achieve a better and healthier life.
Two out of every 1,000 children in the U.S. are born hard of hearing or totally deaf.
For some, cochlear implants help bridge the communication gap between themselves and the hearing world.
In Healthy Living, Michelle Dunaway brings us the high-tech system to understand more about language skills and these young learners.
Professor Houston says he hopes the research will soon be extended to children with ADHD and autism.
- Advertisement -
Ogun State Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Mr. Bimbo Ashiru, on Monday said that the ministry had put in place machinery to generate N4 billion in revenue next year.
Ashiru said this while defending the ministry's 2018 budget proposal at the Ogun House of Assembly in Abeokuta.
The commissioner explained that the amount proposed by the ministry was achievable, saying the ministry had mapped out strategies to block all leakages in revenue collection.
He said that the ministry had proposed to generate N200million from registration of trade and artisans in the state while N3 billion would be generated from haulage.
“The ministry intends to intensify efforts on monitoring and enforcement for effective collections of haulage fee across the state.
“There are over 24,000 business premises payers in the state. The sum of N300 million is budgeted to be generated from registration and renewal of business premises.
- Advertisement -
“N500 million will be generated from inspection of quarries, monitoring of activities of quarry operators, regulation of illegal mining in the state and collection of surface rent,'' he said.
Ashiru also said that the ministry had proposed to spend the sum N740 million on capital expenditure while N420million had been earmarked for recurrent expenditure.
Defending the budget of his ministry, Mr Muyiwa Oladipo, the Commissioner for Culture and Tourism, said that the ministry had earmarked N2.6 billion as its total expenditure for 2018.
Oladipo explained that the ministry had also proposed to put in place a museum in each of the three senatorial districts in the state. “There is no museum in Ogun East. We intend having one to be called `Museum of Cultural Heritage and Data'.
“The likes of Ogunde museum will complement that of the state,'' he said.
Declaring the budget defence open, Deputy Speaker, Mr Olakunle Oluomo, said the exercise was not meant to witchhunt any Ministry, Department or Agency, but part of the constitutional duties of the house.
A man suffered “catastrophic” injuries to both hands from mishandling illegal fireworks Tuesday night, Anne Arundel County fire officials reported.
At 9:17 p.m. firefighters responded to a report of a person injured by fireworks in the 8300 block of Elvaton Road in Millersville.
There they found a 21-year-old man with serious injuries and took him to the Curtis National Hand Center at Medstar Union Memorial Hospital with critical, but not believed life-threatening, injuries.
Investigators from the county Fire and Explosives Investigation Unit found that the injured person was attending a large outdoor party where illegal fireworks, purchased in Pennsylvania, were set off, officials said.
Investigators concluded the victim held a mortar tube in his hand and dropped a lit mortar into the tube with the other hand. The mortar was upside down, and the explosion within the tube caused injuries to both of his hands. There were no other injuries, and no criminal charges were filed, the department said.
This is the second consecutive year in Anne Arundel County where individuals have required hospital treatment for fireworks injuries around the Independence Day holiday.
On July Fourth of last year, fire investigators responded to two cases involving fireworks, but the injuries were not as severe as last night's incident, the fire department said.
The possession and discharge of fireworks without a permit is illegal in Anne Arundel County.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio- This Friday is the first of the month which means the Art Walk will be happening downtown, a time for the public to see all kinds of art and walk through studios and galleries.
For artist Valtinen Kari, that gallery is his home. Also called “The Sanctuary” this gallery is finally opening for Kari to display and sell his art. Described as unique Gothic, steampunk and alternative, Kari said his art just comes to him and there is so much to offer.
“I do what dictates itself to me, I look at things and I say oh I could do something with that,” Kari said. “We do everything. So you can find bone art and wands and jewlery and house decor.”
Kari said his work represents an organic nature of death, and that he wants to make the darkness more approachable and sympathetic while letting people pull their own feelings from the art.
“I don't like to dictate what people feel,” Kari said, “I feel people are going to look at art and by the definition of art people are going to have a reaction I don't want to limit what their reaction is I don't want to guide what their reaction is.”
The Sanctuary will be open on Friday during the Art Walk from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. and will be offering food and refreshments. For more information about Kari or the Art Walk, visit the links below.
Art Walk: http://www.artcoz.org/first-friday-art-walk.html
The Sanctuary: https://www.facebook.com/thesanctuaryreikistudioandartgallery/
Valtenin Kari: https://www.facebook.com/GraveGlamour/
Two men were arrested in a video piracy at a Linthicum movie theater Friday evening, where police say they were illegally recording a showing of "The Fate of the Furious."
Anne Arundel County Police said they arrived at the Hoyts Movie Theater at 1591 West Nursery Road at 7:29 p.m. Friday evening, where they met with an investigator from the Motion Picture Association of America, a trade association which represents members of the motion picture, home video and television industry, according to its website.
The investigator said he had followed the men into the theater from the parking lot, where he saw both with cameras and recording equipment. The men went into theater 9, where "The Fate of the Furious" was playing, and the investigator said he saw the men illegally recording the movie.
The two were then detained by Anne Arundel police officers.
The men, Troy Montgomery Cornish, 38, of Baltimore, and Floyd Lee Buchanan, 35, of Dundalk, were charged with Recording/Unauthorized Movie Theater, for recording the movie inside the theater without authorization. The theater's manager confirmed that he did not give the suspects permission to record the movie.
According to a charging document, the men face one year in prison and/or a $2,500 fine if convicted.
According to police, both suspects had harnesses under their shirts which held cell phones, which police said were actively recording at the time of arrest.
The association investigator said Buchanan was known to him. The harnesses and phones were seized as evidence.
Egypt has welcomed a US designation of two militant groups targeting Egyptian security and public figures as “terrorist” groups.
The US State Department labeled the Hasm movement and Liwaa el-Thawra as “Specially Designated Global Terrorist” groups on Wednesday, which blocks any assets they may have in US jurisdictions and bars Americans from making financial transactions with them.
Egypt's Foreign Ministry said on Thursday the move is “a positive development” and “a practical display of solidarity with Egypt against terrorism.”
Egyptian authorities believe they are splinter factions of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist organisation that Egypt has outlawed since 2013. The US says some leaders of the two groups were previously associated with the Brotherhood.
Militant attacks have surged since the military's 2013 ouster of President Mohammed Morsi, a senior Brotherhood figure.
Crowds watching a Good Friday procession in Hastings were given a shock when the actor playing Jesus fell and dropped the cross through a window.
James Taylor was one of up to 75 people watching the procession, which starts at St Clements Church and finishes at All Saints Church in the Old Town.
‘Jesus' was stumbling under the weight of the cross in character, when, about halfway through the procession, he reached ‘quite a narrow pavement', Mr Taylor said.
The 37-year-old, from Brighton, said: “As he fell, the cross was too large for the thin pavement and one end went through the window.”
There was ‘a gasp across the crowd', he said, and for a moment he was worried that the actor has been injured.
But, seemingly unharmed, Jesus and the Romans stayed in character and continued on their way.
“It was quite amusing,” said Mr Taylor, who had come with his wife and son to visit his sister and her fiancé in Hastings.
Fortunately, the window seemed to have already been fixed by the end of the day, he said.
“Someone was on the ball with it!” he said.
The annual procession re-enacts the Stations of the Cross and passes through the Old Town, back to the High Street and to St Mary Star of the Sea, before finishing at All Saints Church.
Kevin Boorman, who played a Roman soldier in the annual procession, said the cross accidentally broke the window at a house in High Street as the procession wound its way through the Old Town.
He added: “We were quite concerned at the time when it happened.
“One of the other people involved in the procession is a handyman and returned to the house on Saturday morning (April 15) to repair the window.
“We secured it and made it safe immediately after it was broken and repaired it within 24 hours.
“This was totally unexpected. The cross had been dropped on the ground as it's supposed to be but it bounced off the ground so one of its arms went through the window.”
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage at www.hastingsobserver.co.uk/ 2) Like our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/hastingsobserver
3) Follow us on Twitter @HastingsObs
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
The Hastings Observer - always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
WASHINGTON: On his first trip as U.S defence secretary to parts of the Middle East and Africa, Jim Mattis will focus on the fight against Islamic State and articulating President Donald Trump's policy toward Syria, officials and experts say.His trip may give clarity to adversaries and allies alike about the Trump administration's tactics in the fight against Islamic State militants and its willingness to use military power more liberally than former President Barack Obama did.
One of the main questions from allies about Syria are whether Washington has formulated a strategy to prevent areas seized from militants from collapsing into ethnic and sectarian feuds or succumbing to a new generation of extremism, as parts of Iraq and Afghanistan have done since the U.S. invaded them.
U.S.-backed forces are fighting to retake the Islamic State strongholds of Mosul in Iraq and Raqqa in Syria, and questions remain about what will happen after that and what role other allies such as Saudi Arabia, can play. There are signs that Trump has given the U.S. military more latitude to use force, including ordering a cruise missile strike against a Syrian air base and cheering the unprecedented use of a monster bomb against an Islamic State target in Afghanistan last week.Administration officials said the U.S. strategy in Syria - to defeat Islamic State while still calling for the removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad - is unchanged, a message Mattis is expected to reinforce.
Arriving in the region on Tuesday, his stops include Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Qatar and Israel.
"Particularly with the Saudis and the Israelis, part of the discussion will be clarifying for them what our strategy is towards Syria in light of the strike," said Christine Wormuth, a former number three at the Pentagon.
Islamic State has lost most of the territory it has held in Iraq since 2014, controlling about 6.8 percent of the nation.
DEEPER INTO YEMEN
The United States also is considering deepening its role in Yemen's conflict by more directly aiding its Gulf allies that are battling Houthi rebels who have some Iranian support, officials say, potentially relaxing a U.S. policy that limited American support.
"The Saudi concern is strategically Iran... The near-term Saudi concern is how they send a message to the Iranians in Yemen, and they would like full-throated American support," said Jon Alterman, head of the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank in Washington.
The review of possible new U.S. assistance, which includes intelligence support, would come amid evidence that Iran is sending advanced weapons and military advisers to the Houthis.
Congressional sources say the Trump administration is on the verge of notifying Congress of the proposed sale of precision-guided munitions to Saudi Arabia. Some U.S. lawmakers have expressed concern about civilian casualties in Riyadh's campaign in Yemen.
Experts say Egyptian officials are likely to seek more support from Mattis, a retired Marine general, for fighting militants in the country's Sinai peninsula.
Islamic State has waged a low-level war against soldiers and police in the Sinai for years, but increasingly is targeting Christians and broadening its reach to Egypt's heart.
"They would also like more American support in fighting terrorism in the Sinai peninsula and they like more American confidence that they are doing it the right way," said Alterman.
Mattis also will be visiting a U.S. military base in Djibouti, at the southern entrance to the Red Sea, where operations in Yemen and Somalia are staged, and just miles from a new Chinese installation.
The White House recently granted the U.S. military broader authority to carry out strikes against al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants in Somalia.
Last week the Pentagon announced that a few dozen U.S. troops had been deployed to Somalia to train members of the Somali National Army.
(Editing by John Walcott and Alistair Bell)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Speculators' net bearish bets on U.S. 10-year Treasury note futures rose to their highest in nearly 11 months in earlier this week when 10-year yield was on its way to hit a four-year peak, according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday. The amount of speculators' bearish, or short, positions in 10-year Treasury futures exceeded bullish, or long, positions by 215,600 contracts on 30 Jan 2018, according to the CFTC's latest Commitments of Traders data. This was the highest level of speculative net shorts in 10-year T-note futures since 298,514 on March 7, 2017. A week earlier, speculators held 117,877 net short positions in 10-year T-note futures. Below is a table of the speculative positions in Treasury futures on the Chicago Board of Trade and in Eurodollar futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange in the latest week: U.S. 2-year T-notes (Contracts of $200,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 405,884 415,984 Short 734,950 717,070 Net -329,066 -301,086 U.S. 5-year T-notes (Contracts of $100,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 631,711 612,262 Short 1,025,158 1,047,269 Net -393,447 -435,007 U.S. 10-year T-notes (Contracts of $100,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 671,251 680,153 Short 886,851 798,030 Net -215,600 -117,877 U.S. T-bonds (Contracts of $100,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 188,026 204,496 Short 134,627 148,765 Net 53,399 55,731 U.S. Ultra T-bonds (Contracts of $100,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 49,120 47,180 Short 187,171 186,427 Net -138,051 -139,247 Eurodollar (Contracts of $1,000,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 792,333 729,675 Short 3,717,236 3,569,594 Net -2,924,903 -2,839,919 Fed funds (Contracts of $1,000,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 202,361 181,408 Short 182,566 188,936 Net 19,795 -7,528 (Reporting by Richard Leong Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
A few weeks ago, Google announced that they will eventually be migrating your Google Drive subscription to the Google Play Store billing system, but didn't exactly give a timetable as to when this will happen. But now it looks like it has already started as some users are reporting that they're seeing the change in the system. While this change isn't really a big deal, it does help to streamline all your subscriptions into just one place, if you've always wanted that to happen.
It actually makes perfect sense for Google to do this since the Google Storage page is only for the shared storage subscription. But all your other subscriptions to any games or apps are billed through your Google Play Store account. You will continue to be able to get customer support through the help center and the subscription prices and tiers remain the same. It also won't change any access to files or basically anything, except for where you will be billed and where you can manage this subscription.
Google sent the email a couple of weeks ago to those who have a Google Drive subscription. In it they also state that the management of the subscription will be governed by the Google Play Terms of Service. But the Google Drive Terms of Service will remain the same and you don't need to do anything or accept anything while this change happens.
So if you're excited to have all your billings under just one digital roof, you can check your Google Play account page and see if that change has already rolled out to you.
VIA: Reddit
Tom Reed and Encanto at the 2017 USPRE Week
Photo © Lily Forado
USPRE Breeding News
Every year, during the third week of Adequan Global Dressage Festival in Wellington, USPRE Week holds its week. This year the event took place during 24 - 29 January 2017. A week full of activities dedicated to the PRE-which purpose is to promote this breed in the United States.
The first activity scheduled on Tuesday night was a welcome cocktail for USPRE members at the White Horse Tavern. Among those present were Janne Rumbough, Emilie Laval, Patrick Roggenbau, Kimberly Van Kampen, William Taylor, Tanya Duffey, Carmen Franco, Miguel Coves, Rebecca Kelly, Jeanne Noel Sheeley and many others.
Continuing with the agenda, two activities were held on Wednesday morning. The first one was a seminar about the PRE Handbook. Tanya Duffey, executive director of USPRE, answered questions about inscriptions and revisions. The second activity was a round table hosted by representatives from the Breeder Executive Committee. Bill Taylor (USPRE Board Member and Breeder of Xavier Farms), Miguel Nuñez (Vice-President of USPRE and Breeder of Yeguada Miguel Nuñez), Lucinda Striker (PRE Horse Handler) and Debra C. Phelon (USPRE Board Member and Breeder of Solitude Andalusians LLC) participated in the panel. The debate revolved around two central themes; the American Market and Sport. The attendees gave their perspectives which concluded emphasizing the importance of focusing the sales of the PRE in the sport.
On Wednesday night was the big event of the week; which is the USPRE Party. The theme in this edition was Gran Prix. With a plenty occupancy in the Adequan Global Dressage tent, about 800 people, among the guests were Mr. Juan Tirado and Mr. Manolo González, President of ANCCE and Executive Secretary of ANCCE respectively. Under the lights of the Stadium, the first exhibition of the night was “el taconeo” of the shoes and the movement of the Spanish fan with the rhythm of the music, Xavier Garcia, the singer of Opera, sang the famous song of IL TROBADOR next to flamenco “bailaoras”. Around this performance, a total of nine PRE-stallions (Abanico XVIII BRH, Vaquero HGF, Grandioso III, Conocido HGF, Presumido CV, Bolero CXLVIII, Charmas, Legend and Encanto IX) paraded showing their beauty, majesty and nobility that characterizes this bred. Tom Reed and Sebastián Bastida, the handlers, presented Encanto XI and Grandioso HGF by hand.
Throughout the night, the public witnessed several dressage exhibitions, the first one was Nicolas Fyffe along with Grandioso III's son, Fiero HGF, the young American Kerrigan Gluch with HGF Brio among others. One of the highlights of the night was the dressage PRE mares, starting with Maria Lithander on Barbara XXXIV who performed a Freestyle with the music of Wings by Little Mix. Subsequently, a total of four mares were in the arena showing their gaits. With a total of seven acts, Pas de Deux Black and White composed by Emily Copeland with Folero and Elena Schiefele with Baroco HGF highlighted the contrast of the plurality of the PRE color coats. Last but not least, the experienced Janne Rumbough perfomed the last exhibition with Armas Zumbel. The following act was a set of riders who closed the USPRE Party night with a final ride; Nicole Pelfresne with Lentisco, Sophia Schults with Idolo Americano, Wendy Inch with Presumido CIV, Emilie Laval with Abanico XVIII BRH, Jaime Amian with Legend, Linda Swande with Flamenco YM, Amina Bursese with Fiti AL, Diego Gonzalez with Mejicano CIII, Gee Wierichs with Ruidoso BOT and Maria Lithander with Iluso. The dinner was provided by Chef Frederic Boyer, who once again prepared his menu based on Spanish traditions, such as Paella, Russian salad, Iberian ham and the famous drink, Sangria which flew away.
On Thursday, during the GPS lunch break, Federico Leon Nieto, veterinarian of Grandioso III, held a seminar. The activity focused on the concerns that a vet may have with a high level competition PRE. He explained the possible solutions from a preventive and therapeutic way. At dawn, USPRE members gathered for an elegant dinner at the Palm Beach International Polo Club. The dinner brought together more than 70 members. Juan Tirado gave a brief speech highlighting the great work that USPRE does in promoting the breed in the United States. Once the dinner was over, special prizes were awarded and presented to its members. The awards included member of the Year, Breeder of the Year, Equestrian of the Year, Horse and Rider of the Year, Mare of the Year, Stallion of the Year and Functionality Award. The award winners will be published soon on the usprea.com website.
On Friday, Sebastián Bastida and Doina Fischer were hosts for two seminars. At 9:00 AM, at the premises of Hampton Green Farm, Doina Fisher and Carmen Franco gave a theoretical lesson on Working Equitation, an equestrian discipline of Iberian horses that is breaking the American circuit. Once the theory section was over, Doina Fisher demostrated several exercises with obstacles to forty-five attendees. At the same time, at MTICA Farm, the experienced Sebastián Bastida, famous handler with multiple awards, explained the most important points to present a horse to a TRC. These included neck position, perfect squared stop, over track of the stride on both gaits (walk and trot) and the straightness among others.
USPRE from the beginning has been one of the founding sponsors of Adequan Global Dressage Festival. As a weekly sponsor of the AGDF 3, (Grand Prix and Freestyle events), during the break on Friday night, a farewell was dedicated to Grandioso III. José Daniel Martin Dockx delighted the audience with his freestyle. The winner of the freestyle “Under the Lights” was the Olympic rider Laura Graves along with Verdades with an average of 80.728%. As a great novelty, the last activity scheduled for the week, was a Grand Prix master class given by José Daniel Martín Dockx along Grand Prix horse Bolero CLXVII. The master class was given during the break of Grand Prix Special in AGDF on Saturday.
This edition of USPRE Week brought together a lot of PRE lovers. A magical week where the beauty, strength, quality and nobility of these magnificent horses has been the epicenter of the equestrian capital by excellence.
Check out a gallery of photos of the 2017 USPRE week here.
Photos © Lily Forado
Related Links
Get PRE Ready for the 2017 USPRE Week
USPRE Announces 2016 Copa USPRE Winners and 2017 USPRE Dressage Team
Katie Hoefs-Martin and Barbro Ask-Upmark are the 2016 USPRE CA High Point Grand Champions
PLAINS TWP. — While potato pancakes sizzled nearby, Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center patient Robert Moore enjoyed some time outside, eating lunch in the sun.
“It's a beautiful day,” he said.
Moore, a Vietnam War veteran, attended the VA's annual Inpatient Carnival outside the facility on Sunday afternoon, surrounded by food and tables from local organizations aimed at serving veterans.
“I'm getting to thank the people here that do so much for us all day long,” he said. “They always thank me for my service — I tell them it was my honor to serve.”
Deb Schlosser, Chief of Voluntary Service at the VA, said the 52-year-old Inpatient Carnival is one of the hospital's most-anticipated recreational events every year.
“It's very uplifting for the patients,” she said. “They feel appreciated and it lifts their spirits.”
Schlosser said 20 organizations sponsored the carnival this year.
Ann Edwards of Duryea came with the American Legion Auxilliary to support the carnvial. As hospital representative for the group, she organizes bingo nights at the VA for the patients.
“We sponsor two bingos a month,” she said. “We're here all the time.”
She said the bingo nights and Sunday's carnival give her a chance to give back to local veterans.
Contact the writer:
sscinto@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2048, @sscintoCV
Malls adopt ‘open-close late' scheme
0 SHARES Share Tweet
By: Anna Liza Villas-Alavaren
Shopping malls in Metro Manila will adopt the so-called “open-close late” scheme that sets their operating hours at 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. starting October 15 to help ease traffic during the holidays.
Jojo Garcia, Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) assistant general manager for planning, said they hope to reduce at least 3,200 vehicles heading to malls during rush hour morning along Epifanio delos Santos Avenue.
“An average of 200 vehicles is lining up each mall every day by 9 am. In eight malls alone, we can remove 1,600 vehicles off the road during rush hour morning,” said Garcia, after meeting with mall operators on Friday morning.
There are 25 shopping malls on major roads in Metro Manila, 16 are located along Edsa alone.
Major traffic contributors are located in Quezon City Central Business District, Makati Central Business District, and Pasig Central Business District. Currently, mall operates from10 a.m. to 9 p.m. or 10 p.m.
“Shoppers have started trooping malls this month,” said Garcia, expressing optimism they can somehow ease travel time of motorists going to their workplaces.
Also, mall-wide sale events would be limited to Saturdays and Sundays.
Related
comments
CEBU Gov. Hilario Davide III's running mate in next year's elections will come from the north, Cebu Vice Gov. Agnes Magpale said yesterday.
Magpale, who declined reelection and announced her retirement from politics after her second term ends next year, said she and other administration allies discussed it with the governor but she refused to give details.
“Dili lang ko mosulti (I will not tell, it will be a), surprise,” Magpale said.
Davide said nothing final had been decided on his choice of running mate.
Barely three months left before the filing of the Certificate of Candidacies (COCs), in October, the names of Tuburan Mayor Democrito Diamante and Carmen Remedios Durano-Meca were floated.
Meca chairs the Cebu Provincial Anti-Drug Abuse Office (CPADAO).
But Diamante, president of the League of Municipalities of the Philippines (LMP)-Cebu Chapter, said he prefers to run either for Congress or for vice mayor of Tuburan town.
Meca also said she has no plans to run for higher office.
HOW many people get divorced? And what are the main reasons people break up?
GETTY DIVORCE: The main reason people split up is "different life goals"
In 2016 106,959 opposite sex couples divorced in England and Wales, according to the Office for National Statistics. There are many reasons relationships break down, but a recent survey has revealed the top 10 reasons women divorce their husbands. Having different goals in life ranked as the most popular cause of splits in the UK, according to the poll by Next Love.
The wealthy widow who's had affairs with more than 100 men Sexy ex-model Gweneth Lee uses the IllicitEncounters.com. website to arrange affairs 1 / 12 Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd Gweneth joined the IllicitEncounters.com dating website ten years ago
Infidelity came second, followed by non-stop arguing and a lack of intimacy. Mental illness was the fifth most common reason with 5.6% of women saying it caused their marriage broke down. Misconduct, which includes unacceptable emotional, physical or financial behaviour, came in sixth place.
While boredom was the seventh most common reason with 4.2% of people stating it as the reason their relationship didn't work out long-term. This was followed by physical abuse, household problems and money problems. A whopping 43,000 women took part in the study conducted by one of the biggest dating websites for divorcee single parents.
GETTY CHEAT: Infidelity is the second most common reason women leave their husbands
NextLove CEO Sigurd Vedal said: "This lack of common interests in a long-term life together may also lead to the second reason on the list. "While infidelity might sometimes be an effective way to save some marriages, it can also be responsible for breaking up many others. "In fact, 29.2 per cent of the women polled stated adultery as the reason for leaving their marriages."
11 ways to tell your partner is cheating on you How to spot a cheat: Expert reveals the tell-tale signs that you're being deceived 1 / 11 Getty Images People around you are suspicious. If you've been warned by friends or family that your partner is cheating, there's a huge possibility that they are playing away.
REUTERS: Olympic gold medallist Lindsey Vonn is warning young athletes in next year's Pyeongchang winter Olympic Games not to underestimate the older competitors.
Vonn, who won gold in the downhill skiing at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, broke a bone in her arm last year but is training hard for Pyeongchang. She missed the Olympic Games in Sochi through injury.
"I have been anxiously awaiting these Olympic for the last eight years. I have been training especially hard this summer, you know really trying to make sure I don't miss anything from my diet to my travel and of course my workouts, my skiing, everything I have done has been in preparation for these Olympics so right now I am trying to stay healthy going in," she said.
"So far it's not going very well but I feel that I am saving all of my luck for February and hopefully everything will work out how it is supposed to."
Acting as ambassador for the 2020 Youth Olympic Games, Vonn met younger athletes, aged 14 to 18, in Lausanne on Sunday.
She said that young competitors at the Olympic Games should know the older athletes knew how to handle the pressure and had more experience of the sport.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Most of the time younger athletes, I mean I was the same, underestimate the older athletes but the one thing I have is experience. I know how to handle the pressure and I just know a lot about the sport."
Vonn has four World Cup overall titles in addition to gold and bronze Olympic medals.
She said the Olympic spirit was very important to her and she thought it was a great experience for the young athletes to meet others from different countries and cultures. She is taking the role of ambassador for the Youth Olympic Games for the third time.
"Well I think the Olympic spirit is something very important and I wish that I had had these Olympic Games when I was growing up. I think it is a great experience for the kids to meet other kids from different countries, different cultures. There is so much learning involved with all of these Olympic Games programmes and I think it is very important. So I am proud to be an ambassador and I think Lausanne 2020 is going to be amazing."
The meeting took place in St Moritz where luge, skeleton, bobsled and speed skating events for the Youth Games will be held.
Getty Images
The Eagles are in. Will the Panthers, Jaguars and/or Chargers join them?
All four of those teams finished in last place in 2016. If all four win their divisions this season, it would set a record for the most worst-to-first teams in NFL history.
In both 2005 and 2006, three teams went from worst-to-first. The Bears, Giants and Bucs accomplished it in 2005 and the Ravens, Saints and Eagles did it the following year.
After winning the NFC East, the Eagles ensure at least one 2016 cellar-dweller makes the postseason. In 14 of the past 15 seasons, at least one team won its division the season after finishing in last place.
Another streak seems certain to continue this season, too. In each season since the 12-team playoff format was instituted in 1990, at least four teams have qualified for the playoffs after missing the playoffs the previous season.
Say this about Marc Bergevin: By ripping the guts out of his Montreal Canadiens, he's showing plenty of them himself.
But does being bold — at least in the past year — necessarily equate to making the smartest moves?
We're about to find out.
Consider this.
In less than eight months, Bergevin has made two huge moves.
First, he traded away P.K. Subban, a former Norris Trophy winner who was embraced by the community for, among other things, pledging to donate $10 million to the Montreal Childrens Hospital.
Then on Tuesday he fired coach Michel Therrien, who is said to have supported the Subban deal in order to change the culture inside the Habs dressing room, and replaced him with former Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien who, like Therrien, will be behind the Montreal bench for a second stint.
These are the type of storylines you'd expect to find in the pages of a Hollywood script. Instead, they are being authored out of the Montreal office of a general manager who now has the spotlight squarely on his shoulders.
No longer can Subban's huge personality be blamed for the Habs' shortcomings. Nor can disgruntled fans point to Therrien's conservative ways as the reason for the team not reaching its potential.
This is now on Bergevin.
Sink or swim. No more excuses.
Admittedly, the savvy Bergevin could not have predicted that all-world goalie Carey Price would be mired in a slump, one that is reflected in a Canadiens swoon that has seen them lose six of their past seven games.
Nevertheless, when you pull the trigger on the type of franchise-altering decisions that significantly move the seismic needle of the NHL landscape such as these two have, the statement you are making is clear: The window to win is now.
As such, Bergevin becomes the man on the hottest seat in all of La Belle Province, even with his team still on top of the Atlantic Division with 70 points. And, apparently, he knows it.
To that end, within a couple of hours of the Habs announcing the hiring of Julien, a number of NHL executives told Postmedia that they expect Bergevin to be quite active in the two weeks leading up to the March 1 trade deadline. Much of the speculation revolves around forwards Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche and Martin Hanzal of the Arizona Coyotes, although the asking price for both is said to be quite steep.
How the final two months of the season play out — and what moves, if any, the Habs GM makes to augment his roster — could very well dictate what Bergevin's future holds with the Canadiens.
Of course, the players need to absorb part of the blame here, too.
During the summer of 2016, there were rumblings out of Montreal that the team's leadership core was growing tired of Subban's flamboyant ways and welcomed the leadership that Shea Weber was bringing from Nashville.
Then, on Tuesday, came speculation out of Habs Land that that same group of players perhaps had grown weary of Therrien's tactics and thirsted for change.
Are we to believe that Subban and Therrien were the sole reasons for the Canadiens underachieving? Of course not.
That leaves the question to be asked: Are the inmates running the asylum here?
And, to that end, at what point do the guys lacing up the blades become accountable?
Whether you agree with Bergevin's moves or not, he hasn't been shy in making waves. If they don't work, Bergevin might be the one waving goodbye.
Having said that, the fact that the Bruins dismissed Julien just eight days earlier likely accelerated Therrien's departure. The chance to scoop up a Stanley Cup-winning coach like Julien, who is familiar with the rigours of coaching the Canadiens, probably was too delicious an opportunity to ignore.
“Claude Julien is an experienced and well respected coach with a good knowledge of the Montreal market,” Bergevin said in a released statement. “Claude has been very successful as an NHL coach and he won the Stanley Cup. Today we hired the best available coach, and one of the league's best. I am convinced that he has the capabilities to get our team back on the winning track.”
Perhaps the most headscratching aspect of this coaching move involves the Bruins.
When Boston defeated the Canadiens 4-0 on Sunday, it marked Therrien's final game behind the Canadiens bench. In the wake of the loss, the Habs asked permission from the Bruins to talk to Julien.
Why would the Bruins even consider doing that?
Why, oh why, would you grant your most bitter historical rivals — the Canadiens — the opportunity to scoop up one of the most respected bench bosses in the game, a proud man who will want to crush you for firing him just one week earlier?
Sure, Bruins president Cam Neely hasn't seen eye to eye with Julien in the past dating back to 2010 when then-GM Peter Chiarelli refused the suggestion of upper management to fire the coach. Even so, allowing Julien, a man who certainly has an axe to grind with the Boston hierarchy, to go to your biggest enemy is a questionable decision.
Back in 2003, the Habs fired Therrien and replaced him with Julien. On Tuesday, history repeated itself.
“I came to the conclusion that our team needed a new energy, a new voice, a new direction,” Bergevin said.
If Bergevin's decisions don't work out, ownership one day might be seeking a “new direction” — one that doesn't include him.
mzeisberger@postmedia.com
twitter.com/zeisberger
The Spain national team captain was blasted by the Kop after his collision with Salah in the first half of the Champions League final left the Egyptian with a dislocated shoulder.
Reds supporters were so furious at the foul that a petition calling for Ramos to be punished has been signed more than 500,000 times.
So the sight of the 32-year-old dancing and singing awkwardly in a World Cup music video was all Liverpool fans needed to mock him.
The footage – posted to Ramos' Instagram – shows him belting out a tune alongside Spanish singer Demarco Flamenco.
“Come on Spain, raise your voice!” the pair sing.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Right-hander Kendall Graveman has been placed on the 10-day disabled list by the Oakland Athletics with a strained right shoulder.
Graveman started opening day in place of the injured Sonny Gray and began the season 2-0 with a 2.00 ERA in his first three starts. But he exited after just five innings and 74 pitches Friday against Houston, and manager Bob Melvin said afterward the pitcher couldn't get loose. Both Melvin and Graveman expected he would make his next start.
Instead, it's yet another key player down for the injury-plagued A's.
Oakland recalled catcher Bruce Maxwell from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to take Graveman's roster spot.
The's were set to begin a series at home with Texas on Monday night after the series finale against the Astros was rained out Sunday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (WIVB) – If you're handy with a shovel, New Era Field needs your help- again.
The Buffalo Bills are looking for snow shovelers ahead of this weekend's Buffalo-Miami home game.
The @buffalobills need snow shovelers to help prepare @newerafield for Bills-Dolphins this weekend. pic.twitter.com/Vh9zJTQlgy — Buffalo Bills PR (@BuffaloBillsPR) December 12, 2017
Shovelers can show up at New Era Field starting at 9 a.m. Tuesday and may register to work anytime between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. The pay rate is $11 and lunch and dinner breaks in a warming area will be provided.
Those who work a four-hour shift or longer will be given a complimentary Bills ticket, and those who work multiple four-hour shifts will receive two tickets.
Shovelers should be 18 and older, or under 18 with proper working papers. They are asked to dress appropriately for the weather and bring a snow shovel and proper ID.
Shovelers can enter off Abbott Road just north of the Team Store.
For more information, email jksnowevent2017@gmail.com.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A search by one of Scunthorpe's oldest pubs, The Lord Bobs, to host a party for drinkers who share the same name as the pub has now been extended to women.
Roberts, Bobs, Robbies and Bobbies with ID and photographs will be given two free pints on December 22.
The free beer offer will mark the relaunch of the 117-year-old hotel on Wells Street following a refurb.
Co-tenant Graham Matthews has also issued an invitation to women called Roberta or Bobbie to enjoy drinks on the house.
In another move The Bobs has put back opening times on Fridays and Saturdays from 9am until 10am.
U.S. movie studio Metro Goldwyn Mayer will replace its chief executive, Gary Barber, five months after extending his contract for five years and has begun a search for a new CEO, MGM Holdings Inc said on Monday.
REUTERS: U.S. movie studio Metro Goldwyn Mayer will replace its chief executive, Gary Barber, five months after extending his contract for five years and has begun a search for a new CEO, MGM Holdings Inc said on Monday.
MGM, which has been exploring its options for some time following its emergence from bankruptcy seven years ago, has formed an office of the CEO to oversee operations and facilitate its strategic initiatives.
The office will report directly to the board and include a group of divisional heads and senior executives.
The members of the temporary office will include former executives from Pixar, CBS, Viacom and Google Ventures.
MGM Holdings Inc is the holding company for Metro Goldwyn Mayer Inc and the company did not cite any reason for ending Barber's contract.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, a producer and distributor of film and television content, is famous for classics such as James Bond, Rocky and others. MGM also co-produces and distributes television shows such as "Teen Wolf" on MTV, "Vikings" on A&E and "Fargo" on FX.
Advertisement
Advertisement
MGM said last year it would buy the 81 percent stake in U.S. channel Epix it did not already own from Viacom Inc and Lionsgate Entertainment Corp for about US$1 billion.
(Reporting by Rishika Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
Small surgery, big reward
Dr Ashish Agar, Glen Burgess, Beryl Thomas, and Dr Andre Nel just before preparing for Beryl's eye surgery. PICTURE: Kara de Groot Dr Ashish Agar, Glen Burgess, Beryl Thomas, and Dr Andre Nel just before preparing for Beryl's eye surgery. PICTURE: Kara de Groot
By Kara de Groot
For the first time, four Broken Hill residents have had a specific eye surgery at the Broken Hill Hospital rather than having to travel to Adelaide or further.
Dr Ashish Agar visited the city yesterday to perform ‘minimally invasive glaucoma surgery' (MIGS). This had not been done outside of a major city before.
“Glaucoma's the number one cause of irreversible blindness in Australia so it's a very big issue, and until now we've had limited options to treat many of the patients suffering from it,” Dr Agar said.
Please log in to read the whole article.
Justin Turner's three-run home run and Yasiel Puig's double in the first has given the Dodgers a lead early in the game. A.J. Pollock's homer in the third is Arizona's only hit of the game.
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers, including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough.
1.4K
Twin City BMC conducts raid on various Hotels and Restaurants in Bhubaneswar, seized stale foods
- Advertisement -
Newly-elected National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has told President Muhammadu Buhari and the Progressives Congress (APC) that they have until May 2019 to enjoy power at the centre.
Secondus, at the Eagle Square Abuja national convention, emerged leader of the opposition party that lost power in 2015 on the back of general discontentment and allegations of widespread corruption.
He said in his victory speech that a re-invigorated PDP would reclaim power from the ruling APC, which, the new PDP's National Publicity Secretary Kola Ologbondiyan, described as already “jittery.”
Secondus defeated other contestants, including former Minister of Education, Prof. Tunde Adeniran and Chairman, Daar Communications, Dr. Raymond Dokpesi at the PDP national convention held on Saturday in Abuja. His victory, however, angered a few party loyalists in the Southwest, who had insisted it was the turn of the region to produce the national chairman.
But the new chairman described the mandate given to him at the Abuja convention as “clear” and a directive “to return the party to power in 2019.”
According to him, the task has to be immediate, to save Nigeria from disintegration. “We are all witnesses to how the unity of this country has been shaken to its very foundation under the watch of the rudderless and clueless APC.
“We, therefore, have a gigantic task of retrieving this country from APC's clear lack of direction and confusion starting with the Presidency,” he said.
Secondus said steps would be taken to avoid repeating previous mistakes, and promised internal democracy in the PDP under his leadership. “No more imposition, no more impunity. Every member of this party can from this moment, consider him or herself an equal shareholder in our common destiny,” he assured.
He urged Nigerians, who left the party to “come back home.”
Governorship candidate of the Lagos State PDP in the 2015 election, Mr. Jimi Agbaje, who staged a last-minute step-down in the race, enjoined those unhappy with the outcome of the convention to look for a way forward in the interest of the party.
- Advertisement -
“Whatever might have happened during the convention was not enough reason for anybody, region or group to pull out from the party,” Agbaje said.
Agbaje explained that part of the factors that affected the party in the 2015 elections was the anger by the Southwest region that former President Goodluck Jonathan did very little for the zone in terms of appointments and building of infrastructure. Even in the 2015 elections that we lost to APC, the Southwest zone was able to garner 2.1 million votes for the PDP as against the 2.5 million votes that the ruling party had there. It is therefore a big catchment area for the party if it must win in 2019.”
Agbaje urged the new chairman of the PDP to begin the process of appeasing the zone by assuring it that something bigger would come to it, especially against the region's frustration with the APC.
Deputy National Chairman, Southwest zone, Dr. Eddy Olafeso in line with Agabje's position appealed to PDP members to act in unity.
He said: “The fact that Secondus from the South South won places a strong challenge on the Southwest to put its house in order and operate in unity. The zone lost the election basically due to internal crises.”
Meanwhile, the APC, in a statement by its national Publicity Secretary, Mallam Bolaji Abdullahi, described the PDP as a party that is yet to turn a new leaf since it was tossed out of power in the 2015 poll. “A leopard cannot change its spot,” Abdullahi said.
He continued: “The abnormalities that trailed the PDP National Convention have further exposed the PDP as a party not ready and willing to change. Indeed, the PDP has once again displayed itself to the generality of Nigerians that it is a party with corruption deeply rooted in its DNA.
“Again, it is tragic that the PDP which used to pride itself as the biggest political party in Africa has now been reduced to a regional party. By frustrating South West chairmanship candidates, it is unfortunate that the PDP has decided to punish the South West for not voting for the party in 2015.
“We urge members of the PDP that can pass the integrity test to join the APC so that we can together bring about the much-needed change the country deserves.”
Dr Amos Ujulu, Director of Disease Control Department (DCD), Adamawa State Primary Health Care Development Agency (ASPHCDA), says the state has recorded 1,564 cases of cholera this year.
Ujulu disclosed this during his presentation on the recent outbreak of cholera to the State Executive Council Meeting in Yola.
He said that over 100 communities were affected by the outbreak of cholera in the northern part of the state.
He listed the affected local government areas as Maiha, Mubi North and Mubi South, adding that the disease further spread to some parts of Cameroon bordering Nigeria.
According to him, the state had established a cholera emergency response secretariat in Maiha for quick response to its outbreak in the area.
Ajulu said that N22 million was required to check further spread of cholera, which has claimed 26 lives in the state.
He disclosed that 12 other international partners that have rendered intervention would withdraw in the coming week.
He urged the state government to render greater commitment to end the cholera outbreak as the disease could spread to other local government areas.
Responding, Mr Martins Babale, the Deputy Governor of the state, said that the state would boost water supply in the state, adding that the government is committed to hasten work on the development of the state water plant project.
He said that good sanitation and efficient water supply was the major solution to curtail the outbreak of cholera in the state.
He also said that the government would collaborate with various development partners to ensure that the state do not experience the scourge again.
NAN recalls that the cholera outbreak has claimed 26 lives in the state.
The Royal Thai Navy's Mekong patrol unit has seized 610 kilograms of “premium gold” quality marijuana, the unit's chief told a press conference on Monday.
Commander Adisak Phanurojanakarn said the marijuana was seized late on Friday night after the unit received tips-off that a trafficking ring would smuggle the drug across the Mekong River at Ban Chai Buri in Nakhon Phanom's Tha Uthen distirct.
Full story: The Nation
By The Nation
Swansea City midfielder Nathan Dyer said striker Wilfried Bony has had massive impact on the Premier League club since returning from a thigh injury last month.
REUTERS: Swansea City midfielder Nathan Dyer said striker Wilfried Bony has had massive impact on the Premier League club since returning from a thigh injury last month.
Bony has scored a goal in each of the club's last two league games, including the winner in the 1-0 win over West Bromwich Albion last Saturday which snapped a seven-game winless streak.
"He is still getting his fitness back but a fully fit Bony would be unstoppable," Dyer told the club's website. (www.swanseacity.com)
"He is a massive presence for us. His hold-up play is outstanding and we can get up the pitch a lot easier with him being there.
"We know if we put the right ball into the box then he will be attacking it ... if we keep feeding him and giving him half chances then he will take them."
Bony has also been captain in the last four league matches and Ki Sung-yueng paid tribute to the Ivorian's leadership qualities after his late goal lifted the Welsh side off the bottom of the table.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It was a big moment from a big player," the South Korean midfielder said.
"He is the captain and a big leader for this team. It has taken a little time because he has been injured, but now he has played more games he is starting to get confidence and score again."
Swansea host league leaders Manchester City at the Liberty Stadium on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos said on Tuesday that it was right that big companies are scrutinised and said his firm would respond to any new regulations by finding new ways to please its customers.
BERLIN: Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos said on Tuesday that it was right that big companies are scrutinised and said his firm would respond to any new regulations by finding new ways to please its customers.
Bezos was speaking in Berlin, where he was receiving an award from German media company Axel Springer . He was responding to how seriously he took recent criticism of Amazon by U.S. President Donald Trump.
"All large institutions should be scrutinised or examined," Bezos said. "It is not personal."
"We have a duty on behalf of society to help educate any regulators without cynicism or scepticism. We will work with any set of regulations that we are given... we will follow those rules and find a new way to delight customers."
Trump has said he would take a serious look at policies to address what he says are the unfair business advantages of Amazon, accusing the firm of not operating on a level playing field and not paying enough sales tax.
(Reporting by Emma Thomasson; Editing by Alexander Smith)
Advertisement
A princess, a former French spy, and a Finnish Woman are on board Nostromo, a US registered luxury yacht in the middle of the Indian Ocean. The yacht is getting close to Goa, India. The princess contacts an NGO in London and asks for help. She says she is S heikha Latifa Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum of Dubai the middle daughter of the ruler of Dubai, “I am the one skydiving, not to be mixed with the other two daughters, both also called Latifa!”
This story could be the stuff of the weirdest Hollywood thrillers, but it seems to be true and unfolding right now.
In a Video sent to Radha Stirling, the CEO of Detained in Dubai, she says she could not cope with all the restrictions imposed on her by her family and is escaping the “Golden cage” she lived in. Her aim is to get to India, take a flight to the United States and seek asylum. Helping her in her escape are a former French intelligent officer, Hervé Jaubert, and a friend, who later is confirmed to be a Finnish woman.
Since the first contact, the trio maintains frequent communication with Radha, until on Sunday the 4th of March 2018, when the story takes an even more thrilling turn. Hervé informs Detained in Dubai, that they were within 50 miles of Indian shore as of 11:00 GMT, with the plan to disembark and fly to the US from Mumbai. Seven hours later, a distress call is made from Sheikha Latifa to Radha Stirling. Latifa tells Radha that she was hiding with her friend, that men were outside, that she didn't know what was happening and that she was “hearing gunshots”. Then contact with the trio ceases immediately and permanently. This was two weeks ago and there is no trace of the three and the yacht since.
Detained in Dubai knew that in addition to Hervé, there was a third person; a friend on board the yacht, but her identity was unknown until today. It turned out the person in question is a 41-year-old Finnish woman called Tiina Johanna Jauhiainen who has now been reported missing by her family. All three have been officially reported as missing in France, the UK, the USA, India, Finland and the UAE.
According to the Jauhianen family, who has released a statement through Detained in Dubai, Tiina was a close friend of Sheikha Latifa Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum of Dubai, known for her skydiving, a sport that Tiina was also passionate about and they had bonded over the years, becoming close confidants.
Sheikha Latifa had confided in Tiina that she had been imprisoned and abused as a result of a prior escape attempt and, since her release, was working on a plan to flee the country. Tiina had in turn, told her family of the situation and Latifa's ideas to leave the country. The two friends found public figure and French ex-secret service agent Hervé Jaubert, who is famous for his book “Escape from Dubai”.
Tiina's family was contacted by Tiina from the yacht and they maintained communication with her. The last time Tiina was seen online was a few minutes before the distress call was made from Latifa to Radha.
“We have a US flagged yacht that has disappeared, a US/French national, a Finnish national and the daughter of the ruler of Dubai missing after reporting gunfire. We now have the daughter of the ruler of a country making serious allegations of criminal actions against her father.” States Radha Stirling of Detained in Dubai. “The UAE has such strong commercial, trade, media and diplomatic ties, that this incident is likely to have a snowballing effect on the political and economic stability.”
So far, Authorities in the UAE, Finland, and France have been silent.
Social media users are using hashtags #FindLatifa #FindHervé #WhereisLatifa? #WhereisHervé? #EscapefromDubai#WhereisNostromo? to source information and raise awareness. #WhereisTiina?
“Tiina left our small town for the world, first to London in 1997, later settling in Dubai. She had always wanted to see the world, and she cares very little for material wealth or possessions.” Says Tiina's brother Oku Jauhiainen in the family's statement released today. “Since 2001, Tiina has lived in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, working mainly in real estate and fitness industries. In mid-2000s Tiina became an avid enthusiast of capoeira, a Brazilian martial art. In 2010 the sport also connected Tiina with Sheikha Latifa Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum of Dubai when Tiina became her instructor and personal trainer. They became close friends, with a particular passion for skydiving. Sheikha Latifa referred to Tiina as “my angel” and “the only person I can talk to about anything”.
Jauhiainen's family's last contact with Tiina was on Saturday 3rd of March. They were contacted by a friend the next day and heard about the possible raid on the yacht. The family contacted the Finnish Police and Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and filed a missing persons report.
“We appeal to Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum as a father and to the Crown prince Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum as a brother, like us, to investigate this matter urgently, to contact Detained in Dubai and to make a public statement,” says Oku.
Since the incident, parties who had known the missing persons have confirmed their identity and last known location. Close friends have confirmed that the woman in the video is indeed Sheikha Latifa who explained that there are three Sheikha Latifa's and that she was the middle one known for skydiving, with the Instagram account latifa_1.
It has been reported to Escape from Dubai that UAE authorities have “rounded up at least ten people who were known to be in communication with Tiina after the duo went missing in late February”. Detained in Dubai is seeking further information on those who may currently be in CID custody.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland have confirmed to Detained in Dubai, that they are seeking any information that may assist their investigation and that the Finnish Embassy in Abu Dhabi is following the case.
Detained in Dubai is a UK based NGO specializing in helping foreigners who are detained in Dubai. Escape from Dubai was founded in response to this incident to act as a central information point.
HT
Photos: Detained in Dubai
Up to 50billion of the creepy-crawlies - just under 1,000 for every Brit - could invade homes across the nation.
Pest control experts at Rentokil say infestations have spiked 150% in two months.
A spokesman said: "Experts believe the rise could be attributed to the unseasonably warm start to the Spring - after Brits experienced record-breaking warm weather in April.
"Last month's period of clear skies and the hottest April day since 1949 may explain the surge in activity, as ants are typically more active in higher temperatures and colonies use sunlight to navigate."
Kolkata: The alleged diversion of water of Tsangpo-Bramhaputra river by China does not pose any threat to India, former army chief General (retired) Shankar Roy Chowdhury said.
Even if the charge is true, the river, which is the mighty Brahmaputra in India, has enough tributaries with adequate rainfall in catchment areas after coming down to the plains to bring in water to it, he said.
"Even if China diverts water of the river, India does not need to worry," Roy Chowdhury said at a symposium "India-China relations - Ways to resolve contentious issues".
China has denied reports that it is diverting water of Tsangpo to Xinjiang province.
Former national security adviser MK Narayanan, however, took a stronger view of the issue, saying China is trying to start a water war with India.
"China is actively considering a water war over the Brahmaputra," he said.
General Roy Chowdhury blamed the laziness and lack of on the part of the Indian economic sector for lagging behind the Chinese in the industrial and manufacturing front.
Referring to the dumping of Chinese goods in India, including even the Lord Ganesha idols, he said it is India's fault not to have pursued a three-pronged approach of "cooperate, compete and confront."
"It is the lazy and greedy Indian economic sector to blame, and not China. We should manufacture good quality products cheaper than China," he said.
He said "Made in China" products have overtaken India a long ago and asserted that the Indian manufacturing sector should be strengthened in order to compete with that country.
With the Asian economy outgrowing the western economy, focus has shifted from the USA and Europe to Asia and from the Atlantic to the Indian Ocean, Narayanan said.
"Rarely has the world seen the rise of two populations at one time and that too in the same region and the results have not been benign; China and India are competing on several counts - political, economic and military," Narayanan said.
Though the USA is at present their main adversary, the Chinese feel that the real challenge they will face will be from India, the former NSA said at the two-day symposium organised by the Research Centre for Eastern and North Eastern Regional Studies, a Kolkata-based think-tank, that ended on Saturday.
Former Indian Air Force chief Air Marshal (retired) Arup Raha said, to counter the Chinese threat of befriending our neighbours, India should engage more with these countries by selling them military hardware and also by holding joint military exercises, both bilateral and multi-lateral.
Police seek two Wanted Wednesday subjects
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Bryan Michael Willett Bryan Michael Willett Image 2 of 3 Lisa Marie Stark Lisa Marie Stark Image 3 of 3 Police seek two Wanted Wednesday subjects 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Midland Police are looking for man and woman wanted on a multiple-count felony warrants.
This week's Wanted Wednesday subject has been named as Bryan Michael Willett, 29. He is described as standing 5 feet 8 inches, weighing 165 pounds, with brown eyes and brown hair.
He is wanted for a six-count felony warrant listing charges of retail fraud and organized retail crime.
Still wanted is last week's subject, Lisa Marie Stark, also known as “Birdie,” age 34. She is described as standing 5 feet 5 inches, weighing 195 pounds, and having brown hair and brown eyes.
She is wanted on a warrant listing two counts of being an accessory after the fact to a felony.
Anyone who knows where Willett or Stark can be found is asked to call officers at 989-839-4713.
Monsanto Co will give cash back to U.S. farmers who buy a weed killer that has been linked to widespread crop damage, offering an incentive to apply its product even as regulators in several U.S. states weigh restrictions on its use.
CHICAGO: Monsanto Co will give cash back to U.S. farmers who buy a weed killer that has been linked to widespread crop damage, offering an incentive to apply its product even as regulators in several U.S. states weigh restrictions on its use.
The incentive to use XtendiMax with VaporGrip, a herbicide based on a chemical known as dicamba, could refund farmers over half the sticker price of the product in 2018 if they spray it on soybeans Monsanto engineered to resist the weed killer, according to company data.
The United States faced an agricultural crisis this year caused by new formulations of dicamba-based herbicides, which farmers and weed experts say harmed crops because they evaporated and drifted away from where they were sprayed.
Monsanto says XtendiMax is safe when properly applied. The company is banking on the chemical and soybean seeds engineered to resist it, called Xtend, to dominate soybean production in the United States, the world's second-largest exporter.
BASF SE and DowDuPont also sell versions of dicamba-based herbicides.
Monsanto's cash-back offer comes as federal and state regulators are requiring training for farmers who plan to spray dicamba in 2018 and limiting when it can be used. Weed specialists say the restrictions make the chemical more costly and inconvenient to apply, but Monsanto's incentive could help convince farmers to use it anyway.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We believe cash-back incentives for using XtendiMax with VaporGrip Technology better enable growers to use a management system that represents the next level of weed control," said Ryan Rubischko, Monsanto product manager.
XtendiMax costs about US$11 per acre to buy, and Monsanto is offering an extra US$6 per acre in cash back to farmers when they apply it on Xtend soybeans, rather than using another seed-and-chemical combination to control weeds.
The rebate means farmers can receive up to US$11.50 per acre in cash back next year when they use XtendiMax along with other approved chemicals, such as one called Intact that aims to prevent drift and costs US$2.40 per acre, according to Monsanto.
The company, which launched a program offering incentives to use multiple herbicides in 2010, competes against rivals including Bayer AG to sell genetically modified soybean seeds and chemicals to farmers.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Bayer is selling its LibertyLink soybean brand, a main rival to Xtend, to BASF as part of a deal to acquire Monsanto for US$63.5 billion.
Monsanto also faces increasing government oversight.
On Monday, Missouri said it would ban sprayings of XtendiMax and DowDuPont's product, called FeXapan, in 10 counties after June 1, 2018, and statewide after July 15, 2018. Last month, the state imposed the same restrictions on BASF's dicamba herbicide, Engenia.
North Dakota said it planned to prohibit the use of dicamba herbicides after June 30, 2018, and when temperatures top 85 degrees Fahrenheit in a bid to prevent the chemical from drifting away from where it is sprayed.
Arkansas is close to prohibiting dicamba sprayings after April 15, 2018, the tightest limits yet, while Minnesota is also considering restrictions.
The states are taking action after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency mandated special training for dicamba users for 2018 and required farmers to keep records proving they were complying with label instructions.
"Utilizing the technology, the cost will go up because of these changes," said Andrew Thostenson, a pesticide specialist for North Dakota State University.
U.S. farmers planted 90 million acres of soybeans this year, and about 4 percent showed signs of damage linked to dicamba, according to University of Missouri data. Despite that, Monsanto predicts farmers will double plantings of Xtend soybeans to about 40 million acres next year.
Farmers said its cash-back offer was designed to increase sales.
"I think they're just trying to buy more acres," Dan Henebry, an Illinois farmer who plans to grow Xtend soybeans next year, said about Monsanto.
(Reporting by Tom Polansek; Editing by Andrew Hay and Tom Brown)
COBOURG -
The Town of Cobourg and the Canada 150 organizing committee have announced the spring-event calendar in honour of Canada's 150th year of Confederation.
From art exhibits to national sporting competitions, the town and the Canada 150 committee are planning to make it a banner year with a multitude of celebrations.
For April and May, that includes:
• April 20 — Cobourg Harbour: A Story of Small Town Ontario, the launch of an on-line Community Memories Project produced by the Cobourg Museum Foundation and the Virtual Museum of Canada. This takes place at 7 p.m. in the Victoria Hall Citizens Forum (second floor west at Victoria Hall, 55 King St. W.).
• April 29-30 — Canada 150: A Portrait in Documentary Film, presented by the Marie Dressler Foundation at The Loft (upstairs at 201 Division St.). There are eight free films. On April 29, see On Guard For Thee (Canada during the war) at 10 a.m., Native Land (Canada's Indigenous peoples) at 1 p.m., Glowing Hearts (Canadian pride and culture) at 4 p.m., and Far and Wide (the length and breadth of the nation) at 7 p.m. On April 30, there's Terre de Nos Aieux (French Canada) at 10 a.m., Glorious and Free (struggle for equal rights) at 1 p.m., See Thee Rise (Canada's influence in the world ) at 4 p.m. and O Canada! (celebrating our unique identity) at 7 p.m.
• April 30 — Images of Canada: Rug Hooking Display and History of Rug Hooking in Canada. This is the work of members of the Ontario Hooking Craft Guild, on display at the Cobourg Community Centre (750 D'Arcy St.) from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Admission is $10.
• May 6 — 150 Years of Fashion, presented by the Victoria Hall Volunteers and Northumberland Players (who operate an extraordinary costume house). There are show-and-exhibit events at 2 and 7:30 p.m. at the Victoria Hall Concert Hall, and tickets are $30.
• May 6 — Canada 150: A Celebration, a Northumberland Orchestra and Choir concert that celebrates Canadian music from sea to sea. It takes place at Trinity United Church (284 Division St.).
• May 13-21 — RBC Cup national Junior A hockey championship at the Cobourg Community Centre.
• May 26-June 11 — Once Upon A Rocking Chair. Written by a local author, this play explores family relationships, work, aging, life and the happily-ever-after ideal. This is the play's premiere, and it takes place at the Firehall Theatre (213 Second St.).
• May 27 — Between Friends: Northumberland Kids Sing For Canada. This concert features the local SONG musicians and the Westben Youth Choir in celebrating Canada's milestone through music. It's a 3 p.m. show at Trinity United Church, and admission is by donation.
• May 30 — A Celebration of the Canadian Flag. Hosted by the Cobourg and District Historical Society at the Victoria Hall Concert Hall, the program focuses on the history of the flag.
For these and other event listings in the year's calendar, visit www.cobourg2017.ca.
By Chen Mei-ying / Staff reporter
The National Development Council has finalized a draft bill for a political data act (政治檔案條例), proposing the disclosure of the identities of people involved in historical events and the declassification of all political files dating back 30 years or more, provided they do not compromise national security.
Whether the Personal Information Protection Act (個人資料保護法) should be enforced has been a source of contention in discussions about the proposed political data act, with veteran political activist Shih Ming-te (施明德) saying that perpetrators of political events have largely been shielded by the nation's current policy on declassifying political files.
National Archives Administration officials have reached a consensus on maximizing transparency by allowing the declassification of political files to bypass the Personal Information Protection Act if parties directly concerned with a historical event request that files be made public, administration deputy director-general Chen Hai-hsiung (陳海雄) said.
To aid efforts to establish historical facts, the draft bill proposes that all codes, pseudonyms given to public officers, witnesses and whistle-blowers, as well as all names concealed in files, be made available, with the exception of information that may infringe on their privacy, such as their health, which could be filtered out before they are duplicated for other uses, Chen said.
The scope of the bill has been expanded from political files related to government agencies to also include files on political parties, their affiliates and businesses they operate, he said.
The bill is poised to declassify all political files, except those protected by Article 24 of the National Security Information Protection Act (國家機密保護法), which are permanently classified, he said, adding that the procedure for declassifying files would be kept simple and conducive to such efforts.
Although the political archives act is based on the Act on Promoting Transitional Justice (促進轉型正義條例), it would not be subjected to the framework of the Act on Promoting Transitional Justice (促進轉型正義條例), which deals with events during the 228 Massacre and the ensuing White Terror era, but to the broader Archives Act (檔案法), he said.
The council, as the governing body of the act, would be tasked with collating, preserving political files and forming guidelines on disclosing the files, while files that possess educational and academic value would be used by the National Human Rights Museum, the Ministry of Culture, Academia Historica and Academia Sinica.
To ensure swift passage of the proposal, the council has given the public a preview of the bill on its Public Policy Network Participation Platform and is expected to submit the bill to the legislature for review during the next legislative session. The Executive Yuan has listed it as a priority bill.
Getty Images
Vikings linebacker Anthony Barr missed some time in the first week of OTAs, at a time when he's also looking for a new contract.
He said Wednesday he was merely getting insurance, though in a manner of speaking that's kind of the same thing.
“I had to protect myself and get an injury insurance policy,” Barr said, via Courtney Cronin of ESPN.com. “It took like a week to get situated, so I got that, and now I'm good to go.”
Barr's entering the final year of his contract, and there have been talks about a new deal. He offered few details, but his presence suggests things aren't contentious.
“My agent's doing a great job,” Barr said. “They're having conversations. I don't know too many details on that. My focus is here with the team and getting ready.”
He's set to earn $12.3 million this year, and if he was injured during team workouts he'd get that anyway, but he apparently wanted coverage for potential future earnings beyond that amount until a new deal is done.
Calgary police say a man wanted for questioning in connection with the murders of two men in a Superstore parking lot in the southeast has been arrested in Ontario.
William Kincade-Miller was arrested early Wednesday morning in Ignace, Ontario, on outstanding warrants for weapons offences and breaching his parole conditions.
Investigators in Calgary were looking to speak with him about the shooting deaths of Anees Ismail Amr and Colin Brendan Reitberger on May 21.
Christian Joffre Ouellette, 20, has already been charged with two counts of first degree murder in the case.
Kincade-Miller will be taken back to Calgary for questioning and to face prosecution for the outstanding warrants.
ABC/Randy Holmes
Before he ushered in 2017 Saturday night in Nashville, Keith Urban spent the final moments of 2016 remembering the musical greats we lost last year.
Accompanied predominantly by only his acoustic guitar, Keith kicked off an impressive medley with George Michael's “Careless Whisper,” less than a week after the death of the former Wham! frontman. He segued into composer Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah,” as the crowd at Nashville's Music City Midnight celebration sang along.
The Aussie superstar marked the passing of the Eagles' Glenn Frey with his version of “Take It Easy,” before Keith's wife, actress Nicole Kidman, joined him onstage. The crowd cheered as Nicole danced and sang along to David Bowie's “Heroes.” Earlier on CNN, Keith had confirmed that the couple's two daughters were backstage ringing in the new year as well.
Keith tackled Merle Haggard's classic “Mama Tried,” before his band rejoined him for his take on Prince's “Purple Rain.” You can check out both the Saturday night performance, and a completely acoustic version of the medley Keith posted later, on YouTube.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Like this: Like Loading...
PH falls to South Korea
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By KRISTEL SATUMBAGA
Games Today (Alonte Sports Arena, Biñan, Laguna)
10 a.m. – China vs Chinese Taipei
2:30 p.m. – Kazakhstan vs Korea
3 p.m. – Japan vs Thailand
5:30 p.m. – Philippines vs Vietnam
BIÑAN, Laguna – The Philippines put up a gallant stand against South Korea before absorbing a 25-23, 25-18, 25-12 loss yesterday in the classification round of the 19th Asian Senior Women's Volleyball Championship at the Alonte Sports Arena here.
The Nationals displayed their solid defense against the power-hitting Koreans, runners-up two years ago in Tianjin, China, but it was enough to post a giant-sized upset and succumb to a straight-set defeat in this round to determine the quarterfinal pairings.
Led by Jovelyn Gonzaga and Aby Maraño, the Filipinos impressed the crowd that filled this venue to the rafters with sharp kills and service aces that cut Korea's lead from 24-19 to 24-23 in the opening set.
Sensing danger, top player Kim Yeong-koung subbed for the first time to give Korea the first set.
The Nationals also led 10-7 in the second frame, but the Koreans held their composure until the third frame.
With world-class Kim starting for the first time in the third set, Korea dominated the frame by leading as many as 18-9 to dictate the tempo.
Overall, the Filipinos struggled with their serves and had difficulty with their first ball that proved crucial in the match. They finished with 18 errors.
PH team coach Francis Vicente still lauded his players' efforts despite the loss.
“Basta proud ako sa kanila kasi nakikita ko yung mentality nila na lumalaban. Yun lang, medyo kinakapos talaga sa bandang huli,” said Vicente.
Jaja Santiago was the lone double-digit scorer with 10 points, all from attacks, while Valdez also fired all her seven points in kills. Gonzaga also finished with seven points.
Yang Hyojin topscored for Korea with 13 points, while Yeong-koung and Kim Heejin added 12 and 11 points.
The PH slipped to 0-2 in the carryover phase in Pool E, while South Korea improved to 2-0 along with Kazakhstan at the helm.
The Nationals face Vietnam today at 5:30 p.m.
Earlier, Thailand stunned defending champion China, 25-22, 22-25, 25-16, 23-25, 15-12, in Pool F.
Hattaya Bamrungsuk led the Thais with 19 points, while Ajcharaporn Kongyot and Chatchu-on Moksri chipped in 19 points against the Chinese, composed mostly of Team B players.
Japan also showed strength with a quick 25-19, 25-16, 25-20 victory over Chinese Taipei.
Related
comments
On May 25th, hundreds of youth and representatives of civil society gathered in Harare, Zimbabwe to raise awareness for the need to achieve a conflict-free Africa through a peace walk.
The event was jointly hosted by an international peace NGO, Heavenly Culture, World Peace and Restoration of Light (HWPL), its affiliated group, the International Peace Youth Group (IPYG), Junior Chambers International Zimbabwe (JCI), and Zimbabwe United Nations Association (ZUNA), which is joined by scores of hopeful youth who came to invest in the work of peace.
The peace walk formed part of the 5th Annual Commemoration of the Declaration of World Peace which has been carried out in 100 cities in 50 countries including South Africa, Zimbabwe, Namibia, Tanzania, South Korea, UK, the U.S, India, and China. This global movement is aimed to promote a culture of peace based on the Declaration of Peace and Cessation of War (DPCW).
The Peace Walk took place in 100 cities including Harare
HWPL, a Non-Governmental Organization affiliated with UN ECOSOC, had the first “Declaration of World Peace” in 2013 to call for all members of society to work together as peace messengers. The Chairman of HWPL, Mr. Man Hee Lee, has highlighted that every person in every country is responsible for establishing world peace.
“Rather than waiting to take peace for granted, it is we who should put an end to all wars to protect humanity and our world and leave peace as a legacy for future generations. Since laws of today cannot compensate for the lives sacrificed in war, what we need is an instrument that protects human life, a law that prevents war.”
The peace walk began at Harare Town House with Harare City Mayor, His Worship Cllr. Bernard Manyenyeni, giving an address. He encouraged the youth saying, “We are encouraged to see young people, an investment which Zimbabwe and Africa need towards the cessation of war. Africa needs stability; it needs peace to catch up for its many years of underdevelopment and to catch up with the rest of the world.”
Witnessing the impact of the walk on the city, His Worship noted the importance of investing in peace, adding that it is not only having a direct impact on the city itself but on the minds of the people. “Peace is an investment that we must all strive to get. When these things set in the minds of young people, it is an investment we can bank on,” he shared.
Youth stands together to celebrate the dawn of a conflict-free Africa in Zimbabwe
ZUNA's Programs Director, Brighton Musevenzo promoted Africa's aspirations in achieving peaceful transformations which are crystallized by the DPCW.
“Africa has been facing challenges because of its diversity which is causing conflict, therefore having young people like IPYG, JCI, and ZUNA coming together is something we need when we want to achieve the world we want by 2030.”
The HWPL's proposed the ‘Declaration of Peace and Cessation of War (DPCW)' embodies the value of the ‘Declaration of World Peace'.
The DPCW consisting of 10 articles and 38 clauses addresses principles of conflict resolution and international cooperation for peace building such as respect on the international law, peaceful dispute settlement, and spreading a culture of peace.
Civil society throughout the world is carrying out peace education, peace culture projects, and ‘Legislate Peace Campaign' to establish a legally binding international law for peace and to create a peaceful environment in the society in cooperation with HWPL.
Share with:
By Frank Dux;
Despite its name, ‘Mixed Martial Arts' is not, technically speaking, a martial art.
Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is a professional sport.
It is a business and its athletes are paid to compete. Not that that is a bad thing.
Today there are some who accuse the MMA of corrupting and exploiting traditional Martial Arts without giving them credit.
The perception the MMA publicity machine projects is that “Today's modern age MMA training is superior to traditional Martial Arts in terms of preparedness in dealing with street crime. All you have to do is just look and compare the physique of an MMA teacher versus the traditional martial art instructor to know this to be true.”
This claim is self-serving, flawed and deceptive, since it fails to take into consideration that a possible weapon, legal entanglements, or an inhospitable environment are some of the more common variables that are needed to be taken into account when planning a strategy or determining which types of tactics are better suited to produce a favorable outcome.
Unfortunately, these elements are not part of any dedicated MMA curriculum or training regiment.
As the Chinese strategist and author of the “Book of War”, Sun Tzu, correctly states, “Battles are won or lost before they are ever fought.”
All forms of martial arts exist according to the Law of Complimentary opposites. “There can exist no cold without hot.” Likewise, there exists no infinitely superior way of martial arts but there does exist the infinitely superior martial artist.
The claim being touted that MMA training is superior to all other martial art disciplines is, therefore, logically, observably, and historically, invalid.
If you don't believe me then try convincing US Special Forces personnel stationed at Ft. Lewis, Washington. They will laugh and let you in how they were taken in and impressed by the MMA sports event hype.
These Green Berets explored the possibility of integrating MMA fight training into their training. So they turned to their contracted civilian trainer/adviser, a martial artist named Kelly Warden, who was not agreeable.
Warden found his personal opinion being challenged and a match was arranged with a respected and dedicated professional MMA fighter. Many thought he was doomed, and would be taken to ground, completely outclassed in the grappling arts.
But Kelly's martial art training and instincts are not sports orientated and he dominated the situation in a lightening fast and very unsportsmanlike manner. Warden violated the assumed accept rules of engagement as he began shoveling dirt into the mouth of this MMA legend, suffocating him.
Invariably, the difference between MMA sport fighting versus pragmatic battlefield skills training is the mindset of a warrior. One that will improvise, adapt and overcome. This was made clearly visible by this happenstance.
Playing by the rules Warden was certainly outmatched, but when it comes down to defending one's life there exist no rules or referee. Warden's opponent, being sports orientated, was ill prepared in his action and thinking, unable to take into account the way his situational environment could and would be used against him. This vulnerability stemmed from perfecting his skills and tactics in a controlled MMA gym environment.
The term “Mixed Martial Arts” is misleading given it suggests to the uninitiated that this a system of self defense that is a compilation of many systems; a “best of the best” taken from a wide range of different traditional and modern Meiji era martial arts disciplines, then honed down into one superior methodology over time.
This perceived “conglomeration” contributes to the glamorous and misleading illusion that MMA training is superior to other self-defense systems. The MMA industry facilitates this illusion by calling attention in advertisements to the Bruce Lee legacy and philosophy of avoiding “the classical mess” — using only what is personally useful and disregarding the rest.
But the suggestion there is a shortcut to attaining proficiency in the martial arts is a falsehood.
The term “Mixed Martial Arts” aka “MMA” was created out of necessity in the rebranding of the unsuccessful Gracie family- run UFC that had promoted this sport under the “No-Holds-Barred” aka “NHB” banner.
The harsh critics of the UFC and MMA, in general, allege that the name change from NHB to MMA was made to legitimize their athletes and transform them from being viewed as street thugs and brawlers into role models. The term MMA enabled the UFC to expand their market share by way of enrolling and attaching itself to the expansive traditional martial art community irrespective of the fact that this full-contact sport's athlete's skill sets at that time predominately had little to do with Traditional Martial Arts training, at all.
Their skills being a more back alley eclectic mixture of barroom bare knuckle boxing accompanied by some basic modernized Brazilian JuJitsu or Greco Roman wrestling. Rounds and weight classes were introduced, along with the removal of certain martial arts strikes and holds that would be no longer permitted. The spongy matting thickness provided an unfair advantage by complimenting the tactics of Brazilian Jujitsu.
The reason for having reinvented UFC has been linked to allegations that the UFC originators, the Gracie family, were barred from having their NHB events take place in Las Vegas because they engaged in offsite betting, fixing fights by controlling the judges, referees and embellishing the records and skills of inferior opponents.
The latest scandal alleges that the UFC is attempting to monopolize the martial art industry by establishing UFC gyms in competition with Traditional Martial Arts schools while at the same time committing trade libel by calling attention to how very few “traditional martial art practitioners” compete in MMA, suggesting the reason is that Traditional Martial Art training is inferior to MMA.
The presumption of any martial art training system possessing superiority is a fallacy since the outcome of a violent conflict is always dependent on chance and circumstance — a long list of unpredictable variables, aside from the comparative skills and capabilities of the people involved, the situation, setting etc.
Logically, the premise of evaluating and weighing the real life combat effectiveness of any type of martial art system or individual cannot be determined through any sporting event. These events have in place a set of rules that are put there to protect an athlete, that invariably handicap those who diligently train “to kill” or “maim” rather than “KO” their opponent.
Comparatively speaking, this is no different than putting a tank in the ocean and expecting it to prevail in a naval battle as testimony to its fighting worthiness. And while battleships are equally made of steel and have guns they are not made the same since they were created to serve a different purpose.
It is also foolish and unreasonable to accept the premise that a person's physical appearance and fitness is relevant in determining martial art prowess. YouTube is filled with examples of unassuming ordinary looking people dropping with a single punch or kick some aggressive steroid raged Adonis towering over them.
The notable distinction to be made between the similar but, nonetheless, two different martial art worlds, the Mixed Martial Art from the Traditional Martial Art world, all seemingly boils down to a matter of “attitude.”
First and foremost, great figures in history make the distinction between success, which begins by not confusing it with accomplishment. While success involves the steps undertaken to achieve one's ideal or goal, accomplishment represents one's historical trail of behavior, good or bad.
The emphasis placed upon honorable conduct and martial art etiquette — which is absolutely necessary to produce military bearing, a code of conduct with the kind of disciplined mind as to not violate it — is noticeably absent in the MMA subculture. The undisciplined, hedonistic, episodic behavior of its MMA icons must be considered, at best, to be brutish, backstabbing, petty and intrusive at times.
MMA sports stars, by way of their own admission in televised interviews, often reveal that their accomplishments and success are meaningless to them, unfulfilling to the soul, and fleeting. Inasmuch as the all-time, most popular MMA athlete of the UFC, Rhonda Rousey, notably, suffers a competitive loss to Holly Holme and then confesses publicly as to how she contemplated suicide over it.
Self absorbed and consumed by her pre-fight over-confidence, her lack of graciousness and humility, haunted her.
Showing respect for one's opponent is the visible characteristic that defined the first MMA matches of Traditional Martial Arts, called amongst other things “Kumite” as portrayed in the cult film classic Bloodsport, which inspired a new generation of fighters and is responsible for having breathed life into the MMA movement.
Things are different now, consumed with asserting a new identity of fighters gone wild and so out of control that MMA might as well stand for “Meanspirited Milleneal Attitude”
Most of the MMA fighting stars I encountered by the end of their career appear to be lost, undisciplined souls, more concerned with how they are going to be accepted and perceived by the public as fighters versus becoming known for their self-sacrifice to others – the way of the warrior or “martial way”.
The critically important development and construction of the mindset of MMA practitioner or for that matter any professional athlete is observably foreign to a military minded martial artist. Mixed Martial Arts may not be considered in any real sense of the word a reflection of martial (military) arts training, especially, speaking philosophically. One chief reason for this is that they don't bother teaching ethics, honor and sense of duty. Military traits.
The attainment of honorable accomplishments, logically, requires honorable behavior. It roughly means acting in accordance to rules of engagement in war, or in peacetime, enacting and following a code of ethics moving toward “positive uplifting outcomes.”
Ethics are taught and typically originate in accordance to one's religious convictions and for the non-religious secular person, their ethics tend to stem from peers. Plural approval.
One inescapable, observable truth about ethics is that it is easy to be ethical if doing so coincides with personal self-interest. Ethical behavior is only painful when the right thing is not the most desired thing to do in one's best interest. It becomes painful when it requires sacrifice now for a moment in the future.
Both ethical behavior and goal-attainment are facilitated through self-control: mental self-management, overriding impulses, breaking compulsive cycles, and doing things that need to be done, even if they are not fun or enjoyable.
Likewise, what separates Traditional Martial Arts from the Mixed Martial Arts subculture is that the traditional are equally, if not more concerned with the perfection of self-control and the desire to use it to become a more accomplished person who is able to maintain a code of ethical behavior in life; be capable of making the ultimate sacrifice in defense of their family, comrades and country.
The ideals of duty and honor are paramount.
That is not to say all MMA or full contact combat sports enthusiasts are less ethical or brutish. Notwithstanding, the central focus in MMA training and its subculture is winning and being noticed. Fame and fortune in the MMA world is paramount.
Indeed with few exceptions the MMA subculture is void of the customary martial arts trappings or protocols that instill ethical actions, a code of conduct or for that matter a basic “respect for self and others.” The very nature of the MMA subculture promotes anti-social behavior when its biggest stars, like Brock Lesner, can be viewed spitting on audiences, or the disrespectful conduct at weigh-ins, with thugs hurling epithets, chairs and punches at each other.
The subculture displays the opposite decorum of a disciplined military mind. When Traditionalists face off to compete they customarily bow or salute, demonstrating their mutual respect. The MMA pattern of behavior and what appears to be a glorification of antisocial thug life is the antithesis of any traditional martial arts decorum.
It is this author's personal theory that the secret to perfecting how to remain ethically intact under duress is attained by perfecting the “way of war” itself, which is an art and a science. For instance, being properly trained and mentored in the attainment of military skills will instill the mental discipline to remain undistracted, stay focused for long periods of time, act with measured force, and follow through even under duress.
Self-discipline is necessary for goal-attainment. The experience of combat, be it for sport or real life and death, teaches the student that each of us are responsible for our actions that may be foreseeable or inadvertently cause great or small suffering for ourselves or others, possibly involve life and death.
Notwithstanding their respective differences, the MMA and Traditional Martial Artists do have things in common. Each must learn to coordinate multiple actions toward one goal that begins with one having established a strong foundation and building from there. To succeed, both must master the fundamentals of a skill or task to achieve higher goals; to remain in control as in one's breathing, regardless of the chaos going on around us, the level of danger and stress.
And we come to understand how to achieve positional superiority in order to dominate our adversary or an environment, which requires the correct skills and a disciplined mindset.
Aside from the obvious, that both Mixed Martial Arts and Traditional Martial Artists possess combative skill sets and condition themselves for trauma, it is only the truly “Traditional Martial Art based and not the “Sport Based” MMA martial artist who is visibly defined by one thing that sets both groups apart, in its teachings and all its benefits.
It is the discernible way Traditional Based Martial Arts embraces and cultivates self-discipline in manner that honors and incorporates traditions, ethics and etiquette that transcends space and time, instilling some universal human lessons by which to be both successful and accomplished outside of the world of martial arts.
MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian cyclist Stephen Wooldridge, a former Olympic and world champion, has died at the age of 39.
Wooldridge won a team pursuit gold at the 2004 Athens Olympics and four world titles in the same event from 2002-06.
Cycling New South Wales confirmed the cyclist's death in a statement.
"Stephen was an inspirational figure in track cycling, particularly in his home state of NSW," the state governing body said in a statement.
"Cycling NSW's thoughts are with Stephen's family and his friends during this difficult time."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Millwall's Tim Cahill has been banned for three matches after the Australia star accepted a charge of violent conduct.
Cahill was charged by the Football Association after the midfielder initially avoided punishment for elbowing Fulham's Ryan Fredericks on Friday.
The 38-year-old's foul wasn't spotted by the officials during Millwall's 3-0 defeat at The Den, but the FA took retrospective action after reviewing video of the incident.
“Tim Cahill will miss Millwall's next three matches after he admitted a charge of violent conduct,” an FA statement read.
“The incident, which was not seen by the match officials but caught on video, occurred in the 85th minute of Friday's game against Fulham.”
Cahill will miss the last two games of the regular Championship season against Middlesbrough and Aston Villa as sixth-placed Millwall look to hold on to a play-off berth.
The former Everton player would also miss the play-off semi-final first leg if Millwall qualify.
Cahill, who started his professional career with Millwall in the 1990s, has made 10 substitute appearances for the Lions since making an emotional return to south London in January.
His move back to Millwall in the twilight of his career was motivated partly by a desire to prove his form and fitness in time to secure a place in Australia's squad for this year's World Cup in Russia.
Even among a list of strong releases that includes albums by long-time critical darlings like The Magnetic Fields, The Shins and Father John Misty, one of the year's most praised efforts thus far comes from Melina Duterte, better known as Jay Som, a largely self-taught 23-year-old from the Bay Area. Her sophomore release Everybody Works earned her scores of praise from nearly every reputable music publication and drew massive crowds to her slew of SXSW performances, its critical success above and beyond what most independent artists have come to expect or even hope for.
Though Duterte's overnight rise might seem sudden to those new to her music, it's really been more of a slow roll into the end zone; the singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist got an early start as a musician, picking up several instruments by the time most kids are only reaching the end of elementary school. “My entire childhood was saturated in music and a curioisity [about] performing and learning,” says Duterte. “I started self-learning guitar when I was 8 and picked up the trumpet when I was 10, then [played] that for about nine years. I've slowly been trying to learn more instruments in a serious manner, with drums being the most recent.”
Though she's only been releasing music online since 2012, posting just a couple of songs each year before dropping her first full-length effort in 2016, Duterte has been writing her own material since she was a pre-teen. “My first song was about Taco Bell and how much I loved and hated it. It was probably really bad, but you have to start somewhere.”
Saying she's come far since that... Sign In to Keep Reading
FIFA held a last-minute meeting on Wednesday with the two candidates bidding to host the 2026 World Cup ahead of the publication of a report which could disqualify a bid rated not up to scratch.
ZURICH: FIFA held a last-minute meeting on Wednesday with the two candidates bidding to host the 2026 World Cup ahead of the publication of a report which could disqualify a bid rated not up to scratch.
A joint United States, Canada and Mexico bid is being challenged by underdogs Morocco for the right to stage the 48-team tournament with the hosts to be decided by the FIFA Congress in Moscow on June 13.
Advertisement
A five-man FIFA task force has inspected both bids and its key evaluation report is expected to be published any time from Friday onwards.
Under new bidding rules, the task force has the power to disqualify a bid if it does not meet minimum technical standards, especially with regard to stadiums.
"It was a very constructive meeting, a very positive meeting," Hicham El Amrani, the CEO of the Morocco bid, told Reuters. "We gave them the extra information they were looking for and we look forward to the publication of the report."
World soccer's governing body FIFA and the North American bid did not comment on the meeting.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The task force will award each bid a score ranging from zero to five on six different aspects of their bid: stadiums, team facilities, accommodation, transport, telecommunications and locations for events and fan festivals.
A bid must achieve a score of at least two out of five in the categories for stadiums, team facilities and transport/accommodation to qualify for the Congress vote, as well as an overall score of at least two.
FIFA says the score for transport and accommodation is calculated on a combined basis.
The system was introduced after criticism during previous World Cup hosting campaigns that voters overlooked the technical qualities of respective bids and based their choices on an exchange of political and personal favours.
For the same reason, the franchise was extended to the FIFA Congress - where each of FIFA's member associations each hold one vote - instead of being restricted to the now extinct executive committee.
Even so, outside influences continue to affect the process, as seen when U.S. President Donald Trump made clear in a Tweet that he expected countries that receive American economic and other forms of support to deliver votes for his nation's bid.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Beardsley Bart, Connecticut's own Prognosticating Prairie Dog, came out early this morning to share his weather forecast with a small gathering of his friends. He did not see his shadow, anticipating an early spring. His forecast is at odds with Punxatawny Phil, who is looking forward to six more weeks of winter.
“Beardsley Bart is a very early riser and when he came out this morning, he confirmed that he did not see his shadow,” said Zoo Director Gregg Dancho. “He's happy to report spring is just around the corner and he looks forward to all his friends coming to visit him soon.”
WASHINGTON: Falling US gasoline prices drove inflation and retail sales down in May, defying expectations and raising more questions about the economy and the pace of interest rate increases this year.
The government data released on Wednesday (Jun 14) came out just hours before the Federal Reserve is widely expected to increase interest rates when concludes its two-day monetary policy meeting, despite weak inflation and tepid wage growth.
But analysts said the latest economic data created fresh doubts about whether the Fed would raise rates for a third time later this year.
The Consumer Price Index, which tracks changes in the cost of household goods and services, declined 0.1 per cent compared to April, largely driven by 6.4 per cent drop in the cost of fuel at the pump, according to the Labour Department report.
Meanwhile, retail sales dropped a surprising 0.3 per cent last month, also due in part to falling gasoline prices, as Americans also bought fewer appliances and electronics, the Commerce Department reported.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Economists had projected CPI to be flat, and retail sales to rise 0.1 per cent.
A MORE CAUTIOUS FED?
Analysts said the Fed would be undeterred in raising rates for the second time this year at this meeting, but the weaker May numbers likely undermine the justification for another increase this year.
Fed futures markets on Wednesday showed the chances of another increase before the end of the year, which had been seen as highly likely in September or December, had fallen below 50 per cent.
The data "won't stop the Fed hiking today, but if this trend continues through the summer then the next hike, which we have been expecting in September, will be delayed," Ian Shepherdson of Pantheon Macroeconomics said in a note to clients.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Excluding the food and fuel categories, which can see big swings from month to month, "core" CPI rose 0.1 per cent, the third month in a row this closely-watched data point has come in below expectations.
The headline CPI for the 12-months through May fell below the Fed's two per cent target to 1.9 per cent last month, continuing a steady decline since February.
And the 12-month core, which has been falling since January, slipped another two-tenths to 1.7 per cent, putting the measure back to where it was two years ago.
Falling prices were widespread, with declines recorded for air fares, which were down a sharp 2.9 per cent, as well as medical services, clothing and new and used cars.
Nevertheless, James Bohnaker of IHS Markit said seasonal factors likely exaggerated the effect of falling energy prices on overall inflation because gasoline prices typically rise in the spring, ahead of the US driving season.
"The gasoline pump drop was an artifact of crude prices softening," he wrote in a research note. "So this decline will not likely be repeated in June."
SALES TRENDING LOWER
Within the retail report, sales were down 0.3 per cent even after excluding the more volatile food and auto categories, the first decline for the core measure since August.
Car sales remained sluggish for the month, falling 0.2 per cent in May, while electronics and appliance sales saw their largest monthly decrease in more than seven years, plunging 2.8 per cent.
And gasoline stations saw sales drop 2.4 per cent, the biggest decline since February of last year.
The shift towards internet retail continued apace, with department stores declining a full percentage point while "non-store" retailers soared another 0.8 per cent for the month.
Restaurants and bars also saw a 0.1 per cent decline in May.
American consumers forked out US$473.8 billion in the month, 3.8 per cent above May of last year.
Despite the weak report, analysts noted that April's sales numbers were revised significantly upward, especially in the "control" group of goods, which excludes gasoline, cars and building materials.
"In terms of quarterly growth, the upward revision to April outweighs the downside surprise in May," said Chris Low of FTN Financial. Even so, "The revision does not change the fact sales are clearly trending slower this year."
U.S. President Donald Trump, speaking with French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday, discussed joint counterterrorism operations in the Sahel region of Africa, the White House said in a statement.
WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump, speaking with French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday, discussed joint counterterrorism operations in the Sahel region of Africa, the White House said in a statement.
The U.S. military said earlier on Friday that a fourth soldier was killed during an Oct. 4 attack in Niger, raising the death toll from an incident that has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counterterrorism mission in the West African nation.
Macron expressed his condolences over the shooting in Las Vegas on Sunday while Trump conveyed his condolences regarding the knife attack in Marseille on Monday, the statement said.
(Reporting by Eric Walsh)
A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, killing three employees and then himself as officers closed in, police and the company said.
Toney Chaplin, San Francisco's assistant police chief, said at a news conference that two others were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response.
Police have not determined a motive. Chaplin said that the shooter was armed with an assault pistol and put the weapon to his head and pulled the trigger when police located him.
Our thoughts are with those affected by today's tragic incident at a UPS facility in San Francisco. https://t.co/4XC32AoLFn — @UPS
A UPS statement said the shooter and all the victims were employees. Spokesperson Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that the gunman opened fire inside the facility before the drivers were sent out for their daily deliveries.
Neighbours said they heard up to eight rapid gunshots.
“It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat,” said Raymond Deng, who lives across the street from the warehouse.
After the gunfire, auto shop owner Robert Kim said he saw “a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
Deng, 30, a data scientist for a startup company, also saw workers fleeing and another group of about 10 who gathered on the roof and held their hands up as police arrived.
“I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings,” he said. “It's crazy.”
UPS workers gather outside after a shooting at a UPS warehouse and customer service centre in San Francisco on Wednesday. (Eric Risberg/Associated Press)
Police responding to the facility in the Potrero Hill neighbourhood, about four kilometres from downtown San Francisco, found wounded victims and pulled them to safety.
Investigators recovered two firearms from the scene.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
The shooting happened on the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. congressman Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
Let's block ads! (Why?)
CBC | World News
PR powerhouse Rogers & Cowan has named Craig Greiwe head of its R&C Digital Group, an “end-to-end digital marketing division that complements Rogers & Cowan's traditional PR work,” states a release announcing the appointment.
In addition, the company announced the creation of R&C Studios, an in-house creative concern that will execute digital content for Rogers & Cowan's diverse client roster (DreamWorks Animation Television, The Weinstein Company, McDonald's SoCal, Smith Global Media, and Keratin Complex, among them). Lauren Jones will oversee R&C Studios, in collaboration with Rogers & Cowan VP Marketing Holly Beverly, while Nicole Wool and Courtney Allen will oversee day-to-day account and client management.
Said Rogers & Cowan CEO Mark Owens: “Our digital marketing expansion comes from our continuing effort to build a comprehensive and industry-leading solution for clients that leverages the growing influence of direct social media and content on today's consumer. We are excited to name Craig head of the digital team, and bring these industry leading and talented individuals together into the Rogers & Cowan family.”
“In my previous studio and consulting roles, I often worked with Rogers & Cowan and I'm honored to be joining such a prestigious organization,” added Greiwe. “At a time of vast change in our industry, I'm excited about where the leadership is taking the historic agency, and know that our team will enhance that experience and bring value to our clients.”
The Criminal Investigation and Detection Group in Central Visayas (CIDG-7) will temporarily keep their hands off drug-related operations.
Chief Insp. Hector Amancia, deputy chief of CIDG-7, said they received a memorandum regarding the matter from Camp Crame last April 6.
He did not cite any reason.
ADVERTISEMENT
“It is not for us to comment on the matter. All we have to do is to comply with it,” Amancia said.
Getty Images
The Jets made a big defensive line signing. Or at least a signing of a big defensive lineman.
According to Manish Mehta of the New York Daily News, the Jets have brought Xavier Cooper back on a one-year deal.
The Jets picked Cooper up midseason, and he played in eight games. Originally a third-round pick of the Browns, he was claimed off waivers by the 49ers and played seven games there.
The Jets obviously think he can at least provide some depth, on the line, after jettisoning Muhammad Wilkerson.
ZURICH (AP) — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after he was banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing.
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final.
Now FIFA says its referees' committee has decided that his conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia “are not satisfied anymore.”
As a result, the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament, including two assistants.
FIFA says Al Mirdasi won't be directly replaced. Instead, the governing body will take two additional assistant referees from the United Arab Emirates and Japan.
Seth Rogen hits out at Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey for verifying white supremacists' accounts
Seth Rogen on Tuesday hit out at Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey for verifying accounts of users known to be white supremacists. The actor-comedian-filmmaker revealed that he has been directly messaging Dorsey on the social media for the past eight months but has not received a response which is why he is going public with his problem with the microblogging site now.
I've been DMing with @jack about his bizarre need to verify white supremacists on his platform for the last 8 months or so, and after all the exchanges, I've reached a conclusion: the dude simply does not seem to give a fuck. — Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) July 3, 2018
In the tweet, Rogen says that he does not think Dorsey cares about encouraging white supremacists. Although Dorsey has not responded to Rogen, the pinned tweet on his Twitter timeline speaks of the social media site being "committed to help increase the collective health, openness and civility of public conversation, and to hold ourselves publicly accountable towards progress."
Rogen's tweet has so far received 1,24,000 likes and been retweeted by 29,000 accounts. Other Twitter users have also pulled up other content sharing portals such as Facebook and YouTube for not doing enough about objectionable content despite clearly specified content policies.
Twitter had earlier come under fire for verifying Jason Kessler, the creator of the 2017 Charlottesville white supremacy rally.
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 16:31 PM
SC to present ‘George and the Dragon'
SHERIDAN — The Whitney Center for the Arts at Sheridan College will present the theater department's spring musical, “George and the Dragon,” written and directed by Big Horn resident Doug Sheehan on Saturday, Sunday and Monday.
This is the second play written by Sheehan performed at SC. The first was an original piece for the Big West Arts Festival in 2008.
The SC production will star professional actor Mokey McNeilly as George. SC students and community members will fill out the cast.
Performances will take place Saturday through Monday at 7:30 p.m. each night. There will also be a matinée performance Sunday at 2 p.m.
Tickets to all four performances are available through the WYO Theater box office, by phone at 672-9084 or online at wyotheater.com.
Tickets cost $20 for adults and $15 for students, seniors and military members.
The WYO Theater is located at 42 N. Main St.
You would think that this is a straightforward feature that you would expect on Android – that if you have a Bluetooth headset paired with your smartphone, the ringtone you set up on your device would play on the headset when someone calls you up. But this features is sadly not available in any iteration of Android up to the current version. Android O will be the first Android version to carry this feature.
The feature for “in-band ringtones” is one that has been requested for a while now and a lot of Android users have been complaining about the lack of it. XDA has recently discovered in the Android 8.0 (O) Developer Preview that this option is now available to toggle on, in the same menu in Developer Options where you would find audio codec options.
This means that when this option is toggled, whatever ringtone you have set up on your smartphone will be played on your Bluetooth headset when your phone is ringing. Pretty simple, really. But it has taken a long time for Google to actually implement such a feature that has been supported by iOS for quite a while now.
It's good that Google is finally catching up to these small Bluetooth-related complaints and incorporating them into Android O. Watch out for more features to be revealed even as the big launch date for the new Android version slowly approaches.
SOURCE: XDA
Chandigarh: The discontent within the Congress unit in Punjab over the recent state cabinet expansion reached the party high command in New Delhi with Dalit leader and MLA Raj Kumar Verka expressing "anguish" over Scheduled Caste members not being given adequate representation.
"It is an internal matter of the party and we are not against the party and we are also not upset with party. But the reality is that Valmiki and Majhabi Sikhs are somewhere feeling left out. I apprised Congress president Rahul Gandhi of the sentiments of the community," Verka said.
The matter is under consideration of the party high command and a way will be found out, he added. Verka, who is an MLA from Amritsar (West), had raised the matter with the Congress chief in a meeting at the Talkatora Stadium in the national capital on Tuesday.
"This matter relates to a particular section of the society...Chief Minister Amarinder Singh is seriously considering this matter and we trust the party," said Verka.
However, Chief Minister Singh while replying to a question on representation to Dalit/OBC community in the cabinet, said on Wednesday that not all the 77 ruling party MLAs could be made ministers. He, however, added that those left out would be suitably accommodated, as promised by him.
Nine new ministers were sworn in on last Saturday.
Verka was not the only leader who raised the matter of Dalits being left out in the cabinet expansion.
Earlier, Surjit Singh Dhiman, MLA from Amargarh in Sangrur district, Nathu Ram, legislator from Balluana in Fazilka and Sangat Singh Gilzian, MLA from Urmur seat in Hoshiarpur, had resigned from their party positions over the issue. Punjab Congress had tried to mollify these leaders. Congress government was also planning to appoint some MLAs as chairman of various boards and Corporations in order to placate them, sources said.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Tropical Storm Nate took aim at Caribbean resorts on Mexico's Yucatan peninsula on Friday on its way to the U.S. Gulf Coast where it could strike as a hurricane this weekend after killing at least 22 people in Central America.
SAN JOSE: Tropical Storm Nate took aim at Caribbean resorts on Mexico's Yucatan peninsula on Friday on its way to the U.S. Gulf Coast where it could strike as a hurricane this weekend after killing at least 22 people in Central America.
Nate was blowing maximum sustained winds of 45 miles per hour (72 kmh) and was about 230 miles (370 km) southeast of the Mexican holiday resort island of Cozumel early on Friday morning, according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami.
The storm is expected to reach the eastern edge of the Yucatan peninsula, home to popular vacation destinations such as Cancun and Playa del Carmen, on Friday evening, the NHC said.
Nate will likely strengthen to a hurricane by the time it hits the northern Gulf of Mexico, it added. Oil and natural gas producers began evacuating staff at U.S. Gulf of Mexico platforms on Thursday.
The storm doused Central America with heavy rains on Thursday, killing at least 11 people in Nicaragua, eight in Costa Rica, two in Honduras and one in El Salvador, local authorities said.
Thousands were forced to evacuate their homes and Costa Rica's government declared a state of emergency, closing schools and all other non-essential services.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nate is predicted to become a Category 1 hurricane, the weakest category on a five-level scale used by meteorologists, by the time it hits the U.S. Gulf Coast on Sunday.
U.S. officials from Florida to Texas told residents on Thursday to prepare for the storm.
A state of emergency was declared for 29 Florida counties and the city of New Orleans, devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
The NHC has issued a hurricane watch from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Mississippi-Alabama border, including New Orleans, Lake Pontchartrain, and Lake Maurepas.
Nate is expected to produce six to 10 inches (15 to 25 cm) of rain in parts of Honduras and Nicaragua, two to four inches (5 to 10 cm) of rain in eastern Yucatan and western Cuba and three to six inches (8 to 15 inches) of rain in the U.S. central Gulf Coast.
On Friday morning, the storm was moving northwest at 14 miles per hour (23 kmh).
(Writing and additional reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Courtesy: LEN Media
The largest-ever fields in the event's history are gathering in Gravelines, France, for the second stop of the LEN European Open Water Cup. The discipline's greatest stars will line up for the race, Olympic and World champions – altogether 211 swimmers.
As the highlight race of the French national championships, the 10km events will be held on Thursday (31 May) and the quality will be as high as at any World Champs or Olympic marathons. With 94 women and 117 men taking part, these are going to be the largest ever races in the history of the LEN European Open Water Cup.
France was the top nation in last year's World Champs in Hungary, amassing four titles in seven races and now all of their world champions, including Marc-Antoine Olivier, Axel Reymond and Aurelie Muller, will battle for the title.
However, a swift challenge from other foreign stars is foreseen, above all the two Dutch Olympic champions Ferry Weertman and Sharon van Rouwendaal will also swim for the glory and to make this event really special, non-European superstars will also show up on the starting pontoon. Since this is an open event, the entries from world champions like Brazil's Ana Marcela Cunha and USA's Ashley Twitchell were also accepted.
In cooperation with leading sport TV channel BeinSports, both 10km races will be broadcasted live and can be followed on the LEN website: the men's race is set to start from 11.00 while the women's competition kicks at from 15.30.
LEN Open Water Cup – 2018
Leg 1, 25 March – Eilat (ISR)
Leg 2, 31 May – Gravelines (FRA)
Leg 3, 30 June – Barcelona (ESP)
Leg 4, 28 July – Navia (ESP)
Leg 5, 25 August – Copenhagen (DEN)
Leg 6, 9 September – Bled (SLO)
Getty Images
The Friday afternoon news dump is one of the oldest pages in the politics and public relations playbook: There's a long-held belief that on weekends, people don't consume much news, so if you want to put bad news out, you put it out on Friday afternoon, when few people are paying attention.
But even better than the Friday afternoon news dump is the pre-holiday news dump: Holidays are the days when Americans really don't feel like checking the news. And the NFL took advantage of that on the third of July.
As Americans started leaving their offices for an Independence Day off, the NFL dumped plenty of news about player suspensions. Reuben Foster‘s suspension for gun and marijuana offenses was announced around 3 p.m. Jamon Brown‘s two-game suspension was announced half an hour later. And Aaron Jones‘ suspension was announced half an hour after that. That evening, word leaked that Julian Edelman had lost the appeal of his four-game suspension.
The NFL has a long history of employing the Friday afternoon news dump, or the pre-holiday news dump. But it's worth wondering whether that tactic still works: The news dump dates back to the days when people got their news from the morning paper, and Saturday was the day when newspaper circulation was the lowest. In today's media environment, there's just no way to bury any kind of news. The NFL can try, but it can't bury news anymore.
Amanda Bynes has officially returned to Twitter to shoot down false reports she's pregnant and engaged.
The 30-year-old actress has steered clear of social media since last summer, but she jumped on Twitter on Tuesday hours after an imposter pretended to be her and posted convincing information about the Hairspray star's personal life.
“Happy Valentines Day!” the tweeter greeted fans, explaining she was writing from her gynaecologist's clinic: “At the gynos office with Matt to see if I am indeed pregnant! The home test says I am but I need a 2nd opinion!!”
Just a day earlier, Bynes appeared to take to her rumored profile to announce she and her partner, Matt, had decided to tie the knot after dating for under a year.
“World: my gorgeous fiance Matt & i!” the pseudo Bynes wrote, attaching a photograph of the actress sitting cheek to cheek with her man in the backseat of a car.
“Matt V & I have been dating for the past 8 months and I couldn't be happier!!!” the caption read. “We do not have an official wedding date as of yet but we are very much in love and very excited to share the rest of our lives together!”
The imposter utilized the Twitter handle @PersianLa27 under the pseudonym Ashley Banks to make the exciting announcements, and when a social media fan asked why she wasn't using her verified @amandabynes profile, the star explained she was barred from the account: “My parents and lawyer are the only ones with access to @amandabynes! They have banned me from using any sort or form of social media!”
The real Amanda then hit Twitter to confirm she had not been posting the tweets.
“I am not @persianla27,” she wrote. “I am not getting married and I am not pregnant. I don't understand why Twitter won't take @persianla27 down. I have asked repeatedly. This person continues to impersonate and harass me and Twitter needs to take the account down.”
Source:: WENN – Blog
Spread Love: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
Google
More
Email
Natalie Sawyer was a main stay of the popular sports channel for 18 years.
But Sawyer, 38, left the global media giant last month after reported differences over her role.
However, it hasn't taken Natalie long to return to our screens in a big way.
The raven-haired beauty appeared alongside former Spurs player Ryan Mason on William Hill's social media channel.
*Refugees stranded inside Francistown Centre for Illegal Immigrants *Govt defies court ruling ordering their release
In an ugly twist to the drawn-out legal battle between the government and Human Rights lawyer Morgan Moseki, leaked photos from the Gerald Centre for Illegal Immigrants appear to show a number of asylum seekers living in inhumane conditions.
The damning pictures suggest the government have defied a High Court ruling, passed on the 14th of July, ordering the immediate release of 165 failed asylum seekers incarcerated at the Francistown-based centre.
The majority of the 165 foreign nationals – whose asylum application was rejected by government – remain confined within the Gerald camp, reduced to living like squatters.
The photos depict families, including minors, huddled together in flimsy, makeshift shelters erected on the concrete floors of the notorious institution.
According to Moseki, who is the asylum seekers' legal representative and has unlimited access to the condemned foreign legion, their nightmare worsened after the High Court ruled in their favour.
“Government released them from their cells but kept the gates under lock. Now these people sleep in an open space with nothing to keep them warm.
“A day after court ordered their immediate release it rained and these defenceless people and their children had to brave the icy fall and a night on concrete,” revealed Moseki.
The Human Rights activist accused the Botswana government of ‘xenophobic tendencies' in its handling of the issue.
“The government has lied to the public; they have manufactured stories that some of the released asylum seekers have left the Dukwi Refugee camp and cannot be traced. That is a lie. The court order never said these people should be taken to Dukwi, it said they should be released, so most of these people left,” he blasted.
Moseki claimed that government seem determined to ‘break the asylum seekers into submission' by denying them basic amenities like food and shelter.
“There were people who attempted to feed these asylum seekers from outside but government has since stopped that – instead they are now being fed leftovers,” he said.
Warning that the government's actions were setting a dangerous precedent, Moseki added angrily, “We have a government that does not respect its own courts. We are slowly becoming a banana republic where a government can defy a court order!”
The fiery lawyer further said the asylum seekers are guarded around the clock by armed guards.
“Imagine that these people were granted their freedom by a court of law but they are now being kept under lock and key by the same government, facing the barrel of a gun night and day. All these people have received letters asking them to see the nearest immigration officer to regularise their stay in Botswana. How do they do that when they are under lock and key?” demanded Moseki.
Earlier in July, government, through law firm Collins Newman and Co, applied for a stay of execution pending appeal – an application that was promptly dismissed.
In the application, Director of Refugee Management in the Ministry of Justice, Defence and Security, Thobo Letlhage unsuccessfully argued that the original judgement was wrong.
He stressed that there was limited accommodation at the Dukwi camp.
Letlhage stated that there are no toilets or sanitation facilities at the camp to accommodate or meet the requirements of such a large number of people.
“It doesn't make sense. What the Director is saying is people living under lock and key in Gerald are better off than people in Dukwi,” said Moseki.
Despite the pictorial evidence, the Ministry has rubbished claims that asylum seekers are living in appalling conditions at Gerald.
Principal Public Relations Officer, Samma Tabudi, insisted the government provides the rejected asylum seekers with three cooked meals daily whose ‘quality and portions are adequate and in compliance with daily nutritional requirements'.
“We are informed that some of them decline to eat meals prepared for them,” she said in a response to a questionnaire.
She further said whenever there is overcrowding, mounted marque tents on cement slabs are used for temporary accommodation.
“The Ministry of Defence, Justice and Security has taken note of numerous newspaper articles, which in our view feature sensational and misleading stories targeting the management of refugees and asylum seekers by the Government of Botswana. The articles are unfounded, misleading and inflammatory and in our view meant to cause unnecessary confusion and disorder in the public domain,” she said.
0 Broken-heart syndrome: Can you die from a broken heart?
Can you die from a broken heart?
At times in life, the stress of the loss of a loved one or a devastating medical diagnosis can sure make you think that. But is there a physiological link between heartbreak and a heart that's “broken?”
>> Read more trending news
Doctors say there is, and they even have a name for it -- takotsubo cardiomyopathy, or “broken-heart syndrome.”
The symptoms come on suddenly and are often confused with a heart attack. People who have suffered the loss of a loved one are often affected.
A doctor in Texas suggested Monday that former president George H.W. Bush, who was hospitalized a day after the funeral for his wife, Barbara, could be suffering from the syndrome.
I've seen many people fall apart after the death of a spouse - including developing “broken heart syndrome” (aka Takatsubo's cardiomyopathy). https://t.co/ZyloQ2GXRh — Jason Westin, MD (@DrJasonWestin) April 23, 2018
A spokesman said Bush had an infection that traveled to his bloodstream but that he appeared to be improving. Bush is in intensive care at a Houston hospital.
What is takotsubo cardiomyopathy and will it kill you? Here's a look at the syndrome.
What is it?
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy is a weakening of the heart's main pumping chamber – the left ventricle.
What causes the weakening of the chamber?
It's believed that after a stressful event – such as losing a loved one, being in an accident or experiencing a natural disaster – the release of a large number of stress hormones (such as adrenaline) causes a disruption in the heart's ability to properly pump blood. That disruption weakens the left ventricle and causes it to balloon out as the heart beats.
Is it a heart attack?
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy is not a heart attack. A heart attack happens when a blockage in the arteries of the heart interrupts blood flow, causing tissue to be damaged or destroyed.
Can it kill you?
Yes, you can die from takotsubo cardiomyopathy, generally as a result of arrhythmia, or an irregular heartbeat, but that rarely happens. In fact, most people recover from the condition within a few weeks to a month.
Some people believe the takotsubo cardiomyopathy may have contributed to the death of actress Debbie Reynolds, who died in December 2016, a day after her daughter, actress and author Carrie Fisher died of a heart attack. Debbie Reynolds' cause of death was listed as an intracerebral hemorrhage or a stroke.
What are the symptoms?
The symptoms mimic a heart attack – chest pain and shortness of breath after severe stress. An electrocardiogram can show abnormalities that look like a heart attack, but with takotsubo cardiomyopathy, there will be no evidence of coronary artery obstruction that would cause a heart attack.
Tests will show abnormal movements and ballooning of the left ventricle.
Who generally suffers from broken-heart syndrome?
Overwhelmingly, it is a condition from which women suffer. According to a Harvard Medical School report, research shows women account for 90 percent of the cases diagnosed. The women in that study were between the ages of 58 and 75.
How is it treated?
Doctors usually prescribe medications such as diuretics (“water pills”), beta blockers and ACE inhibitors. They often prescribe aspirin, as well.
What does the name mean?
Takotsubo syndrome is named after a type of fishing pot used by Japanese fishermen. The pot is used to trap an octopus.
The name comes from images of the heart following an occurrence of takotsubo. The ballooning of the left ventricle causes the heart to take on a shape similar to the fishing pot.
Japanese doctors are credited with discovering the condition. It has only recently been recognized in the United States, according to the Harvard report.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different “American Idol” alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to “tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities.” PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and “ahhhh,” plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
Related: FBI arrest man in alleged July 4 attack plan in Cleveland
Related: Trudeau, NATO leaders gearing up for defence spending debate with Trump
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday “seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have.”
“How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?” he asks.
But in rural Shelby County, Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America.
“I love the holiday because it's our independence,” he said.
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men & women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America – & we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! pic.twitter.com/FQ1D7oEta2 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2018
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
OPP are investigating after a Yamaha motorcycle and a Chevrolet van collided at an intersection Sunday afternoon in Tecumseh.
Essex Windsor Emergency Medical Services and Tecumseh Fire Rescue Service attended to the call with OPP at the intersection of Essex Country Roads 19 and 46.
The driver and passenger of the motorcycle were pronounced dead at the scene, their names have not yet been released.
READ MORE: OPP Underwater Unit investigating after vehicle drives off cliff into Lake Erie
Charges against the driver of the Chevrolet van are pending.
AM980 will provide further details as they become available.
Advertisement
The US Supreme Court on Monday denied a last-minute request from Arkansas state authorities for permission to carry out its first execution in more than a decade.
The US high court decision is the latest in a flurry of legal setbacks to the southeastern state's original plan to carry out eight executions between April 17 and 27, an unprecedented pace.
Justices declined an appeal from the state's attorney general to lift a stay barring the execution of Don Davis, who was slated to be the first of several inmates to die this month.
The Arkansas Supreme Court on Monday had blocked the executions of Davis and one other inmate, after lawyers had requested the executions be delayed until the US Supreme Court hears a separate case concerning prisoners' access to mental health experts who are independent of the prosecution.
But Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge swiftly filed an application with the US Supreme Court to obtain permission to proceed with the execution of just Davis.
As he awaited the court to decide his fate Davis ate fried chicken, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake — what could have been his last meal.
The US Supreme court's denial of the state's request came minutes before Davis's execution warrant expired at 12:00 am local time (0500 GMT), wrapping up a day of legal wrangling among state and federal courts over the state's accelerated execution plan.
– ‘An exhausting day' –
The legal roadblock constitutes yet another setback for Arkansas's Republican governor, Asa Hutchinson, who had pushed for the accelerated executions as the expiration of the state's supply of midazolam drew near.
“While this has been an exhausting day for all involved, tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims' families,” Hutchinson said in a statement.
He said the state would continue towards carrying out the executions of the other inmates.
Advertisement
Hours prior to the US Supreme Court decision, state courts had lifted obstacles to continuing those plans.
The US Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit on Monday reversed a federal judge's broader stay on the executions, clearing the path for deaths scheduled to take place later this month to proceed.
The state's Supreme Court on Monday also vacated an order blocking the use of the drug vecuronium bromide as part of a lethal-injection protocol.
– Drug expiration nears –
The drugs used in lethal injections by some American states — 19 of the 50 no longer execute prisoners — have become increasingly difficult to obtain. Many pharmaceutical companies, particularly in Europe, ban their use for executions.
While lethal injection was meant to be painless, death-penalty opponents say the risk of badly botched executions, with inmates writhing in agony for long minutes, is unacceptably high.
Arkansas's plan to reduce the number of its death-row prisoners by some 20 percent in the space of a week and a half has drawn sharp protests around the world.
The European Union on Wednesday urged Hutchinson to commute the death-row inmates' sentences.
Amnesty International called on Arkansas to urgently halt “the conveyor belt of death which it is about to set in motion.”
The court battles are playing out on multiple fronts as the state's supply of midazolam expires on April 30.
Critics say that midazolam, a sedative meant to render a condemned person unconscious before other drugs are used to stop the heart, does not always work.
Some inmates have been left partly conscious, struggling for breath and writhing for nearly an hour before dying.
Lawyers for the condemned also say that the accelerated executions could take a severe toll on the small team of penitentiary employees who carry out the death penalty, and who have not had to do so for 12 years.
No single US state has held eight executions in 10 days since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
The last time US astronauts visited the Moon was during the Apollo missions of the 1960s and 1970s.
WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump directed NASA on Monday (Dec 11) to send Americans to the Moon for the first time in decades, a move he said would help prepare for a future Mars trip.
"This time we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint," Trump said at the White House as he signed the new space policy directive.
"We will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps someday to many worlds beyond."
The last time US astronauts visited the Moon was during the Apollo missions of the 1960s and 1970s.
On Jul 20, 1969, US astronaut Neil Armstrong became the first man to walk on the Moon.
Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, who heads the newly revitalised National Space Council, have previously vowed to explore the Moon again, but offered few details.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Flanked by Pence and two female astronauts, Trump said the directive "will refocus the space program on human exploration and discovery," and "marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the Moon for the first time since 1972."
The goal of the new Moon missions would include "long-term exploration and use" of its surface.
A White House statement said the US "will work with other nations and private industry to return astronauts to the Moon, developing the technology and means for manned exploration of Mars and other destinations in our solar system."
Sending people to the Red Planet has been a goal of the United States for years.
The first manned Mars mission is planned for sometime in the 2030s.
It certainly was a Grand evening as businesses from across the south coast gathered in Brighton to celebrate excellence, but also to compete for the top prize.
Returning for a seventh year, the Johnston Press South Business Awards are dedicated to recognising, rewarding and celebrating local businesses.
Taking place at Brighton's Grand Hotel, the awards were presented by TV personality Nick Wallis on Friday night.
After a strong showing at their local JP Awards, Chichester's Guardian Angel Carers sccoped the top prize Overall Business Of The Year, as well as Large Business of the Year.
Business owner and managing director, Christina Bassadone, said: “It's absolutely amazing. It's just such a privilege.
“We had a hard year last year, this is such a huge boost to the team.
“I do not think staff always get the recognition they deserve. I really hope that they take a lot of inspiration from the award.
“Also a huge thank you to all of our carers for all of the wonderfuil work in the community.”
With so many fabulous restaurants and eateries across the region, it seems impossible to pick one to top them all.
But judges singled out Olive and Vine in Midhurst for the coveted Place to Eat or Drink Award, praising a business formed when its founders took a leap of faith and backed themselves.
Dean Brown-fuller, owner of Olive and Vine, said: “It's an amazing experience for a small business like ourselves to get the recognition.
He praised the work of his staff, adding: “They do really hard work and it is great to see it rewarded.”
Looking ahead, Mr Brown-fuller said he is looking forward to growing the business's outdoor catering arm and work more events in the open air.
The world of business can be tough for anyone, especially for those who are just starting out.
Brandon Relph from Go Creative in Eastbourne wowed judges for all he has achieved at such a young age, taking home the Young Achiever award.
Sam Worsey said it was ‘overwhelming' to win the Retailer of the Year award for her business, Southsea Bathing Hut in Portsmouth.
Beaming as she held her glass trophy she said: “We were thrilled to win Retailer of the Year on our home turf at the Portsmouth awards.
“We never would have imagined we would go into this huge event [JP South Business Awards] and win.
“It is amazing for our confidence, we are still a team of three.
“Things like this genuinely give us an extra rocket.”
One of the things the JP South Business Awards seeks to celebrate is companies making a difference in their local area.
This year Talks at Six, a Chichester forum which provides interesting talks on a range of subjects in aid of charity, took home the Outstanding Contribution to the Community award.
Marilyn Humphrey, the founder of Talks at Six, said: “It is a forum for local people. We have raised over £7,500 for in the last 15 months.
“Thank you to my son Freddie who has always been a support to me.”
Guardian Angel Carers won both the Large Business of the Year award and the Overall Business of the Year Award
Full list of winners:
Customer Service award – Gardiner and Scardifield, Worthing
Best Startup Business – Bespoke You Beauty Retreat and Spar, Worthing
Innovation award – Ricardo Plc, Shoreham
Small Business award – Pearl Fit Out Ltd, Portsmouth
Green Business of the Year – Nature Shop, Worthing
Training and Development award – Tim Sorensen
Hospitality, Tourism and Leisure award – Bunn Leisure
Medium-sized Business award – Transalis, Portsmouth
Outstanding Contribution to the Community – Talks at 6, Chichester
Employer of the Year – Digi Tool Box Ltd
Best Employee or Best Team – GTMS, Waterlooville
Place to Eat or Drink award – The Olive and Vine, Chichester
Young Achiever award – Brandon Relph, Go Creative in Eastbourne
Manufacturing and Construction award – Si Protech
Large Business of the Year – Guardian Angel Carers, Chichester
Retailer of the Year – Southsea Bathing Hut, Portsmouth
Business Personality of the Year – Dawn Lawrence, managing director of Q Hair and Beauty, Chichester
Lifetime Achievement award – Martin Putman (retired) Port Director, Portsmouth
Overall Business of the Year – Guardian Angel Carers, Chichester
BARCELONA are reportedly interested in signing Chelsea star Willian - but how could the Brazilian fit in at the Nou Camp?
“Willian could be on his way out of Chelsea this summer”
Willian, 29, joined Chelsea back in 2013.
He has since gone onto enjoy great success at Stamford Bridge, scoring 44 times in 236 games.
Those strikes have often been crucial in the club's two Premier League title wins over the past five years.
However, the Brazil international could be on his way out of west London this summer.
Willian is believed to be on Barcelona's wish list, and the player is said to be desperate to get out of Stamford Bridge.
He wishes to fulfil a lifelong dream of playing alongside Lionel Messi and feels this could represent his last chance to do so.
So, how could Willian fit in at the Nou Camp if he does end up making the switch?
We've tailored a potential starting XI Barça fans could see next term with the Blues winger in their ranks.
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO SEE HOW CHELSEA STAR WILLIAN COULD SLOT INTO BARCELONA'S SIDE IF HE MAKES THE MOVE THIS SUMMER.
Romania's ruling leftist Social Democrats (PSD) will withdraw political support for the six-month-old cabinet of Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu on Wednesday, two senior coalition politicians said.
BUCHAREST: Romania's ruling leftist Social Democrats (PSD) will withdraw political support for the six-month-old cabinet of Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu on Wednesday, two senior coalition politicians said.
The junior member of Romania's ruling coalition, ALDE, said earlier in the day that it had pulled ministers out of the six-month-old, PSD-led government and withdrawn support for Grindeanu.
Grindeanu, a Social Democrat, has been under pressure to reshuffle his team, with some senior politicians from both the PSD and ALDE accusing his cabinet of poor performance and failing to uphold the governing programme.
(Reporting by Radu Marinas; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Advertisement
Former Governor of Abia State, Dr. Orji Kalu, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to give equal attention to states in the South East and South South geopolitical zones in relation to other states.
Kalu has also called on the Federal Government to strengthen institutions saddled with responsibility of maintaining law and order, adding that no meaningful development can take place in an atmosphere of disorder and chaos.
Kalu, who maintained that fairness and justice are key in promoting a decent society, pointed out that the hope of the common man is the judiciary, noting that nobody should be above the law.
The businessman cum politician made the call on Sunday at the residence of Chief Goddy Imo in Ohafia, Abia State.
He said: Without equal opportunity extended to Nigerians regardless of tribal, religious, political and economic differences, it will be difficult to achieve our collective dream of a better Nigeria.
“Ndigbo are not asking for much.
“They are only seeking for fair and equal opportunity as accorded to other tribes.
Advertisement
“To achieve a united country, no one should be exempted from development.
“All states, especially South East and South South, ought to be given equal share and opportunity of development.
“When equal attention is given to every state, it will facilitate development and peaceful cohesion among all.”
The former governor also reiterated his stand on peaceful co-existence among all tribes, adding that it is more beneficial for Nigeria to grow as one.
Kalu equally called on Nigerians to sustain their support for the President Buhari-led administration, pointing out that the country's lost glory will soon be restored.
According to him: “Those capitalizing on the President's health to criticise him are ignorant of nature.
“Any body can fall sick.
“The President has been doing well, especially in the area of security.
“He only needs to fine tune his economic policies for a turn around.
“Nigerians are not asking for much.
“They are only asking for food on their table, good health care and security of life and property among other basic necessities.”
(Reuters Health) - Adolescent girls are more than twice as likely to smoke marijuana if they're pregnant, a U.S. study suggests.
While previous research has tied teen drug and alcohol use to higher odds of multiple sex partners and pregnancy, the current study offers fresh insight into marijuana use among young women.
About 14 percent of pregnant girls ages 12 to 17 smoke marijuana, compared to roughly 6 percent of their non-pregnant peers, the study found. By contrast, older pregnant women were at least half as likely to smoke pot as their peers.
Among all pregnant women ages 12 to 44 in the study, about 6 percent reported marijuana use during the first trimester, while 3 percent said they smoked pot in the second trimester and about 2 percent use the drug in the third and final trimester.
“These findings should be considered in a broader context in which young people increasingly view marijuana not just as a benign, but even as a beneficial drug,” said lead study author Dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse in Bethesda, Maryland.
“The higher prevalence of marijuana use observed in the first trimester as opposed to later in the pregnancy, suggests that some women are likely to resort to marijuana for managing their nausea,” Volkow added by email.
Doctors advise women to completely avoid marijuana during pregnancy because it may have negative effects on fetal neurodevelopment, especially during the first trimester.
For the study, researchers examined survey data on marijuana use reported by 410,000 women aged 12 to 44, including 14,400 who were pregnant. The national survey data was collected from 2002 to 2015.
Overall, about 4 percent of pregnant women and almost 8 percent of non-pregnant women reported using marijuana, researchers report in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
In both pregnant and non-pregnant groups, women who were at least 26 years old were less likely to use marijuana than younger women.
Among pregnant women, black women were more likely to report marijuana use than other racial and ethnic groups.
One limitation of the study is that it relied on women to accurately report their drug use, which may mean the results underestimate how much people use it, the authors note.
Even so, the findings are a reminder that despite declining teen pregnancy rates, parents and doctors should still keep in mind that these young women may be more likely to engage in risky behaviors than their peers, said Patricia Cavazos-Rehg of the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis.
“We have known for some time that certain groups of adolescents are prone to deviant behaviors, but we need to know more about the unique environmental and/or biological vulnerability factors that influence the tendency for risk behavior engagement at the outset,” Cavazos-Rehg, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
The trouble with pot smoking for pregnant teens is it may be even more dangerous for them than for older women, said Dr. Nathaniel DeNicola of George Washington University in Washington, D.C.
“Drug use, and marijuana use specifically, is underreported by all age groups, and there is reason to think this is higher among teens,” DeNicola, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
“But the bigger issue: marijuana use is different among teens - it's more dangerous,” DeNicola added. “There are more adverse and consequential impacts on the still-developing brain.”
For some teens, just telling about the risk of pot during pregnancy may be enough to get them to stop, noted Dr. Seth Ammerman of Stanford University and Lucile Packard Children's Hospital in California.
“Some of these adolescents who are using do not initially realize they are pregnant, but once they find out and are counseled to stop use, a significant number do, so rates decrease from the first trimester on,” Ammerman, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2oF6436 Annals of Internal Medicine, online April 17, 2017.
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe has expressed disgust over social media reports that it was reintroducing local currency, describing it as false.
RBZ Governor John Mangudya said the RBZ wishes to advise members of the public that an article circulated on social media regarding the reintroduction of the Zimbabwe dollar is false and malicious.
"The RBZ dismisses the false article on the reintroduction of the local currency with the contempt it deserves.. Members of the public should ignore the social media article which has apparently been created and circulated by people who seem bent on manipulating parallel market rates for personal gain at the expense of the unsuspecting members of the public," he said.
"The article is also calculated to cause unnecessary anxiety, panic, alarm and despondency within the national economy. The country will continue using the multi-currency system in line with government policy and the bank shall continue to procure cash in foreign currency to support the multicurrency system."
Alternative asset manager Blackstone Group LP is still open to doing deals in Italy despite political turmoil in the euro zone country, President and Chief Operating Officer Jon Gray said on Wednesday.
NEW YORK: Alternative asset manager Blackstone Group LP is still open to doing deals in Italy despite political turmoil in the euro zone country, President and Chief Operating Officer Jon Gray said on Wednesday.
"Sure," Gray said at a conference organized by Deutsche Bank, when asked if the firm would be bought Italian assets right now. "It's a function of price."
Advertisement
In January, Blackstone agreed to buy a majority stake in the Financial and Risk business of Thomson Reuters Corp , , the parent company of Reuters News, in a US$20 billion deal. Reuters News will remain part of Thomson Reuters.
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
European regulators approved 39 new cancer drugs between 2009 and 2013 despite having no evidence that they worked, unnecessarily exposing patients to toxicity, researchers said Thursday.The number represented more than half the 68 cancer treatments to become available for European patients during this period, they said, "raising serious questions about the current standards of drug regulation."Writing in The BMJ medical journal, a team of public health experts expressed concern about the approval of often-pricey cancer drugs by the EU regulator, the European Medicines Agency (EMA)."This situation has negative implications for patients and public health," they concluded."When expensive drugs that lack clinically meaningful benefits are approved and paid for within publicly funded healthcare systems, individual patients can be harmed, important societal resources wasted, and the delivery of equitable and affordable care undermined."Many of the drugs were approved on the basis of inconclusive, early test results which were unable to predict whether they would actually make a patient better.Another study, published in 2015, had found that most cancer drugs approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) between 2008 and 2012, similarly came with no evidence that they boosted patient survival or improved quality of life.One of the authors of the American study, Vinay Prasad from the Oregon Health & Science University, pointed out that the average cancer drug in the US costs more than $100,000 (85,000 euros) per person per year."In the US, this broken system means huge expenditures on cancer drugs with certain toxicity but uncertain benefit," he wrote in a comment also carried by The BMJ."The US Medicare programme is legally required to pay for any drug approved by the FDA without negotiation on price."Given the toxicity and expense of cancer drugs, patients should be exposed only "when they can reasonably expect an improvement in survival or quality of life," said Prasad.Approached for comment, the EMA said it "has discussed the evidence underpinning cancer medicines widely and welcomes further debate on this."
“Cafu picked up two World Cups, as many Copa Americas and a Confederations Cup in 142 caps for Brazil”
The former right-back is one of the greatest Brazilian players in history, winning two World Cups, as many Copa Americas and a Confederations Cup in 142 caps.
He also enjoyed a stellar club career.
In 525 club appearances, Cafu picked up the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup at Real Zaragoza in 1994/95 before winning the Serie A with Roma in 2000/01.
He then collected two UEFA Super Cups, a Champions League and the Serie A again with AC Milan.
And speaking to The Guardian ahead of the 2018 World Cup in Russia, which kicks off in almost two weeks' time, Cafu has chosen his all-time Brazil XI.
Real Madrid and Barcelona greats feature in the side.
Brazil are set to take on Switzerland in their first World Cup group-stage clash at the Rostov Arena on June 17.
They then come up against Costa Rica at the Saint Petersburg Stadium five days later, before facing Serbia in their final Group E encounter at the Otkrytiye Arena on June 27.
But which players has Cafu picked in his ultimate Brazil line-up?
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO SEE WHO MAKES IT INTO CAFU'S ALL-TIME BRAZIL XI.
The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure his side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
AUCKLAND: The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure his side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
Hansen's side face their South Pacific neighbours for just the seventh time as part of a Pasifika doubleheader at Eden Park, with Wales playing Tonga beforehand after their game was moved from Nuku'alofa due to concerns over the pitch condition.
New Zealand Rugby organised the match specifically to aid Hansen's team preparations for their series against the British and Irish Lions, which starts on June 24.
"Whilst the Lions is a dance that is happening in the background and we're watching that with interest of course, the responsibility to the jersey and those who have been before us means that we go out and take this test match seriously and respect Samoan rugby for what it is," Hansen told reporters.
"They're a very good rugby team and on their day can cause an upset. We don't want to be that upset."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hansen has named arguably his strongest side possible for the match against Alama Ieremia's team, with only captain Kieran Read (thumb) and Dane Coles (concussion) missing.
The selection, he added, had been relatively simple with his desire to give the team likely to face the Lions the chance to shake out any cobwebs before the big dance.
"A win is getting a game of footy and getting some combinations," he said. "You just can't flick your fingers and say you're away.
"If we can get through the game and get them back into the All Blacks way, playing with some accuracy, pace and intensity will be good."
New Zealand have won all six of their previous matches against the Pacific islanders, who have in the past proved stubborn to break down before the All Blacks cranked up the pressure to run away with five of the six games.
Samoa are also using the test as preparations for their own game against Wales in Apia before World Cup qualifying clashes against Tonga and Fiji.
Ieremia, who played for both Samoa and the All Blacks, has chosen arguably his strongest team, with the majority based in Europe while former Canterbury Crusaders centre Kieron Fonotia is the only debutant in the starting side.
"We believe it's a team that can challenge the All Blacks," Ieremia said this week. "We have picked guys who are used to this sort of tempo.
"The All Blacks are not a team you can experiment with. This is our strongest side. The gauge for us is about where we're at as a team, and we'll find out after this test match."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
By Sam Skopp
After years at unit G8A in Bergamot Station, bG Gallery is moving to a new location on Ocean Park Boulevard after the sale of the private building in which the gallery has been housed. Jan. 28 was the final day that the gallery was open to the public, celebrating Saturday, Jan. 27 with a “moving out” party of sorts, closing the doors on the gallery's longtime home.
“People are sad about the whole thing, but are wishing us well,” said Mark Mcalinden, the gallery's Head of Collection Consultation.
ADVERTISEMENT
Alongside providing refreshments to visitors to the final celebration of the old gallery space, artist John Kilduff painted “ice cream portraits,” paintings of faces on ice cream cones.
The gallery also sold works from its back room, in addition to what was on display on the walls: a group show featuring works from past exhibits or otherwise owned by the gallery.
“This is from the past few years,” said McAlinden. “Some things are from the LA Art Show. Some we had in storage. It's our last hurrah sale. It's a chance for artists to come and buy other artists' work or pick up their own work.”
The gallery's new space will open in March, but until then will hold walk-in office hours in the Building Bridges Gallery in unit F2 at Bergamot Station, as well as conducting home visits for purchasing of artwork.
The gallery is also collaborating with other arts spaces with several pop-up exhibits around town including: “Exhibition: ‘The Ocean of Memories',” at the Taiwan Academy, curated by Henry Lien; “Grayscale Wonderland III”, curated by gallery owner Om Bleicher at the FM Gallery (both currently on display); and “Linda Vallejo: Brown Oscars”, at The Mezz Gallery at the Montalban.
For more information on all things bG Gallery, visit santamonica.bgartdealings.com.
Detroit Tigers' Ian Kinsler, left, argues with crew chief Ted Barrett, right, after Kinsler was ejected by home plate umpire Angel Hernandez in the fifth inning. (Photo: Tony Gutierrez, Associated Press)
Michael Fulmer was roughed up in his first start since July 31 on Monday night as the Tigers lost to the Rangers 6-2 in Arlington.
After spending the past couple of weeks on the disabled list, Fulmer took the mound Monday night hoping to get back on track, but that wasn't the case.
In fact, he went just five full innings, allowing seven hits and three walks, which resulted in five earned runs. He struck out two batters.
The Tigers' offense couldn't help him out much after the first inning. Justin Upton's two-run homer in the first was all they could muster for the entirety of Fulmer's time on the mound, but they stranded runners left and right throughout the remainder of the game.
Rangers (57-60) starter Martin Perez deserves the credit for the Tigers' silence on offense. He went six innings, allowing just two earned runs on six hits while striking out two. Yet again, the Tiger offense couldn't do much against an otherwise struggling starter.
Mikie Mahtook did have a strong night, though, leading the Tigers (53-65) with a 3-for-4 line.
The Rangers were led by Rougned Odor and Nomar Mazara who each went 3-for-4. Joey Gallo added a monster home run to center.
Ian Kinsler and Brad Ausmus provided the only Tigers fireworks since the first inning as they were tossed in the top of the fifth after arguing balls and strikes.
A red-hot Justin Verlander (8-7, 3.97 ERA) will look to stop the bleeding for the Tigers on Tuesday while A.J. Griffin (5-3, 5.40) will get the nod for the Rangers.
Top 9th: Rangers 6, Tigers 2
Alex Claudio looks to finish off the game for the Rangers on the mound.
John Hicks ended his hitless night with a single to left. It was the Tigers' first hit since the fifth inning.
Victor Martinez then flew out to center. James McCann singled to center with one out. Alex Presley then struck out swinging.
Jose Iglesias loaded the bases with a single to right field. Dixon Machado then struck out on an ugly swing to end the game.
Bottom 8th: Rangers 6, Tigers 2
Drew VerHagen took the mound once again for the Tigers.
Mike Napoli flew out to left field, Rougned Odor struck out swinging at a pitch in the dirt and Robinson Chirinos popped out to third.
Top 8th: Rangers 6, Tigers 2
Matt Bush took the mound in relief for the Rangers.
Dixon Machado worked a leadoff walk. Mikie Mahtook was then retired for the first time in the contest, striking out swinging. A wild pitch with Justin Upton at the plate moved Machado to second. Upton then grounded out to second as Machado advanced to third.
Nick Castellanos then lined out to a leaping Adrian Beltre at third.
Bottom 7th: Rangers 6, Tigers 2
Drew VerHagen entered the game in relief.
Elvin Andrus singled to lead off the bottom half. Nomar Mazara hit an infield single off VerHagen which rolled to third. Adrian Beltre then hit into a 6-4-3 double play, moving Andrus to third.
Joey Gallo grounded out to first to end the inning.
Top 7th: Rangers 6, Tigers 2
Ricky Rodriguez entered the game in relief for Martin Perez in his major league debut.
James McCann struck out looking, Alex Presley struck out looking and Jose Iglesias lined out to first for a quick inning.
Bottom 6th: Rangers 6, Tigers 2
Michael Fulmer's night was done after five as he was replaced to start the sixth by Jeff Ferrell.
Mike Napoli flew out to right before Rougned Odor knocked a one-out single to center. Odor then stole second base and the ball was kicked by the runner into the outfield, moving to third.
Robinson Chirinos then blooped an RBI single to center. Drew Robinson grounded into a fielder's choice as Chirinos was forced at second. Delino DeShields popped out to first base to end the sixth.
Top 6th: Rangers 5, Tigers 2
Nick Castellanos chopped one slowly back to the mound and Martin Perez made an athletic play, throwing him out at first. John Hicks was then caught looking for strike three. Victor Martinez grounded out to short to end the top half.
Bottom 5th: Rangers 5, Tigers 2
Finally, Michael Fulmer retired an inning's leadoff batter, Nomar Mazara, in the fifth. Adrian Beltre then struck out swinging. Joey Gallo lined one hard to center, but it was caught on the run by Mikie Mahtook.
Top 5th: Rangers 5, Tigers 2
Jose Iglesias popped up to shallow center on the second pitch for the first out. After being openly frustrated with Angel Hernandez's strike zone, Ian Kinsler took a look at the umpire and was thrown out mid-at-bat. Brad Ausmus came out to argue and was tossed as well.
Dixon Machado resumed Kinsler's at-bat with a 1-1 count. He grounded out to third. Mikie Mahtook then hit a soft grounder to short and beat it out for a two-out infield single. An awkward swing on a strike three by Justin Upton ended the rally bid.
Bottom 4th: Rangers 5, Tigers 2
For the fourth straight frame, the Rangers led off by getting a man on base. Rougned Odor doubled on a hustle play to right center. Robinson Chirinos hit a sacrifice bunt back to Michael Fulmer as he only had a play at first. Odor moved over to third.
Drew Robinson drove in Odor with a weak single through the left side of the infield. A ground ball by Delino DeShields to second looked like a tailor-made double play, but Ian Kinsler's throw to first was wide. DeShields made it to second. Elvis Andrus flew out to shallow right center to end the inning.
Top 4th: Rangers 4, Tigers 2
John Hicks hit a slow tapper back to the mound and nearly beat it out for an infield single. Martin Perez nabbed him, though. Victor Martinez swung on the first pitch and drove one deep to right, but it was caught on the warning track.
James McCann hit a two-out single to shallow center. Alex Presley lined out to left to end the top half.
Bottom 3rd: Rangers 4, Tigers 2
For the third straight inning, the leadoff hitter reached base. Nomar Mazara led off with a scorching single to center. Adrian Beltre hit into a much-needed double play to third, helping Michael Fulmer's pitch count immensely.
Joey Gallo hit a deep homer to center, though, his 33rd of the year. Mike Napoli ended the inning with a groundout to short.
Top 3rd: Rangers 3, Tigers 2
Jose Iglesias flew out to right field to kick things off. Ian Kinsler then grounded out softly to first. Mikie Mahtook was knocked down, nearly hit by a pitch, and then smacked a single up the middle.
Justin Upton worked a full-count before walking on a pitch in the dirt. Nick Castellanos ended the two-out threat with a lazy fly out to right.
Bottom 2nd: Rangers 3, Tigers 2
Rougned Odor picked up right where the Rangers left off in the first, dropping down a bunt single as Michael Fulmer couldn't field it properly. Robinson Chirinos then smacked a single through the left side of the infield.
A pickoff throw to second place looked to get Odor, but Jose Iglesias didn't toss to third to try and nab the runner. It went as a stolen base, putting runners at the corners with no outs. He then got Drew Robinson looking with a called strike three for the first out.
Delino DeShields performed a safety squeeze, bunting right in front of the plate as James McCann fielded it and tossed to first for the out. Odor scored and Chirinos made it to second safely. Elvin Andrus ended the inning with a lineout to first.
Top 2nd: Tigers 2, Rangers 2
Victor Martinez led off the second with a long single nearly splitting the left-center field gap. James McCann then grounded into a double play to third. Alex Presley grounded out to first as pitcher Martin Perez covered the bag at first.
Bottom 1st: Tigers 2, Rangers 2
Michael Fulmer took the mound after a short stint on the DL.
After nearly hitting Delino DeShields, Fulmer struggled with his command, walking the leadoff hitter on four pitches. Command clearly a looming issue, Elvis Andrus worked a seven-pitch walk.
Nomar Mazara muscled a single to shallow center field and DeShields scored easily and Andrus moved to third. Adrian Beltre hit a sacrifice fly to right field, plating Andrus. After getting ahead of Joey Gallo 0-2, Fulmer then walked him on four consecutive balls.
Mike Napoli ended the 27-pitch half-inning with a double play.
Top 1st: Tigers 2, Rangers 0
Leading off against his former team, also after missing Sunday's game, Ian Kinsler bounced out weakly to short.
Staying hot, Mikie Mahtook smacked a one-out single into right field. Justin Upton, hitting .128 career in Arlington, drove a home run to center field to give the Tigers a 2-0 lead. It was Upton's 23rd homer of the year.
Nick Castellanos grounded out to short and John Hicks was robbed of a hit to center thanks to a diving catch by Drew Robinson.
Michael Fulmer is back. Miguel Cabrera is not. Not yet, anyway.
Fulmer, the Tigers' right-hander, makes his first start Monday night since a stint on the disabled list with right ulnar neuritis. He faces the Rangers, with first pitch scheduled for 8:05 p.m.
Fulmer (10-9, 3.59 ERA) hasn't pitched since July 31, when he allowed seven runs (six earned) on seven hits and three walks over six innings in a loss to the Yankees.
The Tigers will back him with a lineup minus Cabrera, who will miss his second full game with lower back stiffness, after pulling himself out of Saturday night's game against the Twins.
John Hicks is starting at first base, batting fifth. Third baseman Nick Castellanos is hitting cleanup.
The Tigers are facing Rangers lefty Martin Perez (6-10, 5.18 ERA).
TIGERS AT RANGERS
First pitch: 8:05 p.m. Monday, Globe Life Park, Arlington, Texas.
TV/radio: Fox Sports Detroit/97.1 FM
Records: The Tigers are 53-64, fourth place in the American League Central Division, 11 games behind the Cleveland Indians, and seven games behind a wild-card spot. The Rangers are 56-60, fourth place in the AL West, 15,5 games behind the Houston Astros, and 3.5 games behind a wild-card spot.
TIGERS LINEUP
1. Ian Kinsler, 2B
2. Mikie Mahtook, CF
3. Justin Upton, LF
4. Nick Castellanos, 3B
5. John Hicks, 1B
6. Victor Martinez, DH
7. James McCann, C
8. Alex Presley, RF
9. Jose Iglesias, SS
SP: Michael Fulmer, RHP
RANGERS LINEUP
1. Delino DeShields, DH
2. Elvis Andrus, SS
3. Nomar Mazara, RF
4. Adrian Beltre, 3B
5. Joey Gallo, LF
6. Mike Napoli, 1B
7. Rougned Odor, 2B
8. Robinson Chirinos, C
9. Drew Robinson, CF
SP: Martin Perez, LHP
REUTERS: Spain sealed their place in the 2018 World Cup as Group G winners after storming to a 3-0 win over Albania on Friday with a ruthless first half display, while nearest challengers Italy were held to a draw by Macedonia.
Valencia forward Rodrigo Moreno marked his first international start by opening the scoring in the 16th minute, chesting down an outrageously stylish pass from Isco to swivel and fire into the top corner.
Real Madrid midfielder Isco then shot high into the net in the 23rd to complete an equally impressive move of short floor passes between David Silva and Koke, while Thiago Alcantara scored the third three minutes later with a thumping header from a pinpoint cross from debutant Alvaro Odriozola.
The only downside for Spain was a shaky performance from Gerard Pique, who was booed by large sections of the Alicante crowd every time he touched the ball following his support for last Sunday's referendum on Catalan independence and was substituted by Lopetegui after an hour was up.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Rex Gowar)
Getty Images
Jets quarterback Josh McCown broke his left hand in Denver on Sunday and will have more tests on Monday to find out if he'll need to have surgery to repair an injury that ended the longest run of success he's had as an NFL starter.
McCown was emotional in the locker room after the game, saying “it's been the best because of the guys” while expressing uncertainty about what will come next.
“You never know,” McCown said, via Newsday. “You get flooded with emotions of all those things, because you don't know. It's a family decision every year. I don't know what's next. The possibility of something coming to an end, you just don't know. So yeah, it's just emotional, because I love these guys so much, love these coaches and love this organization. It means a lot to me to be here. … Just the scope of each year, not wanting to finish this way, and obviously, when you come to this point in your career, each year is so special and precious. You don't want it to end this way. You're thinking through everything, thinking through the game, just thinking through everything. Thinking through 16 years. It's just emotional. I'm very, very thankful. I hate that it went this way, but I'm just so thankful that I got to be a part of this.”
Offensive coordinator John Morton said last week that he'd be in favor of bringing McCown back for another season and that seems possible if the Jets don't make a move for another veteran quarterback come the offseason. If not, McCown, who will be 39 when next season starts, would have to start over somewhere else once again.
Former Minister of Special Duties, Alhaji Kabiru Tanimu Turaki, on Wednesday officially declared his intention to contest the 2019 presidential election on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).
He announced a former ‎governor of Adamawa State, Boni Haruna, as the Director General of his Campaign Organisation ‎and former Minister of Niger Delta affairs, Dr Steve Oruh as Deputy Director General, South.
‎Others vying for the PDP ticket are ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar; ex governor of Jigawa State, Sule Lamido; ex governor of Kano State, Ibrahim Shekarau; ex Senate President, David Mark; Governor Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo of Gombe and ex governor of Kaduna State, Sen. Ahmed Makarfi.
Addressing newsmen in Abuja, Turaki said all of them were qualified and any one who wins at the primary would defeat President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019.
“I went to sit down with everyone of them. We have spoken and we have understood each other. We have a serious national problem that Nigerians have come to see PDP as a saviour of this country.
“If therefore, Nigerians have said that PDP is the only vehicle that will rescue them from this situation, then we the gladiators must be able to subject our interest to the larger interest of Nigerians.
“Anybody who gets this ticket, we have the understanding, all of us will join hands and support him. We feel that we have what it takes to unify Nigerians.
“We need a winning team that can provide a level-playing ground and opportunities irrespective of where you come from,” he said.
Meanwhile, Atiku had appointed a former governor of Ogun State, Gbenga Daniel, as his campaign director.
Bhubaneswar: Inaugurating the 5th International Biennial Conference of Indian Heritage Network (IHCN), Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik said “ along with development of modern amenities and facilities, our cities should also be vibrant with the socio-cultural life, centered around heritage, art and craft.''
“There are several cities in India and abroad where this has been done and I am hopeful that the conference will be a platform for exchange of ideas and best practices in this field. At the same time, I also hope more cultural sites of Odisha to come into the purview of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. My Government is committed towards taking steps towards identifying, preserving and protecting these sites through listing and documentation, preparation of tourism promotion and conservation plans and developing heritage resource management plan,'' he observed.
The Chief Minister also observed “Odisha is known for its rich cultural heritage, with Bhubaneswar at the centre stage. Our Kalingan style of temple architecture, as can be seen in places around Bhubaneswar, Puri and Konark, dates back to the 7th Century A.D and is a great attraction to the people visiting the state. Some of our monuments such as the Sun Temple at Konark, the Jain caves at Khandagiri and Udayagiri have literally preserved our glorious history over thousands of years. Bhubaneswar's cultural heritage is epitomized by Ekamra Khestra, which has been the cultural capital over the centuries.''
“Our monuments and the associated cultural activities play an important role in the lives of people of Odisha and give them a special identity. It is thus necessary to create awareness on our cultural heritage, their protection and preservation from the continuous onslaught of development and its related effect. While developing the Smart City of Bhubaneswar we are laying equal emphasis on preservation of its cultural identity and heritage and also on promotion of tourism,'' he added.
The Chief Minister also inaugurated a students' competition on theme “Smart strategies for maintaining the culture and identity of historic cities”. Undergraduate architecture students participated in the event and displayed their ideas on having management plan for different heritage sites. Students from Odisha displayed two beautiful plans for Dhauli near city and Chandragiri in Gajapati district.
Shigeru Aoyagi, Director and UNESCO representative to India, Bhutan, Maldives and Sri Lanka said there would be better coordination now between IHCN and Bhubaneswar after this event.
Former director UNESCO New Delhi Ms Minja Yang, who is also president and professor, Raymond Lemaire International Centre for Conservation, KU Leuven in Belgium, said “the city authorities can have more heritage linked activities and exchanges with other partner cities through IHCN for knowledge-sharing and experience gathering.
IHCN Chairman Dr. M. Ramachandran, who was a former Secretary MoUD, welcomed the guests and, State H&UD Secretary G Mathi Vathanan gave vote of thanks during the inaugural session.
Later speaking to media persons Vice-Chairman Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) and Municipal Commissioner Dr. Krishan Kumar said “We have started a Heritage Cell in BDA with various experts to take up projects like Heritage Signage, no hoarding zone in Old Town, change in the skyline of the Heritage District with regular enforcement, implementation of guidelines of National Monument Authority.''
The three-day conference will continue till Sunday. Tomorrow there will be a special heritage walk for the delegates and they would be taken for an experience at Ekamra Walks Old Town Circuit.
Another major highlight of tomorrow's event, however, would be a Heritage Dialogue Series to provide a forum for dialogue to understand the challenges in the way of heritage issues. Local experts i.e. historians, archaeologists, planners, developers, administrators, NGOs and agencies working for conservation at local, state and national level will take part in the dialogue on how development policies and practices can be founded on the cultural heritage, value systems, knowledge systems and institutions of the people, who are the subjects or beneficiaries of the development change.
The outcome of the dialogue series is to arrive at policy-level recommendations to address the issues relevant to Odisha and also to raise awareness and be a platform for advocacy. There will also be a discussion on how the traditional communities would benefit from heritage through better participation and greater economic leverage.
In the past IHCNF has conducted biennials at Jaipur, Hyderabad, Mysore and Pune on theme relevant to the heritage sector with the support of the respective State Governments and cities.
image source
Stan Lee was notable for his immense contributions in the world of arts. He is the brain behind most superhero movies like Spider-Man, Fantastic Four, X-Men, Black Panther, and many others. Lee made Marvel Comics what it is today through his well thought comic and fictional stories which he successfully recreated into movies. Stan Lee kept millennials and the older generation as well, entertained with a wide range of fictional characters, created in collaboration with other notable artists.
There is so much to know about the comic-book writer, editor, film executive producer, actor, and publisher apart from his designation as Marvel Comics brain-box. Here are lesser known facts about the legend.
Stan Lee's Bio
He was born on December 28, 1922, to his parents Celia and Jack Lieber in New York. Growing up, he was inclined to heroic stories which he found very interesting to read and watch. His favorite actor at the time was Errol Flynn whenever he played heroic roles. Difficulties faced by his family during the Great Depression did not stop Lee from focusing on his interest. As a student at the DeWitt Clinton High School, Lee did small jobs like writing obituaries and press releases for organizations to sustain himself.
Career
Lee in 1938 became an assistant at the Timely Comics owned by Martin Goodman. The company would later be known as Marvel Comics. Lee who was a cousin to Goodman's wife took up his tasks with grace and handled them competently. From insignificant jobs at the company, he soon made his debut with the dummy ‘Captain America Foils the Traitor's Revenge'.
See Also: Team Mystic Pokémon Go: 7 Facts You Need To Know And Signs You Are One
It was quite impressive and drew the attention of stakeholders in the field. He went on to do more comics with real features impressing his bosses further. Stan Lee was soon made the interim editor of the company. He left the company in 1942 to join the army and returned again in 1950 and wrote several stories of different genres. By this time the company was called Atlas Comics. By the late 50s, Lee who wanted more explorations was becoming less satisfied with his job description. Also during that period, Atlas was in competition with DC Comics and Lee was asked to come up with a new superhero team to outshine DC Comics' updated techniques.
Lee then introduced naturalistic characters different from the cliched archetypes. They had tempers and real longlasting problems as against the previous perfect characters without problems or negative temperaments. Lee created the Fantastic Four superheroes in collaboration with Jack Kirby. They also worked on other projects such as ‘Iron Man', ‘X-Men', ‘Thor', ‘Spider-Man', ‘Doctor Strange', and ‘Hulk'.
In the early 70s, Lee wrote ‘The Amazing Spider-Man' which portrayed the negative effects of drugs. Although the Comics Code Authority (CCA) was against the drug-themed story, it later permitted it following the critical acclaim the story received for its message. Lee soon became a prominent figure at Marvel Comics and was getting more appraisals from different stakeholders. In the 80s, he was made the president of the company, a position he later relinquished because he found it more technical and less creative. He, however, continued with his position as the publisher of the company.
In 1998, Lee, together with Peter Paul, formed Stan-Lee Media an internet-based superhero creation and marketing studio. However, it was closed due to legal reasons. Lee in 2001 formed POW! (Purveyors of Wonder) Entertainment together with Gill Champion, and Arthur Lieberman. The company focused on developing film, television and video game properties.
Stan Lee worked with Marvel for up to 65 years. He announced his YouTube channel ‘Stan Lee's World of Heroes' in 2012. He also introduced ‘God Woke' a digital graphic novel in 2016.
Net Worth
Stan Lee sits on an enviable net worth of $50 million, and according to analysis, this figure will continue to rise as the years go by. Lee has amassed great wealth over the years through his impeccable works which speak volumes.
Family – Wife, Daughter
Stan Lee and wife
Lee lives as a traditional family man who upholds the value of marriage. The talented writer got married to his wife of almost 70 years, Joan Clayton Boocock in December 1947.
Lee met Joan in 1947 while she was working as a hat model. The two fell in love and Lee proposed to her after 2 weeks of dating. They both decided to tie the knot that same year. The couple had two children, Joan Celia who was born in 1950 and Jan Lee, who was born in 1953. However, Jan died three days after birth.
Joan who was also a voice actress lent her voice in some of Marvel Comics productions like Spider-Man and Fantastic Four in the 90s. Lee's wife died of complications from a stroke in 2017 at the age of 95.
Is He Dead? Here Are The Facts
Following the death of his wife in 2017, questions about Lee's own life were raised. Also in 2016, there had been a rumor that Stan Lee had died of some unknown causes. But for a celebrity of his caliber, such death hoaxes are expected.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
It was their personal experience that led this Delhi-based couple to start an NGO that would provide for healthcare facilities to the impoverished people, especially the kids.
Rahul and Tulika Verma gave birth to their first child, a son in 20006. Unfortunately, since he was born with multiple congenital defects which require a lifelong medical treatment.
After they had shifted their son Arjunuday from a private hospital to AIIMS Delhi, they were moved to see the meager conditions of the people who couldn't even afford a nutritious meal.
Started out as helping the poor families with all that they could manage, Rahul and Tulika decided to start an NGO in order to provide quality healthcare for the underprivileged, especially the children.
The NGO named after their son, Uday foundation, has grown multifold in 10 years of its expansion and conducts various health & medical camps, and disaster relief programs all around the year.
“With two doctors associated and an army of volunteers, we conduct health camps for the underprivileged, organize the emergency response and disaster relief programs and also cater to the requirements of the needy,” Rahul said in an interview with The Better India.
“The foundation doesn't rely too much on donations from big corporates but rather raises money through the generosity of individuals across the city. We also have our own ambulance service. And three times in the week, we ferry the kids from the OPD small distances for fun,” told Rahul.
Their son Arjunuday has undergone 9 surgeries till now and attends regular school. “We must sensitize our society better. Everyone, including schools and teachers, need to be shown how they should behave and act with children with special needs and disabilities. It's something that is sorely lacking right now,” said Rahul.
JWB salutes the spirit of Arjunuday and wishes him a speedy recovery and a healthy life ahead. We also laud the efforts of Rahul & Tulika who even in personal adversities chose to help people around and are contributing to the society in so many ways through Uday Foundation.
P.S. If you want to know more about their work or if you want to make a donation, you can contact the couple through their email, info@udayfoundationindia.org.
SQUALID military housing is putting new recruits off joining up.
SWNS SQUALID: Poor military housing slammed
Defence chiefs have fallen “woefully short”, according to the Royal United Services Institute. It is claimed squaddies, sailors and airmen will leave in their droves unless the Government deals with the problem. The RUSI report calls for a pledge to provide good accommodation. It adds that Ministry of Defence plans are “woefully short on detail and methods of delivery, frustrating representatives of service families”.
Stunning former soldier Lauren Young poses with GUNS in sexy Instagram pics Stunning former soldier Lauren Young has set Instagram on fire posing with heavy-duty firearms. The beautiful U.S Army veteran served in the 485th Military Police Company from 2011 to 2012 while deployed in Afghanistan. She's now back in the States and studying law and psychology 1 / 11
MoD bosses ran the risk of driving the next generation of would-be soldiers away unless a “coherent and detailed” housing strategy is developed. And families should receive “increased priority” when it comes to military housing, the report recommends. MoD chiefs were accused of making a huge blunder when they sold off more than 55,000 service family homes in 1996.
BBNaija 2018 finalists are having a great time, as they can't contain all the love their fans has showered on them.
The housemates who returned on Monday, April 23, were welcomed in a grand style at the airport by their fans and well wishers.
Still in the moment of fame and publicity, the housemates gets ready for the teeming audience who wants to hear what they have to say while they were in the house.
READ ALSO: Cute new photos of actress Stella Damasus as she clocks 40
Cool delightful pictures of them dressed up in lovely outfits, ready for their media tours is giving their fans all the vibes.
Check the pictures below.
PAY ATTENTION:Get the best news on Nigeria's #1 news app
Top-4 Things That Could Only Happen In Nigeria - on NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
The Super Bowl weekend is almost upon us and that means a lot of marketing gimmicks from brands that have the money to actually place expensive ads during the most famous American football game of the year. Pepsi is a brand that has been closely associated with the sporting extravaganza, having launched a lot of their iconic ads during the commercial breaks. Now they're partnering with Google and its WebVR technology to let you explore two of their most famous ads through the convenience of your desktop or mobile.
Pepsi's campaign for this year is “This is the Pepsi” and it brings viewers through some of the most famous moments in Pepsi's long marketing history, including celebrities like Britney, Cindy, Ray, even Michael. But to make it more interesting and interactive, they have come up with a WebVR experience called Pepsi Go Back, so you can feel how it is to be part of two of their most famous commercials: NASCAR champ Jeff Gordon's Back to the Future DeLorean ad and of course, Halfway House Cafe with Cindy Crawford.
You will be able to jump into the driver's seat of Gordon's car and race against the DeLorean itself. Well, if you can win a race against a time-traveling machine, that is. You can also explore the Halfway House Cafe where Cindy showed everyone how to properly drink a can of Pepsi. You will be able to explore the environments in both scenarios, unlock items and scenes, and just experience what it is to be inside an iconic Pepsi commercial.
You can experience this either through your mobile device or your desktop, as long as your browser supports WebVR. It will, of course, look better if you have your VR headset, specifically a Google Cardboard or a Daydream View.
SOURCE: Google
TORONTO — One of the most polarizing figures in Ontario politics is officially launching his bid for the leadership of the provincial Tories on Saturday, with an expected attack on both the party he hopes to lead and the one he wants to topple.
Doug Ford, brother of late Toronto mayor Rob Ford, will hold a rally to kick off his effort to helm a party reeling from allegations that have left it without a leader just months before a provincial election.
Accusations of sexual misconduct prompted the resignation of Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown last month, forcing a contest to determine who will carry the Tory banner against Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne.
Ford, who was the first to announce his candidacy, says it's time to wrest control of the party from “elites” and speak up for people he feels have been shortchanged by Wynne's government.
Doug Ford can't be underestimated in this race Rob Leone, political science professor at Western University
Political observers say the combination of name recognition, a well-defined message and open disdain for an unpopular government mean Ford could mount a credible challenge for the Tory leadership.
“Doug Ford can't be underestimated in this race,” said Rob Leone, a former Progressive Conservative member of the Ontario legislature and current political science professor at Western University.
Leone said Ford, who was a city councillor until a failed mayoral bid in 2014, has a leg up thanks to an established ground game and support organization, which could be key assets as leadership hopefuls scramble to meet a tight, five-week timeline. Voting to choose the new leader begins March 2, with results to be unveiled March 10.
“The advantage of having a defined brand is it allows people to identify with that brand,” he said. “It allows them to sign up to join that team and that movement. I think that when you have a less established brand, it becomes harder to do.”
Leone said Ford may even have what it takes to find traction beyond the greater Toronto area. In a province where Wynne's Liberals have taken a beating in the polls over consumer-friendly issues such as rising electricity rates, he said Ford's messages may find favour “in all pockets of the province.”
A recent study between The Canadian Press and EKOS Research, for instance, identified one Ontario community as the most likely in the country to respond to a populist movement.
In the national poll, 38 per cent of respondents in Oshawa held viewpoints suggesting they had a negative perception of their own economic outlook and the prospects for the next generation's, as well as a sense they're not getting ahead. Those themes figure prominently in Ford's political rhetoric. The results were well ahead of the national average.
Laure Paquette, a political science professor at Lakehead University, agreed that Ford would likely find support in more far-flung areas of the province that have voiced discontent with the status quo.
Paquette said Ford's name is known in northern Ontario, and his populist message will “play well” relative to the more moderate tone expected by declared contenders such as former MPP Christine Elliott.
But Paquette said Ford's appeal to a specific type of voter won't be enough to help him carry the day, saying party members may choose to focus on a leader with a better shot of defeating Wynne.
Paquette said Ford's message will also likely be overshadowed by what is expected to be a faceoff between Elliott and Caroline Mulroney, the daughter of a former prime minister who is widely expected to announce her own candidacy in the coming days.
“I think he's going to get drowned out,” she said. “The donnybrook between Caroline and Christine Elliott will be one for the ages.”
PRIOR LAKE, Minn. (AP) — Pop singer Gwen Stefani will close out a star-studded Super Bowl week in Minnesota.
The three-time Grammy winner will headline at Club Nomadic at Mystic Lake Casino Hotel on Sunday, Feb. 4.
Stefani is the final headliner. Other acts at Club Nomadic include The Chainsmokers on Thursday, Feb. 1; Ellie Goulding and Norwegian electronic dance music artist DJ Kygo on Friday, Feb. 2; and Florida Georgia Line on Saturday, Feb. 3.
Stefani joins a growing list of performers who will be in Minnesota during Super Bowl week. Others include Jennifer Lopez, who will perform at Nomadic Live! on Super Saturday Night. Sheila E., the Revolution and Morris Day & the Time will perform a Prince tribute as part of a series of free concerts.
___
This version of the story corrects the spelling of Stefani's last name in the headline.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Real Housewives of New York star LuAnn de Lesseps‘ 22-year-old daughter got into some serious trouble while partying in the Hamptons this month, RadarOnline.com has learned.
According to reports, Victoria de Lesseps was pulled over nearly two weeks ago on Main Street in Sag Harbor, where one of her reality star mother's homes is located, for driving without headlights.
The East Hampton Star reports de Lesseps blew an alleged .15 at the station and was released without bail the next morning. The legal limit is .08 percent.
PHOTOS: ‘RHONY' Jules Wainstein Divorce Scandal Faked In Filming
❤️❤️ A post shared by Peach (@victoriadelesseps) on Jan 23, 2017 at 4:38am PST
Victoria, who labeled herself as a designer and artist on Instagram, is scheduled to appear in court on May 5.
“I look forward to defending her vigorously in court,” the starlet's lawyer, Edward Burke Jr., said.
PHOTOS: ‘Roller Coaster Of Crazy!' Bethenny Frankel & Carole Radziwill Reveal The Top 10 Secrets Of This Season's ‘RHONY' — What To Expect
My main b**** @countessluann A post shared by Peach (@victoriadelesseps) on Jan 11, 2017 at 6:35pm PST
Meanwhile, mother LuAnn has been busy settling into her fancy $1.5 million penthouse with new husband, and rumored cheater , Tom D'Agastino.
Do you think she's upset with daughter Victoria? Let us know in the comments below!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
The Harvest Festival, original art & craft show is returning to the Las Vegas Cashman Center on September 8th-10th! Head to http://www.harvestfestival.com or call 925-392-7300 to get your tickets!
Register below for a chance to win a 4-pack of tickets!
After releasing the most civil break-up statements of all time, Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik have been spotted out and about again , leaving their wild fandom wondering what the heck is going on. They've been pretty quiet about things, with Zayn going so far as reminding people (correctly) that he doesn't need to label his relationship for others. But when someone posted a message on Instagram taking jabs at the couple, Gigi quickly spoke up.
The Instagram caption, posted to a private account (but one that Hadid definitely seems to be aware of), read, "Confession: Whatever zigi does for promo. Fact is that, Zayn is not going to follow gigi or ever post her picture on his Instagram again."
Gigi, who implied that it wasn't the first time the account had tagged her in a negative post, responded with a long comment that gently urged people negatively invested in her private life to focus on something else.
"Seems like u guys tag me in a new post every day … pls stop.. it's just negative, I really have no hard feelings towards you I just know what a beautiful world there is togo out and live in instead of trying to dissect a relationship between two people that you don't even know and that you do not see 99% of… for someone who is virtually inactive on the app, I don't need his follow- my eyes are tattooed to his chest," she wrote through her verified Instagram account. (More on that tattoo here , by the way.)
It's not the first time the model has taken Internet trolls to task. Back in April, she did an interview with W Magazine , where she discussed the scrutiny she faces online, particularly around her body image. “Most of it is just nonsense,”she said. “But it can still hurt." And she also hasn't shied away from confronting people directly. When someone criticized her for appearing too skinny a few years ago, she responded by saying, "Your comment won't get me down, but next time, please think about the young women who may read body-judgement comments and judge themselves as they see their bodies growing and therefore naturally changing, too."
Her response to the Instagram account analyzing her relationship was also pretty direct, but she wrote that it wasn't coming from a bad place:
"The energy you put into this does not serve... your life in any way kids…. truly ‘beating a dead horse.' You guys can call it promo but I just post about my boyfriend like anyone else, whether I support z or he supports me is out of love and excitement for one another. There's nothing to figure out all the time… give it a break. this is my last comment on this matter but I hope u know it's not coming from a bad place, just would love for you to find something else that inspires you in life…. x."
Hopefully that keeps the speculation at bay for a while.
Related Stories:
It Sure Looks Like Zayn Malik Tattooed Gigi Hadid's Eyes on His Chest
Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik Were Cuddling Last Night, ICYMI
Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid Aren't Defining Their Relationship Because ‘We're Adults'
Getty Images
The Cardinals waived wide receiver Carlton Agudosi and long snapper Justin Drescher. It promoted Vinston Painter from the practice squad.
Drescher signed earlier this season after Aaron Brewer broke his wrist in a Week 5 game against the Eagles. Drescher's departure likely means Brewer is ready to return from injured reserve.
Drescher, 29, played eight games with the Cardinals after snapping in every game for the Saints the past six seasons.
The Cardinals promoted Agudosi from the practice squad Nov. 22. He has not appeared in a regular-season game.
Painter has played three games for the Cardinals on special teams, splitting time between Arizona's active roster and practice squad. He originally joined the Cardinals' practice squad on Sept. 14 after spending the preseason with Washington.
Painter entered the league with Denver as a sixth-round selection (173rd overall) in the 2013 draft out of Virginia Tech and has spent time with the Broncos, Browns, Giants, Dolphins and Washington during his NFL career.
Costco Wholesale Corp., the warehouse chain known for its huge store format, food sample stations and cheap hot dogs and pizza, is now offering same-day grocery delivery through Instacart as the company looks to expand its customer base.
The Issaquah, Wash., company announced two new delivery options Thursday: two-day delivery for dry goods and same-day delivery powered by grocery delivery firm Instacart for orders that include fresh foods.
The two-day option guarantees deliveries in two business days and is available only in the continental United States. For orders of less than $75, there is a delivery fee. Costco said the goods sold for delivery will be priced higher than the same goods sold at its stores; it did not specify how much higher.
The same-day delivery option, available in “most metropolitan areas,” lets customers choose a one-hour window during which their order will arrive. For orders of less than $35, there is a delivery fee. Prices on the goods will be about 15% to 17% higher than in stores. Costco said an additional 10% service fee will be added at checkout, though shoppers “may elect not to pay the service fee.”
In an earnings call Thursday, Richard Galanti, Costco's executive vice president and chief financial officer, said the delivery options are more “fill-in, than replacement of a shop.” He said the company has driven sales for years with value, which he defined as “quality and low price.”
But he acknowledged that shopping habits were changing and that customers may not always feel the need to pick out their own fresh produce.
“Over time, the percentage of delivery of fresh will change,” he said on the call. “How much so, we'll all have to wait and see.”
Grocery delivery is becoming increasingly important as customers look to save time and add convenience, said David J. Livingston, supermarket analyst at founder of DJL Research. But Costco's strength is still its warehouse store format, meaning the delivery options will just be another addition, not necessarily a pivot toward solely e-commerce, he said.
Offering grocery delivery is “pretty much what everybody else is doing,” Livingston said. “Just another ‘me too' program.”
The new delivery options could enable Costco to expand its reach beyond customers who are close to the mega warehouse stores. The inclusion of the one-hour window for same-day deliveries is another added bonus, said Bill Dreher, senior retail analyst at Susquehanna Financial Group.
“It's really the fresh product that excels,” he said. “We're really seeing the emergence of a company that can go toe to toe with Amazon when it comes to grocery.”
The potential threat from e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc., which recently acquired Whole Foods Market Inc., came up several times during Thursday's earnings call.
Costco executives said on the call that they get many questions “literally every day” about issues such as whether new member sign-ups were slowing and what the growing number of households that pay for both an Amazon Prime account and a Costco membership will mean for the warehouse chain.
Costco also said its membership renewal rate ticked down slightly, which the company attributed to the changeover from American Express to Visa credit cards.
Costco had long relied on American Express as its exclusive credit card supplier, but chose to switch to Visa and Citigroup for its Costco-branded cards in 2015 after AmEx and Costco could not agree on terms of a new partnership.
Shares of Costco were down 5.8% at $157.44 in mid-session trading Friday.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
samantha.masunaga@latimes.com
Twitter: @smasunaga
The father of a toddler who died after he allegedly left his son in a hot car last week in Burlington has been charged, according to Halton Regional Police.
Shaun Pennell, 37, of Burlington, has been charged with criminal negligence causing death and failing to provide the necessaries of life.
On the afternoon of May 23, a three-year-old boy was found dead in a vehicle parked in a large commercial complex at North Service Rd. and Kerns St. in Burlington.
Halton paramedics were unable to help by the time they arrived.
The temperature on May 23 was at least 26C and it's unclear how long the boy was in the car.
An autopsy determined the cause of death was hyperthermia, which is consistent with a child being left in a hot vehicle for an extended period of time.
The largest tenant at the complex where the boy died is Crossroads Canada, which produces the TV show 100 Huntley St.
There are more than 70 tenants at the complex.
Crossroads Chief Operating Officer Jack Vanderkooy said by phone on Wednesday that he knew Pennell.
“But I can't help. I'm not getting involved,” Vanderkooy said.
Pennell has been released by police on a promise to appear in Milton Court on June 27.
TWO more victims have died from a mysterious brain-damaging disease with no cure, sparking fears it could become a pandemic.
REUTERS SPREADING: Authorities carry away the body of a dead Nipah patient
The deaths from the fast-spreading Nipah virus in India take the total number this year to fifteen. The latest victims, identified as Madhusudhanan, 55, and Akhil, 28, contracted the virus from a medical college, authorities believe. Madhusudhanan, a senior superintendent in Kozhikode District Court, was being treated at a private hospital. These cases take the total number of confirmed infected cases to 17, of which 15 have died.
GETTY CONTAGIOUS: Medical teams work hard to contain the Nipah virus
Deadliest epidemics in history From Ebola to the Black Death, here are the deadliest epidemics in history 1 / 11 Getty Malaria: Between 350 to 500 million cases of malaria are diagnosed each year in sub-Saharan Africa, though fortunately there is a good survival rate
“This is another example of an infectious disease outbreak that should put people on notice” Amesh A Adalja MD, Johns Hopkins Centre for Health Security A further 1,353 people who have been in contact with those infected are under observation, officials have said. Desperate authorities are still trying to determine the cause of the disease — which has ravaged the southern Indian state of Kerala. Symptoms of Nipah include fever, headaches, drowsiness, breathing trouble, disorientation, and delusions. According to the World Health Organisation, these can progress to brain a haemorrhage, coma, and death in just one to two days.
Ebola outbreak: The virus ravaging West Africa PICTURED The disease emerged in 1976 in simultaneous outbreaks in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Sudan 1 / 8 Wikimedia A colourised electron micrograph of Ebola virus particles
Infectious disease expert at the Johns Hopkins Centre for Health Security Amesh A Adalja MD said: "This is another example of an infectious disease outbreak that should put people on notice." And Dr Stephen Luby from Stanford University warned that Nipah could become a devastating global pandemic to rival HIV, measles, and tuberculosis. "Most of the devastating infectious diseases in human history began as infections that spilled over from animals and people and then acquired the capacity for efficient person-to-person transmission," he explained. The most recent outbreak is blamed on infected fruit bats, who are moving closer to humans as their jungle habitats are destroyed.
Elbridge principal named to state team
Elbridge principal named to state professional learning team
The New York State Education Department (NYSED) recently selected Elbridge Elementary principal RJ Hartwell to join about 30 other educators from around the state on a professional learning team. As a member of the team, he'll be responsible for helping to clarify and communicate what is meant by high-quality professional learning, and to also identify statewide professional priorities based on data.
Hartwell said much of a teacher's life involves lesson planning and measuring student growth over time. He said that there's more going on in the background, however, which includes developing and providing professional training to teachers and support staff.
“Such work focuses the essential elements of learning, and sharpens the teacher's ability to cultivate successful students,” he said.
“My work on the professional learning team, as a representative of Principals and school supervisors around the state, will help the state education department create highly effective professional development opportunities for teachers at all grade levels.
“I look forward to bringing the team's ideas back to the district, and keeping a pulse on what's happening at state ed.”
During the summer of 2016, NYSED formed a taskforce of educators and other stakeholders to help it improve the way it supports teachers and leaders. The group was comprised of BOCES and district leaders, principals, teachers and other educators.
According to NYSED, the group developed three strategies: improve the coordination and communication of professional learning efforts; provide high-quality supports and tools for all educators; and to communicate expectations for BOCES district superintendents and other partners regarding their role in implementing high-quality learning.
Hartwell earned a place on the team after being nominated by members of the Empire State Supervisors and Administrators Association.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
The Severn Community is gearing up for the 33rd annual Queenstown Day celebration and parade July 14.
The event has a precursor at 7 p.m. July 13 at Metropolitan United Methodist Church, 548 Queenstown Road. A service will be held that is dedicated to the memories of Severn Improvement Association past president Linda Smoot, and past vice president Dal'Mico Boston and will include singing groups, soloists and praise dancers.
The Queenstown Day Celebration begins at noon with the traditional community parade. SAC football teams, TREA, the Department of Veterans Affairs Mobile Unit as well as elected officials, are expected to participate in the parade.
“By far, one of the most anticipated events is the Queenstown Day parade which travels down Queenstown Road and the community sit in the yard and watch the parade,” said SIA President Tracey Williams Simms.
“The parade includes marching bands and local and community muscle and vintage cars, motorcycles and trucks from the community.”
The parade route follows Queenstown Road beginning at 430 Queenstown Road and ending at Queenstown Park, 580 Queenstown Road. Queenstown Road will close to traffic at noon.
“It's difficult to estimate the number of attendees because Queenstown Day has changed over the years,” Simms said. “In the past, Queenstown Park was central meeting place where the community met for this event. In recent years, families living along Queenstown Road scheduled family cook-out and barbeques at home and folks visit thoughout the community as well as at the Queenstown Park.”
The fanfare will continue with an introduction by Simms, and presentation of memorial plaques to the families of former Smoot and Boston.
Another popular tradition of Queenstown Day is the crowning of Miss/Mr Queenstown. Three contestants will be introduced to the community but only one will be chosen to reign during the 2018 Queenstown Day Celebration.
Last year's Queenstown Day included a special dedication of two, newly installed baseball backstops to honor Severn's own baseball teams, Severn Wildcats and Severn Pirates. New this year, Queenstown Day will celebrate the arrival of the Buffalo Soldiers, dressed in period uniforms.
It was during the U.S. Civil War that two cavalry regiments of African-American men, known as buffalo soldiers, guarded our western frontier, fighting Indians and protecting settlers.
Rounding out the day's activities are live music, face painting, moon bounce, 50-50 raffle, food vendors and basketball. The Queenstown Day Classic Basketball Game, Fort Meade All-stars against the Maryland All-stars, kicks off at 4 p.m. with the Presentation of Colors by the JROTC Drill Team from Northeast High School in Pasadena.
The JROTC Drill Team is scheduled to do the half-time performance as well. For more information email SIA at severnimpinc@verizon.net.
Area youth dance down 42th Street
The Talent Machine Company presents its summertime production of the classic musical, “42nd Street,” July 13-15 and July 19-22.
Two Severn youngsters, Joseph Hancock and Isabella Vanbergen, will be appearing on stage in the current production as part of a cast of 42 children, ages 7 to 14, from all around the region.
The musical will be performed at St. John's College Key Auditorium, 60 College Ave. in Annapolis. Evening and matinee show times are available.
Photos of the people and places of Harmans, Hanover, Jessup and Severn as featured in the West County column in the Maryland Gazette and Crofton West County Gazette.
Tickets are $15 and available online at www.talentmachine.com or emailing tmcyouth@hotmail.com. Tickets may also be purchased at the door. Check the website for show times.
Local singer/songwriter takes band on the road
Georgie Jessup, singer, songwriter and proprietor of local music venue Edith May's Paradise in Jessup, takes to the road this July.
Jessup and his band the Philosopher Dogs will appear for their second engagement at the Mad City Coffee at 10801 Hickory Ridge Road in Columbia July 7 beginning at 7 p.m.
Next, Jessup and the band will appear at the 26th annual Howard County American Indian Pow Wow at the Howard County Fairgrounds, 2210 Fairgrounds Road in West Friendship. The band takes the stage at 6 p.m. July 21.
Finally, Jessup goes solo July 25, performing with other musicians at the New Deal Cafe, 113 Centerway in Greenbelt.
For more information, visit www.georgiejessup.com.
CAPTION Jim Lyons, with the group Neighbors of the Mayo Peninsula, discusses the Envision Mayo study in front of Turnbull Estates, a Mayo development that was recently shut down. Jim Lyons, with the group Neighbors of the Mayo Peninsula, discusses the Envision Mayo study in front of Turnbull Estates, a Mayo development that was recently shut down. CAPTION Jim Lyons, with the group Neighbors of the Mayo Peninsula, discusses the Envision Mayo study in front of Turnbull Estates, a Mayo development that was recently shut down. Jim Lyons, with the group Neighbors of the Mayo Peninsula, discusses the Envision Mayo study in front of Turnbull Estates, a Mayo development that was recently shut down. CAPTION Servers from local restaurants compete in the 1st Annual Fastest Servers on the Bay Relay at Sandy Point Park. The event raised funds to support the Annapolis Immigration Justice Network, a group that helps local immigrants, many with connections to the local food industry, navigate new legal difficulties. Servers from local restaurants compete in the 1st Annual Fastest Servers on the Bay Relay at Sandy Point Park. The event raised funds to support the Annapolis Immigration Justice Network, a group that helps local immigrants, many with connections to the local food industry, navigate new legal difficulties. CAPTION O, Say Can You Sing the National Anthem class at AACC. One night of class to prepare to perform the National Anthem at a Bowie Baysox game Thursday, June 28, 2018. O, Say Can You Sing the National Anthem class at AACC. One night of class to prepare to perform the National Anthem at a Bowie Baysox game Thursday, June 28, 2018. CAPTION Artists from Future History Now and Black Wall Street Annapolis work with community members to paint murals in the Newtowne 20 community in Annapolis. Artists from Future History Now and Black Wall Street Annapolis work with community members to paint murals in the Newtowne 20 community in Annapolis. CAPTION Pasadena resident Gita Ladd said John Leopold barged into her home while campaigning and wouldn't leave until told to do so multiple times. Leopold has denied the accusations. Pasadena resident Gita Ladd said John Leopold barged into her home while campaigning and wouldn't leave until told to do so multiple times. Leopold has denied the accusations.
To submit news for Severn, Hanover, Jessup, Harmans, Fort George G. Meade and Maryland City, contact Sharon P. Schultz at pinkladysps@gmail.com.
Linda McMahon On Track to Head SBA
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former wrestling entertainment executive Linda McMahon is on track to secure Senate confirmation to be the next leader of the Small Business Administration.
The Senate has been split mostly along party lines on most of President Donald Trump's Cabinet choices. But McMahon has faced little resistance after assuring lawmakers that she believes the SBA should continue as a Cabinet-level, stand-alone agency and that she would be a strong advocate for small business within the new administration.
A Senate panel recently approved her nomination by a vote of 18-1, moving the nomination to the full Senate for consideration. The vote is expected on Tuesday.
“Mrs. McMahon made it very clear that she has the experience, understanding and instincts necessary to bolster America's small business community and advocate for much-needed regulatory reforms,” said Sen. Jim Risch, R-Idaho, chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Businesses and Entrepreneurship.
Leading up to the vote for McMahon, the Senate narrowly approved Steven Mnuchin to serve as the next secretary of the Treasury Department despite strong Democratic objections over a banker they dubbed the “foreclosure king.” The Senate also approved David Shulkin to serve as the next secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
McMahon waged two unsuccessful bids for the Senate in Connecticut, losing to the state's current senators, Democrats Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy, despite spending nearly $100 million of her own money on the 2010 and 2012 races. The two former adversaries introduced her as part of her confirmation hearing and said they believe she would give good advice to Trump on policies affecting small businesses.
McMahon has continued to donate heavily to GOP groups and candidates, and was a multimillion-dollar backer of two political action committees working to secure Trump's victory in the November election.
The SBA is best known for the small business loans it makes and the disaster aid it provides to companies and entrepreneurs. The agency is also tasked with monitoring government officials' compliance with contract laws. Its budget is generally under $1 billion. The leadership of the SBA is considered a Cabinet-level position.
In nominating McMahon, Trump noted that she had helped grow WWE from a modest operation with about a dozen employees into a publicly traded global enterprise with more than 800 employees. McMahon stepped down from the company in 2009 to run for office.
The perception of the Vegas Golden Knights roster today compared to when it was first assembled 11 months ago is, to say the least, very, very, very different. Heading into the season the opinion of this team when looking at it on paper was that it was going to be awful. Today, there are a lot of strong opinions about how the expansion draft was unfair and how 30 other teams around the league don't know what they're doing and made a lot of really bad decisions. In hindsight, there is a lot of truth to the latter point because quite a few teams did, in fact, blow it.
There is also the fact that the roster has changed quite a bit from the beginning of the year, not only in terms of the players that are on it, but also in the way they have been used.
One of the big challenges that Vegas and its coaching staff faced this season was having a collection of players thrown together from all over the league, several of whom had little track record in the NHL or had never really had an opportunity to play larger roles. There was a ton of mystery and a lot of tinkering that had to be done to find the right combinations that would work.
A lot of the players that we thought might be key players, or looked like they might be key players, turned out to be anything but, and looking at how players were used early in the season as opposed to now it is clear that not even the Golden Knights knew entirely what they had in a lot of cases.
[Related: Don't blame expansion draft rules for Vegas' success, blame your GM]
Remember back in the offseason when Vadim Shipachyov signed a two-year, $9 million contract with the team to come over from Russia and was supposed to be one of their top players? That quickly fell apart and led to a rather bizarre — and seemingly messy — split between the two sides.
William Karlsson ended up being a 43-goal scorer this season and the biggest individual surprise of any player in the league. During the first month of the season he was fifth on the team in terms of average ice-time per game logging just a little more than 17 minutes per game. The now dominant and seemingly unstoppable line of Karlsson, Reilly Smith, and Jon Marchessault played a grand total of 39 seconds together through the first five games of the season (at which point Marchessault was sidelined with an injury for a few games) and didn't really become a thing until the second month of the season.
The forward that Vegas leaned on the most in the first month of the season? Well that would be Cody Eakin, of course, as they played him nearly 20 minutes per night. He now plays around 14 minutes per night in the playoffs.
Here is a breakdown of Vegas' ice-time distribution among forwards in the first month of the season compared to the last month of the season and then in the playoffs.
I excluded players that played less than four games in each time-frame.
The big changes are obviously Eakin going from the top forward down to a third-liner, while the Karlsson-Smith-Marchessault trio became the go-to group. But there are also significant increases for Haula (an extra two minutes per game) and Tuch (three minutes), while Perron saw his ice-tim decrease a bit.
Meanwhile, on defense…
From the very beginning Vegas seemed to know what it had in Schmidt and has leaned on him to be their top defender, a role that he has excelled in.
Deryk Engelland has also, quite shockingly, been one of their top defenders after completely reinventing himself as a player this year.
But in the first month of the season they were playing Luca Sbisa and Brad Hunt nearly 20 minutes per night, while top prospect Shea Theodore was playing in the American Hockey League and not even on the roster. Neither Sbisa nor Hunt are significant players on the team now.
Jason Garrison, a veteran that played nearly 19 minutes a night over 70 games a season ago for the Lightning (and also opened the season as Vegas' highest-paid defenseman) also saw some significant ice-time to start the year. But he was quickly jettisoned to the minor leagues and placed on waivers.
Colin Miller, who ended up leading all of their defenders in scoring, was at the bottom of the usage in the first month of the season.
In the end it's been a fascinating evolution to watch unfold.
The player that was supposed to be the best forward (Shipachyov) ended up being, quite literally, nothing for them.
The highest paid forwards on the roster are David Clarkson and Tatar.
Clarkson has never — and will never — play a game for the team and is only a part of the organization because Vegas was willing to take his contract, along with Karlsson and a first-round draft pick, in exchange for not taking Josh Anderson or Columbus' backup goalie in the expansion draft.
Tatar was their big trade deadline acquisition and has been relegated to the press box for most of the playoffs while their other trade deadline pickup, Ryan Reaves, who was never expected to make any sort of impact, has scored two huge goals.
Their highest paid defenders at the start of the year were Garrison and Clayton Stoner. Garrison played eight games before being waived and relegated to the minor leagues while Stoner never played a single game.
Nothing about this Vegas season has gone as planned or as was expected, and nobody saw this team being as good as it is. Including them.
MORE:
• NBC's Stanley Cup Playoff Hub
• Stanley Cup Final Schedule
—
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
The NFL Fantasy LIVE crew assembles to recap Week 14, including the season-ending injury to Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz (4:00) and a big-time performance from Bears running back Jordan Howard (24:40). The guys also talk top performers (34:15) and biggest disappointments (48:55), and share quick takeaways from notable games (57:55). As always, they close out the show with a round of Daily Daps (69:50). Like, subscribe and download!
LISTEN to the episode here:
SUBSCRIBE on Apple Podcasts & Google Play:
When the B.C. Lions concluded their 2016 season three months ago, it seemed that the franchise was headed toward a tumultuous off-season.
For starters, the team was for sale. The Lions also had 24 players heading toward free agency, including 12 who'd finished the year as starters and another three whose season was ended by injuries. Solomon Elimimian was one of those players. Mic'hael Brooks was one of those players. So was Bryan Burnham, Marco Iannuzzi, Jeremiah Johnson, Hunter Steward, Rolly Lumbala, Nick Moore, Ronnie Yell and T.J. Lee.
Elimimian, in fact, seemed to be on his way out of town, largely because his hefty contract had made him expendable.
“At some point we're all going to exit the same door we came in,” the great linebacker said as the Leos cleaned out their lockers. “I've been in this business for seven years. I've seen a lot of good guys come and go.
“Would I like to be back? I'd like to be back … But I tell everyone if I'm meant to be here next year, I'll be here next year.”
Evidently, he was meant to be here. The same can be said for a lot of others.
The CFL's free-agent season is underway and while the Lions aren't exactly standing pat, neither have they undergone the profound change advertised in late November. On Tuesday, the first day of free agency, the club announced the signing of Burnham, Brooks, Iannuzzi and Yell. Earlier, they locked up Moore, Steward, defensive tackle Bryant Turner and Lee.
Johnson, meanwhile, was done in late December and Lumbala was signed in early January. As for Elimimian, he was signed before Christmas.
So much for upheaval. And, oh yes, David Braley still owns the team.
“I think continuity is critical,” said Lions overlord Wally Buono. “You can't build if you're continually overhauling your football club.
“The way I look at it, if we'd signed Bryan Burnham from another team or Solomon Elimimian or Mic'hael Brooks, we'd say those were key acquisitions. In my mind, keeping them was as important as getting other people's players.”
Even if it isn't as sexy.
Buono, of course, has practised this MO throughout his three million years in the CFL and it's generally served him well. Wally, the GM, usually has 90 per cent of his team picked for Wally, the coach, by the start of training camp. This year will be no exception.
There will likely be a battle for an offensive tackle spot. The secondary will likely feature two Canadian starters in safety Mike Etem and cornerback Keynan Parker. And the Lions are pursuing electric wide receiver Chris Williams, who would change a number of things for this team.
But the core of the team will still feature quarterback Jonathon Jennings throwing to Manny Arceneaux, Burnham and Moore at receiver, with Johnson in the backfield.
The defence will again be built around Brooks and Elimimian, with Yell and Lee returning to a secondary that should be improved if it can stay healthy.
This, we remind you, was the guts of a team that went 12-6 last season with a QB in his first full year as a starter. The Calgary Stampeders will ultimately have something to say about how far the Lions go in 2017, but this still has the look and feel of a team trending in the right direction.
“When you have veterans it doesn't take as much time,” Buono said. “When you have a lot of young players it's like my old friend (former CFL coach) Dave Ritchie used to say, ‘Every rookie you have is usually one loss,' and he probably wasn't too far off.
“At this point I felt our nucleus was strong and it grew a lot last year. We need to build on that.”
True, the Leos aren't set in stone just yet. There is some thought that receiver Shawn Gore, who has a history of concussions, may retire. Offensive tackle Jovan Olafioye may have priced himself off the team. Ryan Phillips, who put in 12 seasons in the Leos' secondary, has signed with Montreal. And linebacker Adam Bighill is off to the New Orleans Saints.
Bighill's departure, in fact, freed up the money for the Lions to sign Elimimian. It's a tough business and each year tough decisions are made that affect lives and careers. On Tuesday, the business of the game had its say.
But soon enough it will be time to play and we'll learn if the right decisions were made.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
One of these two countries' nuclear infrastructure and weapons is larger, secretive, and manifestly effective, and shouldn't be compared to the other, says one observer.
NEW YORK: In one of John Cleese's comedic highlights in his television show Fawlty Towers, Basil Fawlty antagonises some German guests at his hotel by constantly invoking the Second World War, all the while telling his staff:
Don't mention the war!
Advertisement
The Trump administration should take some of Basil's advice when it comes to Libya and North Korea, and not simply because its constant invocation helped create an atmosphere of distrust and fear in Pyongyang.
The fact that the Trump team isn't terribly clear as to what model they mean — i.e., the denuclearisation part or the dying at the hands of a mob part — is only a feature of the larger bug.
The process of Libyan denuclearisation bears little resemblance to the vast and complicated process required to engineer a similar result in North Korea, even taking aside the very remote possibility of North Korean acquiescence to such a goal.
COMPARING APPLES AND ORANGES
Advertisement
Advertisement
For starters, while North Korea has been working away at producing nuclear weapons for years, the Libyans had essentially received their nuclear equipment from the Pakistani Abdul Qadeer Khan network and put it in the attic.
Though the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reports from 2004 outline some experiments and activities conducted by Libya throughout the 1980s and 1990s, they pale in comparison to the challenge we would face in disassembling, packaging, and removing North Korea's nuclear infrastructure.
At the time, US officials noted that “the Libyans had assembled just over 70 centrifuges for testing and had not enriched any uranium with them”.
When I was part of the Libyan nuclear dismantlement team at the Department of Energy in 2003 to 2004, several US National Laboratory experts underscored that the Libyan removal operation was quick and relatively painless because the equipment was uncontaminated and in mostly in crates already.
The flag of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) flies in front of its headquarters in Vienna, Austria on Jan 15, 2016. (Photo: REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger)
Had the Libyans used much of their equipment, it might have taken months to decontaminate and dismantle their programme.
This is obviously not what we would face in North Korea, where the North Koreans have been working away for years at producing nuclear materials — through both plutonium reprocessing and uranium centrifuges.
The scope, scale, and physical status of the North Korean programme very much outstrips what the Libyans ever achieved.
LIBYAN PROGRAMME PALES IN COMPARISON
An even more important distinction lies in the nature of the two nuclear programmes. The Libyan programme was small and non-productive.
In Libya, very few scientists and technicians were involved.
In 2007, the Government Accountability Office reported that the Department of Energy estimated that “200 scientists in Libya have WMD (weapons of mass destruction) knowledge and pose a proliferation risk.”
This is across all forms of WMD, not just nuclear.
By contrast, the North Korean nuclear weapons programme is large, secretive, and manifestly effective.
US estimates highlight that thousands of North Koreans are involved in WMD programs.
Beyond whether this is a challenge to prevent these scientists leaving North Korea and working for other countries to be addressed, this is a challenge in the North Korean context itself.
Unlike with the Soviet Union, where the US was naturally prepared to accept Russian continued possession of nuclear weapons, the Trump administration's stated ambition with North Korea is to dismantle North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes irreversibly.
Unless the US is prepared — and North Korea is willing — to sequester all of those thousand scientists, there are going to be some who will remain outside of its knowledge and control, who could help reconstitute North Korea's nuclear weapons programme at a later date.
This undated picture shows North Korean leader Kim Jong-un at a test of a high-thrust engine at the Sohae Satellite Launching Ground in North Korea. (Photo: AFP/STR)
It is extremely doubtful that North Korea's cooperation in this endeavour can be secured or that countries could or should trust the results of that process.
Would we really believe that the North Koreans will a complete roster of everyone who knows how to build nuclear weapons or missiles?
Consequently, even in our wildest imaginations, we won't be able to prevent the North Koreans from retaining the human capital necessary to reconstitute a nuclear weapons programme later on.
THE DANGERS OF A POOR ANALOGY
This only underscores the profound nature of the verification challenge awaiting us in North Korea and its differences with Libya.
The Libyan verification exercise took several months and, by September 2004, the Bush administration was satisfied enough that it eliminated its WMD-related sanctions against Libya. The International Atomic Energy Agency took a bit longer, waiting until September 2008 to issue a report that essentially closed the matter.
Verifying North Korea's physical capabilities, particularly in light of its past compliance failures, will be immensely difficult, especially if North Korea is held to even a fraction of the same standards that Iran nuclear agreement sceptics used to scuttle US participation in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action in May.
Will we be able to prove conclusively that North Korea does not retain its own “atomic archive” of nuclear weapons documents or a cache of materials for reconstitution of a nuclear weapons programme in the future?
Probably not, even under the most intrusive of inspection regimes.
People watch a TV broadcast of a news report on North Korea's ballistic missile test, at a railway station in Seoul, South Korea, on Jul 4, 2017. (Photo: REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji)
AGREEMENTS CAN BE NEGOTIATED
This is not to say that an agreement will be impossible to fashion with North Korea.
An agreement could be negotiated that would provide for inspections of suspect sites in a timely manner; require constant monitoring of declared North Korean nuclear facilities and those involved in the nuclear programme; and enhance the ability of the international community to understand what is going on in the North Korean nuclear programme that will almost undoubtedly remain after any negotiation is completed.
Moreover, such an agreement would be a tremendous improvement over the current situation.
But there will always need to be a healthy suspicion whether North Korea retained something for handling a future contingency and an agreement would have to reflect a realistic sense of what is possible with the North Koreans.
The outcome will not be remotely like what happened with Libya, even in its most optimistic portrayals.
Further, it would be dangerous to argue otherwise. One of the most persistent criticisms of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action was that some of the restrictions would lapse and that there would be some risk of Iran one day deciding to build nuclear weapons, notwithstanding the plan.
Then US President Barack Obama himself acknowledged this risk in a candid, blunt and honest statement. But, this was simply an honest reflection of both the technical and political realities in Iran and the limitations of an agreement.
If the Trump administration persists in seeking a Libya-style denuclearisation in North Korea in effect as well as in action, then it will either fail or have to lie in order to assert that the resulting agreement overcomes the huge challenges of verification and reversibility.
Evading the truth and misrepresenting an agreement with North Korea would undermine the importance of careful monitoring and give the illusion of infallibility for the agreement that is undeserved.
A series of explosion were seen at North Korea's nuclear test site by a small group of invited journalists. (Photo: AFP)
COMPARISON GIVES TWISTED IMPRESSION
Moreover, it is worth noting that even the Libyan experience was not without its complications. For years afterwards, the Libyans would complain about sanctions relief and occasionally demand their nuclear equipment returned.
But, herein lay the problem for Libya: It didn't know enough about the underlying science or have the manufacturing base to make good on its threats independently. The North Koreans could do much more than complain.
Not only is the Libya comparison for North Korea dangerous in that it imperils negotiations to address the most serious crisis the world faces today, but it also gives a warped impression of what actually can be achieved.
North Korean denuclearisation, even in the most extreme rendering of some US officials and non-governmental organisations, will struggle to be complete, verifiable and irreversible.
The North Koreans have come too far and too far on their own to make this a realistic proposition. A reality check is sorely needed.
Richard Nephew is non-resident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. This commentary first appeared on the Brookings Institution's blog. Read the original commentary here.
Jetta Wilkins Skillern, Branson, passed from this life on December 20, 2016 at Barnes Jewish Hospital in St. Louis, MO. The cause of death was due to pulmonary fibrosis, diagnosed six years earlier. As she was embraced by her husband Steve, their son Chris and his wife Angie, her sister Sherry, and their grandson Blane were also able to hold her hand and share their love as she found her way to a place where she can breathe easy again.
Jetta was born in Kennett, MO in 1947, to Joe W. “Bud” Wilkins and Barbara Ellen May Wilkins and grew up in nearby Hornersville. She was a member of the First United Methodist Church while in Hornersville and loved to play piano pieces from the Cokesbury Hymnal. Jetta had a beautiful singing voice and was active in her school chorus. She graduated from Senath-Hornersville High School in 1965, attended Southeast Missouri State University in Cape Girardeau, and was awarded a BSE degree in English and Literature from Arkansas State University in Jonesboro, AR.
Steve and Jetta married on February 3, 1968 and welcomed their son, Christopher Steven in 1971. The family traveled the world as the U.S. Army dictated from 1973 to 1993. They were able to tour Europe while stationed in Germany – visiting Italy, the Alps, France, Holland, Belgium, and England. They even ventured to London and Stratford-on-Avon with a class of her students from the U.S. military high school located in Wiesbaden, Germany After starting her 35 year teaching career in Arkansas, she went on to teach English and Literature to high school students in Texas, Germany, and Colorado. Loved and respected by students, parents, fellow teachers and administrators, Jetta ended her career back in Arkansas at Trumann High School, where she was awarded Teacher of the Year 2000-2001. She retired from teaching in 2009.
After Steve retired from the military, they made their home in Jonesboro, Arkansas until moving to Branson, MO in 2012. Jetta continued her passion for reading, keeping up with friends and former students on Facebook, spending time with family, and being “Grammy”. She loved attending shows in Branson, especially those where family members performed – she was so proud!
Surviving family members include: Husband Steve Skillern, son Christopher (Angela), grandchildren Blane Gunter, Skyla Culleny (Daniel), and Conner Skillern all of Branson; and sister Sherry Lutterloh (Brooks) of Chapel Hill, NC. Jetta has numerous cousins, nieces, nephews, and other family members who love her dearly. She is preceded in death by her parents.
Jetta is loved and remembered by all she touched. May God embrace and hold her for eternity. Services will be held December 30, 2016 at 12:00 P.M. (Noon) Snapp-Bearden Funeral Home in Branson, MO; graveside services at a later date in Jonesboro, AR. To those wishing to make a memorial in lieu of flowers: please consider a contribution to the Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation, 811 W. Evergreen Ave, Suite 204, Chicago, Ill., 60642, or to the charity of your choice.
METHUEN, Mass. — Authorities in Massachusetts say a 10-month-old baby had to be revived twice after she was exposed to fentanyl.
Police arrived at the Methuen residence early Saturday afternoon after receiving a report of a child not breathing.
First responders took the child to Lawrence General Hospital, where police say she stopped breathing twice and had to be resuscitated. She was later airlifted to Tufts Medical Center in Boston, where she's in stable condition.
Authorities say hospital tests indicate the baby had the potent synthetic opioid fentanyl in her system.
The Department of Children and Families says it has taken custody of the baby. The incident remains under investigation.
Mayor Stephen Zanni says, “The opioid epidemic knows no boundaries.”
The Delta State Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr. Peter Mrakpor, has said victims of rape and domestic violence of speedy justice.
He assured that the Violence against Persons Bill before the State House of Assembly would further protect the rights of women and children against abuse and violence.
Mrakpor made this known yesterday during a courtesy visit by the International Federation of Women Lawyers in Asaba-the Delta State Capital.
Peter Mrakpor while expressing joy on the impactful presence of FIDA in the State in championing the rights of women and children pledged the administration's commitment to their cause.
He said the Ministry of Justice would to grant a fiat to members of FIDA to enable them prosecute offenders.
Mrakpor informed the female lawyer's efforts to establish a Rape and Domestic Violence Referral Centre in the State, including a Rehabilitation Centre for victims, and charged them to intensify their public enlightenment campaign efforts in order to create adequate awareness.
While lamenting that women and children are the most vulnerable in society, the Attorney-General promised to mobilize staff of the Ministry and other top government functionaries to be part of FIDA road walk to create awareness on rape, cultism, drug abuse and all forms of harmful practices and discrimination against women.
Earlier, the chairperson of Delta FIDA, Mrs. Lauretta Omezi stated that the organization which is non-governmental and non-profit organization has affiliate organization in 73 countries across the globe.
Mrs. Omezi who solicited for partnership with the Ministry towards the attainment of its selfless services, including a request for the establishment of an Office in the Ministry of Justice for the handling of all FIDA related cases, disclosed that FIDA is a dynamic organization whose membership cut across all strata of society including the bench, academia and the business world.
Advertisement
Five people died when a Swiss-registered light aircraft crashed into a supermarket warehouse in the suburbs of Lisbon on Monday, rescue services said.
The fatalities comprised the pilot and all three passengers — a Swiss and three French nationals — who were aboard the aircraft, plus a Portuguese truck driver who was at the warehouse at the time, they said in a statement.
Three other people were slightly injured.
The warehouse, operated by the Lidl supermarket chain, is about a kilometre (half a mile) from an aerodrome at Tires, in the district of Cascais about 20 kilometres (12 miles) from central Lisbon.
The dead comprised the pilot, who was French according to Portuguese media, three passengers and the truck driver.
Two of the French victims were Marseille surgeon Jean-Pierre Franceschi, 65, and his wife Nathalie, Marseille mayor Jean-Claude Gaudin said in a statement late Monday.
Advertisement
Gaudin expressed his condolences to their families and paid tribute to the “internationally recognised orthopaedic surgeon (….) a leading authority in the sports world”.
A knee specialist, Franceschi had notably operated on legendary former France striker Jean-Pierre Papin, the 1991 Ballon d'Or winner, and former France and Arsenal star Robert Pires.
According to a statement issued by the aerodrome, the plane belonged to Symbios Orthopaedics, a company based near Lausanne, Switzerland that specialises in orthopaedic prosthetics.
The twin-engine Piper PA-31 plane had just taken off on a flight to the southern French city of Marseille when it crashed, hitting a truck parked at the warehouse.
About 90 firefighters mobilised to fight a blaze, which was quickly put out. A neighbouring house was also damaged.
An event which treats guests to a slap-up meal before they watch a human dissection is coming to Sussex.
After a series of sell-out tours across the UK, Anatomy Lab Live will arrive at the Hilton Brighton Metropole, on March 9 next year.
Anatomy Lab
The spine-tingling experience invites guests to sit down to dinner while watching trained anatomists disect a semi-synthetic human body.
And to top it off, visitors can have a go at dissecting body parts themselves.
Anatomist Sam Piri said the show was aimed at healthcare professionals and students, as well as those with a strong interest in the human body.
He added: “I wanted to give people something that is real, to see, touch, feel and smell. I wanted to give people something that is real, to see, touch, feel and smell.
“After a very successful tour earlier this year we're back bigger and better than before.
“You'll have the chance to dissect the specimens guided by myself and my team to really enhance your understanding of anatomy, physiology and the clinical pathology.”
To begin with two anatomists will dissect VIVIT – which is claimed to be the world's only semi-synthetic human corpse with real organs.
They will carry out an in-depth observation of various disease states before mortuary technicians bring samples out to the audience for a closer look.
The organs – which all come from pigs because of the anatomical similarity with humans – include the brain, spinal cord, stomach, liver and rectum.
Guests will be given mortuary wear including protective surgical hats, masks and aprons as well as scalpels, scissors, forceps and bone saws to help with their own dissection attempt.
They can look closer inside a real head and brain sample, dissect the heart and blood vessels, and observe the structure of the limbs.
Sam added: “Together we'll experience the physiology of clinical pathology comparing healthy and diseased samples.
“We'll learn how the human body is built and how a post-mortem is conducted.”
There will also be time for questions to the team about different pathology.
Standard tickets cost £79 with reductions for NHS staff, students and groups.
All ticket-holders must be over 16.
For more information on Anatomy Lab Live go to anatomylablive.co.uk.
A charity album made up of performances from last year's Glastonbury Festival is to be released on limited edition vinyl to mark Record Store Day.
The compilation album, Oxfam Presents: Stand As One, includes songs from Coldplay, Muse, Laura Mvula and Editors and a host of other artists from their Glastonbury 2016 sets.
The Glastonbury Festival is a five-day festival of contemporary performing arts that takes place near Pilton, Somerset
Just 500 copies of the limited edition vinyl will go on sale, with funds donated towards Oxfam's work with refugees and to the Jo Cox Fund which was set up after the death of the Labour MP.
The double album features coloured vinyl in a gatefold sleeve with artwork by artist and Radiohead collaborator Stanley Donwood.
Glastonbury co-organiser Emily Eavis said: "I'm so pleased that the live album is being released on vinyl.
"We want to do everything we can to help Oxfam raise money to support refugees, and it's a lovely bonus to be able to help get people along to their local record shop for Record Store Day too."
Mark Goldring, Oxfam GB chief executive said: "In this unique album, some of the world's top musicians have added their voices to the call to stand with vulnerable refugees.
"I am so grateful to Glastonbury and all of the artists for supporting Oxfam's campaign to ensure that all those forced to flee get the help and protection they urgently need."
Record Store Day, which is marking its tenth anniversary this year, takes place on April 22.
By Alister Doyle
OSLO (Reuters) - A Green Climate Fund (GCF) meant to channel billions of dollars to poor nations said it had had a "very difficult and disappointing" meeting ending on Wednesday, in a new setback after U.S. President Donald Trump pulled out U.S. support last year.
Australian climate finance expert Howard Bamsey announced he was stepping down as executive director of the GCF at the end of the four-day meeting in Songdo, South Korea, the GCF said in a statement.
The GCF, whose South Korean headquarters opened in 2013 with backing from almost 200 nations, aims to help poor nations cut greenhouse gas emissions and adapt their economies to heatwaves, storms and rising seas.
But it has been bogged down by disputes between rich and poor nations about how and where to invest.
"This has been a very difficult and disappointing board meeting for all of us, but most importantly for those people who are most vulnerable to climate change impacts, and who depend on the activities of the Fund," GCF chair Lennart Baage said in a statement.
The meeting had "challenging and difficult discussions between Board members", the GCF said in a statement.
A GCF spokesman said Baage declined further comment.
The meeting failed to add to its portfolio of 76 projects worth $3.7 billion, which range from promoting rooftop solar energy in India to helping Colombia safeguard wetlands.
The fund, which won initial pledges from developing nations totalling $10.3 billion in 2014, including $3 billion from the United States, has been plagued by red tape and suffered last year when Trump said it was a waste of U.S. taxpayer dollars.
Trump halted U.S. contributions as part of his decision to quit the 2015 Paris climate agreement. That cut the GCF to $8 billion, since former president Barack Obama had paid $1 billion of the planned $3 billion.
The GCF did not give a reason for Bamsey's departure, which was effective immediately, but Baage said he had done an "exceptional job" since taking over in 2016.
As part of the Paris agreement, rich nations pledged to raise total climate finance, from both private and public sources, to $100 billion a year by 2020 and to raise it further in the 2020s.
(Reporting By Alister Doyle; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
One play in the first half put some suspense back into Friday's showdown between Broadneck and Old Mill.
With the Bruins already up by two scores and driving for another, Old Mill's Aaron Dawson returned an interception 90 yards for a score to cut the lead in half.
The rest of the game belonged to the Bruins.
Shane Davis threw for 277 yards and two touchdown passes and scored three more, Tyler Vermillion caught a pair of touchdown passes and Jason Carcamo ran for 127 yards on 15 carries and scored two touchdowns to lead Broadneck to a 55-28 victory over Old Mill in a matchup of teams who have met in the playoffs the last three years.
“We started really fast and that was good for us because right out of the gate we got confidence,” said Davis, who has now thrown 18 touchdown passes in six games. “We just kept pushing on from there.”
Broadneck improved to 6-0 and should remain atop the Class 4A East Region, while Old Mill (4-2) lost to a county team in the regular season for the first time since Week 2 of the 2014 season. Heading into play Friday, the Patriots had won their last 32 games against county competition in the regular season.
“They're the best team we've played so far,” Broadneck coach Rob Harris said. “They're going to be there at the end and we're probably going to have to face them again.”
The Bruins scored on five of their seven first-half possessions. Carcamo gave them an early spark with a 65-yard touchdown run on the game's first play. After Old Mill went three-and-out, the Bruins mounted a 10-play, 63-yard drive and increased the lead to 14-0 on a 1-yard run from Davis.
Old Mill turned the ball over on downs and Broadneck was deep in Old Mill territory again, but Dawson stepped in front of a Davis screen pass and returned it 90 yards for a touchdown that cut the Bruins' lead in half.
“That hurt. I was mad after that play,” Davis said. “I just had to shake it off and move on to the next play.”
The score and the seemingly switch in momentum didn't seem to faze the Bruins. Davis and Vermillion hooked up for the first of their two first-half scores and the 26-yard touchdown quickly restored the two-touchdown lead. After an Old Mill punt, Davis hit Vermillion for a 13-yard touchdown that made it 27-7.
“He had a tough time seeing that kid so his read got messed up,” Harris said. “He bounced back and made some plays. I don't think there's any question he's the best quarterback in the county.”
The Patriots refused to go away quietly and cut the lead to 27-14 when Markus Thompson hit Avion Robinson for a 34-yard touchdown on fourth down, but the Bruins marched quickly down the field and took a 34-14 lead at the half after Carcamo scored on a short run with just 22 seconds left.
The only times the Bruins didn't score in the half was on Dawson's interception return and on their last drive, which was just a short pass as time expired in the half.
Davis completed passes to five receivers in the half for 198 yards and the two touchdown passes to Vermillion, who had seven catches for 84 yards in the half. Carcamo added 115 yards on 14 carries for the Bruins.
Ethon Williams finished with seven catches for 105 yards and Tyrice Watson added a late 27-yard touchdown run for the Bruins, who will face a surging South River team next week. Matt McAllister led the defense with eight tackles and a sack
Thompson scored on a 2-yard run and threw a touchdown pass to Dajour Thompson in the second half for the Patriots.
Friday's game was the Ravens RISE High School Football Showdown, as voted on by fans over the last week.
The Baltimore Ravens are teaming up with The Baltimore Sun again to present the Ravens RISE High School Football Showdown for the 2017 season.
Each week of the high school football regular season, fans will vote for an area high school football matchup to be featured by the Ravens and The Sun. The selected game each week will receive visits from the Ravens mascot, Poe, Baltimore Ravens Cheerleaders and have the stadium outfitted in Ravens banners and flags. In addition, $1,000 donations will be awarded to each participating school's athletic department, with each team receiving T-shirts to commemorate the experience of playing in the Ravens RISE High School Football Showdown.
Broadneck (6-0) 14 20 14 7 — 55
Old Mill (4-2) 0 14 7 7 — 28
First quarter
BN — Carcamo 65 run (Orofino kick)
BN — Davis 1 run (Orofino kick)
Second quarter
OM — Dawson 90 interception return (Mason kick)
BN — Vermillion 26 pass from Davis (Orofino kick)
BN — Vermillion 13 pass from Davis (Orofino kick)
OM — Robinson 34 pass from M. Thompson (Mason kick)
BN — Carcamo 2 run (Orofino kick)
Third quarter
BN — Davis 1 run (Orofino kick)
OM — M. Thompson 2 run (Mason kick)
BN — Davis 33 run (Orofino kick)
Fourth quarter
OM — D. Thompson 14 pass from M. Thompson (Mason kick)
BN — Watson 27 run (Orofino kick)
A collection of images from football games in fall 2017
SINGAPORE: A 46-year-old man has died after his car flipped over in an accident along the Bukit Timah Expressway towards Woodlands Checkpoint on Wednesday (Jul 4) evening.
Police said they were alerted to the accident at around 6.30pm and that the man was unconscious when he was taken to Khoo Teck Puat Hospital.
Advertisement
Photos uploaded on social media showed the man's car, a silver Mercedes, flipped over on its side beside a grey Mitsubishi.
An 18-second video also showed a man performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on another man on the road shoulder.
Liverpool is eager to complete a deal for France international Fekir before the World Cup gets underway on June 14.
But, according to the Daily Mirror, Aulas is holding out because he thinks the forward's value will rise if he performs well in Russia.
Reports in France suggest that Liverpool have opened the bidding but it is understood an offer is yet to be tabled.
Jurgen Klopp is eager to quickly piece together his squad ahead of next season.
A £52.75m deal has already been agreed for RB Leipzig midfielder Naby Keita while utility man Fabinho was captured from Monaco for around £44m earlier this week.
A swoop for Fekir would take their summer spending rocketing towards the £150m barrier.
EDWARDSVILLE | SIUE women's soccer head coach Derek Burton has announced two additions to the 2018 recruiting class in Tamia Cash (O'Fallon, Ill.) and Megan Keeven (St. Charles, Mo.).
Cash signed with Mississippi State for the 2017 season but comes to SIUE as a true freshman after not competing for the Bulldogs. She was a standout soccer and basketball player at O'Fallon Township High School and played club soccer for Saint Louis Scott Gallagher.
Keeven will transfer from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, where she redshirted last season. The 5-foot, 7-inch defender played her prep years at St. Charles West High School, where she was a Missouri State High School Soccer Coaches Association Class 2 All-State selection her senior season after leading her team to a 17-3 season. Her senior year at St. Charles West, Keeven recorded 24 points on nine goals and six assists. Keeven played club soccer with Sporting JB Marine SC where it was the Missouri Fall State Cup finalists in 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2017.
Both players will be eligible to play this fall.
“First and foremost, Tamia and Megan are ready to get started at SIUE and jump on board with our returning players and incoming freshmen to work together toward our team goals,” Burton said. “The importance of this can't be understated as both of them made it a priority as they analyzed their next step. For this reason, I am delighted to bring Tamia and Megan into the program. They bring elite-level athleticism and dynamic soccer ability that will positively affect us in a variety of ways on the field, depending on where I feel they help us most.”
Tamia Cash
Hometown: O'Fallon, Ill.
High School: O'Fallon Township
Position: Defender
Club Team: Saint Louis Scott Gallagher
From Coach Burton: “Tamia has pace and athleticism that allows her to impact a game defensively because she is so tough to beat. She is very comfortable in the attack and has the technical ability, combined with her speed to pose a real threat to our opponents, especially in the wide areas.”
Megan Keeven
Hometown: St. Charles, Mo.
High School: St. Charles West
Position: Defender
Club Team: Sporting JB Marine SC
From Coach Burton: “Megan has that combination of athleticism, competitiveness and toughness that you love as a coach. On top of that, she has an outstanding game sense and soccer IQ. We look forward to her bringing all of these aspects to the field this fall.”
Follow AdVantage Sports on Facebook and #AdVsports on Twitter
Liverpool takes on Chester at the Swansway Chester Stadium
England are preparing for their quarter-final with Sweden that is set to kick off at 3pm on Saturday - as is Liverpool's friendly at the Swansway Chester Stadium.
Chester chairman David Harrington-Wright doubts the game will be moved even with the possibility of a poor turn out.
He said: "When the fixture was first discussed there was a possible clash with an England quarter-final in the World Cup.
"We requested a kick-off change then but that was the only time Liverpool could do.
MUMBAI : Singer Justin Timberlake released his new song titled Soulmate.
The actor, singer, and songwriter made that announcement alongside the release of a new track just one day before the Independence Day celebrations (Wednesday) starts off, reports entertainment weekly.com.
Titled SoulMate, the song marks a departure from the more country vibes of Man in the Wood and a return to Timberlake's star-making dance bangers.
The song has a lively dance beat to it and the track is the first new music from Timberlake since his fifth solo album Man of the Wood back in January.
Timberlake is currently on his Man of the Wood tour, which extends all the way into January 2019. Amidst of the world tour, he is still finding time to produce new music, including the new track which could be a contender to be the perfect soulmate for the popular title of song of the summer.
(Source: IANS)
Two startups were named joint winners of the Johannesburg leg of the DEMO Africa Innovation Tour last week, and will now go on to compete against startups from Cape Town and Zimbabwe for a place at the main event.
Disrupt Africa reported in March this year's DEMO Africa would take place in Morocco for the first time after previous editions in Nairobi, Lagos and Johannesburg.
The startup launchpad competition is visiting a host of cities across the continent to select startups for the event, and has already named winners in Uganda, Kenya and Zimbabwe.
The Johannesburg event saw five startups pitch, with two tying for joint first place after being scored by a panel of judges. The first, GetHosted, has built an application that provides access to spaces for all types of events, while the second, Loyal1, is an end-to-end rewards application. The other teams that participated were CommuScore, Afripav and You, Baby and I.
Get Hosted, Loyal1 and the winners of the Cape Town leg of the event, which takes place tomorrow, will now pitch again Zimbabwean national winner SMART Connect for the chance to take part in the main event in Morocco, where startups will be provided with resources worth over US$150,000.
The supposed images of the upcoming Mi 6 were our first glimpse of the new Xiaomi flagship smartphone. Some specs were then spotted on GFXBench and then again on AnTuTu which meant the device is arriving soon in China. A teaser tells us Xiaomi will make the big reveal on April 19 which is only two days from today. Now we've got two new spy photos that could show us the possible design of the new Xiaomi smartphone.
The images above show us a 2.5D and 3D curved glass at the black. You see the black ceramic version and what appears to be a darker grey model. The two holes at the upper left corner could be for a dual camera setup.
We're actually excited to confirm some of the specs and features listed such as the 5.1-inch screen, 1080 x 1920 pixel resolution, 2.2/2.4GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 chipset, 64GB or 128GB onboard storage, 4GB or 6GB RAM, 12MP rear caemra with another cam, 8MP front-facing shooter, and 4K video recording. The phone is expected to be powered by Android 7.1.1 Nougat with the latest MIUI version already. There could also be a Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus.
Pricing could be 2199 yuan and 2599 yuan for the Mi 6 ($319 and $377) for the Xiaomi Mi 6. Other models are at 2699 yuan, 3099 yuan, 3699 yuan (around $392, $450, $537) for the other variants like the 6GB RAM/64GB storage, 6GB RAM/128GB, and the 6GB RAM/256GB storage.
Meanwhile, the AnTuTu listing below almost confirms what we know already. Notice the Xiaomi Mi 6 name is clearly indicated.
VIA: MyDrivers
- The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) command of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) commences battle against abuse of sirens
- The taskforce is also mandated to target those who abuse supernumerary (SPY) number plates
- Ibrahim Idris earlier directed the those abusing SPY number plates to return them
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the taskforce was constituted weeks after the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Ibrahim Idris, directed all holders of SPY number plates and siren to return them to the law enforcement agency's transport officer and apply for re-validation.
The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) command of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) has constituted a six-member taskforce on the abuse of supernumerary (SPY) number plates and siren by unauthorised persons in the territory.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the taskforce was constituted weeks after the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Ibrahim Idris, directed all holders of SPY number plate and siren to return them to the law enforcement agency's transport officer and apply for re-validation.
READ ALSO: 50-year-old man faces police after molesting, impregnating his 21-year-old daughter
Idris had also said that a task force would be formed at the command levels by state commissioners of police to ensure compliance.
The report noted that the statement by the command's spokesman, Anjuguri Manzah, said that the taskforce headed by Yahaya Gambo would ensure arrest and prosecution of offenders.
Manzah said that the taskforce was mandated to also check road users without number plates on their vehicles.
He reiterated the commitment of the command to protect lives and property.
He solicited for the cooperation of members of the public and advised those with SPY number plates to revalidate them.
NAIJ.com earlier reported that the Nigeria Police Force said on Monday, April 23, that it has arrested three suspects in connection with the killing of a policeman that guarded the Abuja farm house of the acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu.
The deputy force spokesman, Aremu Adeniran, stated this while briefing journalists on the arrest in Abuja.
Nigeria Breaking news: 50-year-old man inseminates daughter, blames the devil | Naij.com TV
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
While the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) insists that its national director Shaun Abrahams remains in his job, civil society bodies who beat him in court this week are taking their fight to the next level.
On Friday, a full Bench of the High Court in Pretoria set aside Abrahams' appointment by President Jacob Zuma, and ordered that Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa appoint a new national director within 60 days.
The court also ruled that former prosecutions boss Mxolisi Nxasana was removed from his position unlawfully and that he had to pay back his R17m settlement. It also found Abrahams to be biased when dealing with matters involving Zuma.
Both the prosecutions authority and Zuma have announced their intention to appeal the judgment.
But the Council for the Advancement of the SA Constitution (Casac) is preparing to prevent the case being dragged out with an appeal to the Supreme Court of Appeal and on to the Constitutional Court.
Casac executive secretary Lawson Naidoo said the council would make an application to the Constitutional Court for confirmation of the high court's order.
“In terms of the rules of court, we have 15 days to lodge that application. Our understanding of the law is that any appeal [by Zuma and the NPA]will have to serve as a cross-appeal in the Constitutional Court,” he said.
Naidoo said this would have the effect of precluding any so-called “Stalingrad strategy”, a reference to the delay tactic sometimes employed by Zuma in court matters.
“The fact that the high court delivered judgment in just over two weeks shows how seriously the court sees this matter and that it recognises the urgency in resolving these matters.”
The judgment also hamstrings Abrahams' ability to consider Zuma's representations on the “spy tapes” saga, which could see the 783 charges of fraud and corruption he faced being reinstated.
The ruling comes as the prosecutions team, headed by KwaZulu-Natal Director of Public Prosecutions Moipone Noko, is tasked with deciding whether or not Zuma will be charged.
Insiders told City Press this week that Zuma's representations to Abrahams were contained in scores of lever-arch files, submitted two weeks ago. And, while the prosecutors are still working through their contents, the files perused so far have not added any new material which, prosecutors believe, could convince them not to reinstate the charges.
Mixed reactions
Meanwhile, there were mixed reactions to the judgment at the NPA's headquarters in Silverton, Pretoria, on Friday as Abrahams is both a loved and hated figure within the highly divided organisation.
While some celebrated his impending demise, others close to him cried foul and accused the court of “judicial overreach”.
Prosecutors at head office, however, were unable to watch proceedings on television because Abrahams had called them to the auditorium to observe International Anti-Corruption Day.
While Judge Dunstan Mlambo was handing down the judgment, Abrahams delivered a lengthy speech on the importance of the Financial Intelligence Centre Act, prioritising financial and commercial crimes, and how prosecutors should take their jobs seriously.
As Abrahams left the podium, the court had ensured that his days at the helm of the NPA were numbered.
Two prosecutors told City Press that on Friday afternoon, Abrahams refused to step down and appoint an acting interim head.
However, NPA spokesperson Luvuyo Mfaku denied this, saying Abrahams “has not been advised by anyone to step down, nor not to deal with any matter relevant to the mandate of the NPA”.
In a statement on Friday, Mfaku said: “We deem it prudent to record that the order is suspended for a period of 60 days. Abrahams therefore remains in his position as National Director of Public Prosecutions.
“Abrahams' appointment brought much-needed stability to the NPA,” he said.
Abrahams is not going down without a fight.
“It seems his appeal was already decided long before the judgment,” said one prosecutor.
“In the history of the NPA, it was the first time I have seen such a hastily done appeal, which was filed on the very same day as the ruling.”
In his nine-page appeal, drawn up by the State Attorney's Office, Abrahams seeks to overturn the ruling on eight grounds, including the finding that there was no vacancy when he was appointed.
“It is submitted that the court erred in finding that an order leaving Abrahams in office would allow the president to achieve, through unlawful means, what he wished to attain all along, there being no evidence that the president entered into the impugned agreement with Nxasana with a mind to installing Abrahams as NPA head,” the appeal states.
Abrahams also argues that the court erred when finding that he behaved inconsistently “with the imperative of prosecutorial independence on certain issues with the position of the president”.
The NPA and Abrahams also want to challenge the court's ruling that gave Cyril Ramaphosa 60 days to appoint a new national director of public prosecutions, saying it violated the separation of powers and that it was the president's prerogative to make the appointment, and any ruling to the contrary could be unconstitutional.
[Source: Times Live]
Comments
comments
Don't have a ticket to this year's's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference? The company's new 2018 edition of the WWDC app for iPhones and iPads gives you a virtual seat to this year's conference, with a wealth of educational videos now organized at your fingertips.
Videos are now "front and center," making them easier to find and watch, Apple said in its release notes . Since WWDC tickets are limited , this is often the only way for many developers to catch up.The app has been redesigned to make it easier to find favorites, sessions, and labs as well, including a new topic-based organization. When looking at some items, Apple will suggest related videos and events.Getting into the technical side of things, the update offers access to documentation and resources, including even sample code.Apple has separately announced a special Close Your Rings Challenge for Watch owners attending WWDC. Between June 3 and June 7, people will be able to join with three other attendees and work to close their Activity rings. Participation requires downloading the Challenges app , applying for an invitation code, and joining or creating a team. Apple notes that participants should also adjust the Move goal on their Watch to match their targets.The company hasn't said what the reward will be, except that it will be handed out on June 8 at the McEnery Convention Center where WWDC is being held.AppleInsider will be on the scene at WWDC 2018 to offer live coverage of the keynote and following events. Follow us on Twitter @appleinsider and Facebook for the latest WWDC news.
MANCHESTER, England: A player moaning about his 65,000 pounds a week salary; another handing in a transfer request 24 hours before the first game and suspicious injuries to players known to want to leave for bigger money elsewhere.
The final week of build-up to the new Premier League season encapsulated the worst of the world's most popular weekly football product - greed, disloyalty and A tone-deaf insensitivity to the fans whose money keeps the whole circus running.
It can be tawdry at times and accompanied by the non-stop cacophony of 24/7 television and radio coverage, the close season can test the loyalty of even the most fanatical.
But it took just 90 minutes of actual football to show just why it is the most watched league around the globe.
Arsenal's 4-3 win over Leicester couldn't have been better scripted as an opening night showcase - the Gunners' new French striker Alexandre Lacazette scored just 94 seconds into his debut.
Leicester, whose title win two seasons ago was the league's ultimate fairytale, then fought back to go 2-1 up, only for Arsenal to grab victory with two goals in the last seven minutes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Yes, the experts could point out some of the poor defending and tut-tut at Arsenal conceding three goals at home but for most fans it was just simply great entertainment.
It was a similar story in Saturday's early game where Liverpool, reeling from Brazilian star Philippe Coutinho's transfer request on Friday after two rejected bids from Barcelona, showed their problems are at the other end of the field, with defensive lapses behind their 3-3 draw at Watford.
But again, while Liverpool fans may have been frustrated at such a start, the rest of us were hardly complaining at 13 goals in the opening two games.
The first half of Everton against Stoke showed that the Premier League can be scrappy and physical, and it was goalless until just before the break when Wayne Rooney's beautiful header put the home side ahead.
It highlighted another key element in the Premier League success story - the personalities and narratives that turn even a mundane game into a talking point.
Rooney's goal came on his emotional return to his boyhood club after 13 years at Manchester United and after he was written off as a spent force by so many pundits.
While Rooney was basking in adulation, with the old chant of his name being heard from the Gwladys Street end for the first time in over a decade, the defending champions were in the midst of providing the first major upset of the season.
Opponents Burnley had been forced to sell their striker Andre Gray to Watford on Wednesday while Chelsea were content to leave their £70 million striker Alvaro Morata on the bench.
But after Chelsea skipper Gary Cahill was sent off in the 14th minute Burnley took a 3-0 lead into the break, and while they had to hang on to secure a 3-2 win, in the end a team that had managed just one away win all last season triumphed against a club with vastly superior resources.
Such results happen in other leagues too from time to time. However there is no doubt that the smaller clubs in the Premier League consistently provide a much tougher test to the elite clubs than in Europe's other top leagues.
The expressions on the faces of Chelsea's expensive stars as the Clarets pulled them apart in the first half said it all.
On Sunday at Old Trafford, another debutant striker became an instant hero to his new fans as Romelu Lukaku scored twice in Manchester United's 4-0 crushing of West Ham.
Love or loathe United, there is no doubt that the Premier League benefits from having the 20-times champions as real contenders, something they haven't been since Alex Ferguson retired in 2013. The many foreign fans present on Sunday, proudly purchasing their replica shirts, are testament to the club's global appeal and their commercial power.
With the transfer window still open until the end of August - though many would prefer it to close before the season - the headlines for the next two weeks will continue to be dominated by transfers and wages that appear headed towards hyper-inflation.
Tottenham defender Danny Rose's ill-advised complaints at earning more than twice in one week than the national average annual salary do not help the image of the game among the general public in Britain.
But as crass as it can be at times, the Premier League showed this weekend why so much of the world is addicted to it.
Unpredictable, with personalities, heroes and villains in abundance, drawing talent from around the world and yet still, somehow, maintaining just enough local tradition to fuel rivalries and generate passion, it is the world's greatest soap opera.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Gareth Jones)
‘Avengers: Infinity War' is an overstuffed adventure with a terrific villain Seriously, Thanos is the best part of the movie
When I saw the first trailer for Avengers: Infinity War, I was really excited and really worried.
Excited because holy crap, there were so many characters. Iron Man! Captain America! Thor! Black Panther! Black Widow! The Vision! The Guardians of the Galaxy! And they were all going to be in a movie together!
Worried because, holy crap, there so many characters. How could you squeeze all of them into a single film?
The answer is, with great difficulty. To be fair, Infinity War isn't the giant mess that it could have been — in fact, it's a lot of fun. But there's simply not enough movie to do justice to the enormous cast.
Some of those characters fare better than others. For most Infinity War, the “cosmic” side of the Marvel Cinematic Universe is well-represented by Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and the Guardians of the Galaxy (Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana and team), who end up working together. Screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely are more willing to spend time with them, even when they're not involved in a giant battle, and that pays off with the movie's funniest moments — as well as scenes with real weight and melancholy.
Meanwhile, Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.) and Spider-Man (Tom Holland) also get some good jokes in, recapturing the fun of their relationship in Spider-Man: Homecoming.
Everyone else? Well, they usually get introduced with a nice quip or a badass moment, designed to remind you of how much you liked them in their own movies. But afterwards, they tend to fade into the background, becoming just another moving part in the big action set pieces (and yes, this includes Marvel's new MVP Black Panther). That's probably about as good as any filmmaker could do when trying to stuff the entire Marvel Universe into a single movie, but it's still a little disappointing after the first Avengers film managed to give us five distinct and memorable heroes (sorry, Hawkeye), and it got so much mileage out of throwing those heroes together.
Luckily, the film's real strength isn't on the heroic side. Instead, as in Black Panther (and virtually no other Marvel movie), Infinity War‘s most memorable character is actually the villain, Thanos.
Previous films have reduced Thanos to a purple guy who utters a few threatening lines while sitting in his silly-looking space throne. In Infinity War, Thanos is at the center of the action. His quest to acquire the superpowered infinity stones drives the story, as all of our heroes scramble to stop him, leading to a constant feeling of crisis, and fairly quickly to big battles on Earth and in space. He even gets to kill off a surprisingly large number of those heroes (though I don't expect all of those deaths to stick).
Over the course of the film, Thanos emerges as an dangerous and powerful alien who's absolutely devoted to his mission of destroying half the life in the universe — kind of weird goal, but as Walter Sobchak once said, at least it's an ethos. And as portrayed by Josh Brolin (via voice acting and motion capture), he doesn't come off as a cackling villain. Instead, he's a weary soldier at the end of a long quest.
I shouldn't say too much about where that quest leads, but I will note that Infinity War feels very much like the first half of a two-part film, with an ending that sets up the still-untitled Avengers 4 (due May 3, 2019).
I do think Infinity War falls a little short of Marvel's best movies, like Black Panther and Captain America: The Winter Soldier (which, like Infinity War, was directed by Anthony and Joe Russo). But here's one simple measure of the film's success: Despite my reservations, that cliffhanger worked, and I cannot wait to find out what happens next. It's going to be a long wait 'till 2019.
MEXICO CITY: A Mexican federal police officer who captured drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman in northwest Mexico last year was moved for his own safety to a posting at the Mexican embassy in Washington, DC, according to two Mexican law enforcement sources.
Nicolas Gonzalez was a senior federal police officer in the northwestern state of Sinaloa during the January 2016 capture of Guzman, the sources said. Gonzalez is now Mexico's law enforcement emissary in Washington, according to the sources and the Mexican foreign ministry website.
Currently awaiting trial in New York after being deported to the United States, Guzman was re-captured in the Sinaloa town of Los Mochis. The kingpin, who ran the feared Sinaloa drug cartel, had been on the run after infamously escaping through a tunnel from his high-security jail in 2015.
During the navy-led operation to detain Guzman, the drug lord and his henchman evaded the marines by escaping via the sewer. However, after stealing a car, they were stopped by federal police who had been tasked with blocking roads out of Los Mochis and were unaware of the navy's hunt, the sources said.
The police officers who inadvertently stopped Guzman, for speeding and driving in a stolen car, phoned Gonzalez, who took over custody of Guzman at the motel where he was being held.
Gonzalez was unwilling to hand his prized charge to the navy, the sources said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As such, the capture of Guzman after escaping the navy was a big victory for the federal police and brought Gonzalez into the spotlight.
Gonzalez's quiet transfer to Washington last year was portrayed as a promotion, but was mainly due to fears for the safety of him and his family, the two sources said.
Violence in Sinaloa has jumped since Guzman's detention, as tensions within the cartel and incursions from other criminal gangs have sparked a sharp rise in killings.
Gonzalez could not immediately be reached for comment, and the foreign ministry referred questions to the National Security Commission, which did not immediately reply to requests for comment.
Guzman was transferred under heavy guard from his cell to a court in Brooklyn, New York, on Monday.
(Editing by Marcy Nicholson)
KUALA LUMPUR: South Korea confirmed on Wednesday (Feb 15) that the North Korean man who died after a reported assassination at the Kuala Lumpur airport was North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother.
"Our government is certain that the murdered man is Kim Jong Nam," said Chung Joon-Hee, a spokesman for Seoul's unification ministry that handles inter-Korea affairs.
South Korea added that North Korea had been planning to kill Kim Jong Nam for the past five years. The deceased was travelling from Malaysia to Macau to meet his family when he was assassinated.
South Korea says #DPRK had been planning to kill Kim Jong Nam for the past 5 years and that he was on his way to Macau to meet family. — LIM Yun Suk (@yunsukCNA) February 15, 2017
TV Chosun, a South Korean cable television network, reported that Kim Jong Nam was poisoned at the Kuala Lumpur airport by two women believed to be North Korean operatives.
CCTV pictures taken from #Malaysia airport showing one of the two women suspected to have killed Kim Jong Nam, half-brother of Kim Jong-Un. pic.twitter.com/otcjrvjYts — LIM Yun Suk (@yunsukCNA) February 15, 2017
The women are believed to be still at large.
The North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur has asked Malaysian authorities to hand over the dead body of Kim Jong Nam.
Malaysia's Criminal Investigation Department chief Mohmad Salleh earlier told Channel NewsAsia that travel documents found on the man indicated he was Kim Jong Nam.
A van leaves Putrajaya Hospital, escorted by police. Does the body it's transporting belong to Kim Jong Nam & where's it headed? pic.twitter.com/0p74zYexpX — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) February 15, 2017
Malaysian police requested for a post-mortem to be conducted on the body, which has since been moved from Putrajaya Hospital.
A van was seen on Wednesday morning leaving the hospital while being escorted by police vehicles.
This is a developing story. Please refresh for updates.
Getty Images
The official announcement of the 2018 class for the Pro Football Hall of Fame will be made soon at the NFL Honors show in Minneapolis, but reports of who will be heading to Canton have started to trickle out.
According to multiple reports, Randy Moss will be part of that group. Moss was elected in his first year of eligibility.
Moss caught 982 passes for 15,292 yards and 156 touchdowns over the course of a 14-year career. That career started in the same town where Saturday night's announcement will be made when the Vikings made Moss the 21st overall pick of the 1998 draft. Moss set the NFL single-season record for receiving touchdowns with 23 for the Patriots in 2007 and ranks second all-time in that category behind Jerry Rice.
Any doubt about whether Moss, who also played for the Raiders, Titans and 49ers, would be elected this year centered on moments of discontent and lackadaisical play in several of his stops. Moss' remarkable production overcame those negatives. Now we'll wait to see if Terrell Owens was able to do the same and make it a two-receiver class at the induction ceremony this summer.
By Beverly Cohn
Most of us have been well indoctrinated that in the interest of harmonious social interaction, that it's best to avoid bringing up the two most explosive
subjects – religion and politics – t he latter being the most polarizing subject we face today. That said, based on the book “The Question of God” by Dr. Armand M. Nicholi, Jr., about Dr. Sigmund Freud, the father of psychoanalysis, and C.S. Lewis, a British intellectual and staunch defender of Christian beliefs, Mark St. German wrote the intellectually stimulating “Freud's Last Session,” now on stage at Ron Sossi's iconic Odyssey Theatre Ensemble.
ADVERTISEMENT
Briskly, but sensitively directed by Robert Mandel, what unfolds is a play on an imagined lively debate on the existence of God, as well as thoughts on sex, love, and the meaning of life between two brilliant men wonderfully portrayed by Martin Rayner as Sigmund Freud and Martyn Stanbridge as C.S. Lewis. The story takes place on September 3, 1939, the day Britain, joined France, Australia, and New Zealand in declaring war on Germany. The play begins in complete darkness as we hear radio announcements about an impending attack on London by Germany. When lights come up, we are in the study of Sigmund Freud, perfectly created by Scenic Designer Peter Hickok, who filled the room with the requisite couch, rows of books, a desk full of papers, photographs, vintage radio, and statues of gods and goddesses. It was so thorough you could almost smell the scent of pipe smoke.
Freud is waiting for a visitor, 40-year-old World War I veteran C.S. Lewis, a professor at Oxford University who has written books on the existence of God. An unseen dog barks as the professor rushes in, apologizing for being late, explaining that the trains were being filled with London's students, patients from hospitals, and prison inmates to help protect them from the anticipated German bombing of the city. The witty Freud responds about Lewis' tardiness with, “If I wasn't 83, I would say it doesn't matter.” Commenting on the dog, Freud quips that he uses his dog, “To gauge the emotionality of my patients.” It also becomes clear early in the play that Freud is quite ill and it is revealed that he is suffering from oral cancer, the manifestation of which is a deeply gurgling sound followed by coughing up blood, which for me was an appetite suppressant. Too graphic perhaps? Now professor Lewis has written a book in which he described Freud as a vain, ignorant man, basically desecrating him and, as you can imagine, still remaining respectful of each other, as they do throughout the play, there is an amusing discussion around those comments.
With some niceties dispensed with, these two brilliantly articulate men fill the next eighty minutes with a fascinating scholarly debate on the existence of God, touching on sex and love along the way. Reference is made to “Paradise Lost,” the epic poem in blank verse written by the 17th-century English poet John Milton, which is about the creation of Adam and Eve and how they lost their place in the Garden of Eden or as it's also known, Paradise. Freud comments, “Satan is a beautiful creature and someone to blame everything on.” Other famous writers are invoked such as H.G. Wells, J.R.R. Tolkien, and G.K. Chesterton who Freud quips that, “He spoke badly of me so his intellect is questionable.” Throughout the discussions, no matter which pro-God quotes are invoked, Freud steadfastly contends that the concept of religion is ludicrous and the belief in God absurd. A radio broadcast interrupts their discussion. Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain talks about wanting an agreement between Britain and Hitler. Freud's reaction: “History is full of monsters but somehow we survive.” They discuss morality. Lewis: “Moral conscience is something we are born with.” As you would expect in the presence of Freud, soon the discourse became more personal. He reveals that although he came from an Orthodox Jewish family, he was actually raised by a Catholic nanny. Lewis reveals that his mother died when he was nine and that he thought of his dad as a tyrant and Freud confesses that he despised his father. So, the banter continues and one comment by Lewis causes Freud to say with his dry sense of humor, “You might just have made a point. Your first.” To break up the constant flow of dialogue, the director incorporated off-stage action such as a siren warning of an imminent attack, a few phone calls from Freud's daughter Anna, and a radio speech by King George VI declaring there will be no peace negotiations with Hitler.
It would be impossible to find fault with the riveting performances by these two highly skilled actors as well as the spot-on direction. What is missing is real dramatic conflict. The only very dramatic, albeit kind of stomach turning moment, is when Freud has a bad coughing attack. However, I appreciated the refreshingly clever dialogue and although we may have heard these arguments before, we may not have heard them couched so eloquently.
Whether you're a believer in the existence of God, an agnostic, or a pragmatic scientist, your specific point of view will be touched upon in this spirited debate between two highly intelligent people, each of who is deeply entrenched in
his unwavering personal beliefs. However, even if it lacks the overriding dramatic conflict required to be a play, it is refreshing to hear the English language spoken in all of its eloquent splendor.
In saying goodbye to each other, Freud said, “May we meet again” to which Lewis replied: “God willing.” As a footnote, Freud took his life two weeks after England entered World War II, but his legacy is everlasting.
“Freud's Last Session”
Odyssey Theatre Ensemble
2055 S. Sepulveda Blvd
Los Angeles, CA 90025.
Run:
Wednesday: 8:00 p.m. (Feb. 21 only)
Thursdays: 8:00 p.m. (Feb. 8 & March 1 only)
Fridays & Saturdays: 8:00 p.m.
Sundays: 2:00 p.m.
Closing: Thursday, March 4, 2018
Tickets: $46-$82
310.477.2055 ext. 2 or www.OdysseyTheatre.com
(Call box office for further information on discussion nights.)
(Discounted tickets available for seniors, students and patrons under 30.)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Critics say DuPont has spent too little on testing Ohio and West Virginia residents for contamination from a chemical used to make Teflon, while paying millions to a lawyer overseeing the testing program.
The Columbus Dispatch (http://bit.ly/2oik01H ) reports DuPont spent about $860,000 on testing for contamination from the chemical used to make Teflon.
A court filing this month revealed the lawyer who oversees the medical testing program was paid nearly $15 million.
Cincinnati attorney Robert Bilott filed a class-action lawsuit against DuPont alleging the company released C8-tainted water into the Ohio River. The company settled in 2004 and agreed to pay 70,000 residents to have their blood tested for C8.
About 2,020 people have been tested. Bilott says the company has more than enough funds to cover the program's cost.
Paris: Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova are both back in action at the French Open on Thursday looking to reach the third round, while Rafael Nadal continues his bid for an 11th title.
Here are three matches to watch at Roland Garros on Thursday:
Serena Williams (USA) v Ashleigh Barty (AUS x17)
Having previously not played a Grand Slam match since the 2017 Australian Open final, Williams will step out on court at the French Open for the third straight day when she faces Australian Barty on Court Philippe Chatrier.
The 23-time major champion grabbed headlines as much for her attire as for her play as she beat Kristyna Pliskova in the first round on Monday, before donning the eye-catching catsuit again the following day in a doubles victory alongside older sister Venus.
World No 17 Barty reached the semi-finals in Nuremberg last week, but her season has been unspectacular and a fully fit Serena would expect to win comfortably. But the former world number one has only played five singles matches since giving birth to her daughter and may need to move up a gear from her victory over the 70th-ranked Pliskova.
Rafael Nadal (ESP x1) v Guido Pella (ARG)
Nadal's search for a stunning 11th title will continue with a rare appearance on Court Suzanne Lenglen against Argentinian Guido Pella. The top seed struggled at times against Italian lucky loser Simone Bolelli in the first round – saving four set points to avoid dropping a set at Roland Garros for the first time since 2015.
The great Spaniard has only ever played world number 78 and his fellow left-hander Pella once, winning 6-3, 6-2 at Indian Wells last year.
Nadal brushed off any thoughts that he could become complacent on clay, saying: "Not gonna happen, and there is a proof that that's never happened, that I won 10 times here, 11 Monte-Carlo, 11 Barcelona, eight Romes.
"Was able to do all these results because I respect the sport, I respect every opponent, and I respect the competition every day."
Maria Sharapova (RUS x28) v Donna Vekic (CRO)
Two-time champion Sharapova had to dig very deep to edge out little-known qualifier Richel Hogenkamp in the third set in the first round, and will need to improve against dangerous 21-year-old Croatian Donna Vekic to extend her first French Open campaign since 2015.
Sharapova and Serena are only two wins each away from possibly facing off in a heavyweight fourth-round showdown, although the Russian may have to get past sixth seed Karolina Pliskova in the last 32.
The 31-year-old Sharapova, seeded 28, has never faced the 50th-ranked Vekic before.
The 2017 preseason for the University of Utah volleyball team doesn't get underway until the end of August when the Utes play three tournaments that lead into September, but the Utes have already begun to make a name for themselves. Ranked No.11 by PrepVolleyball.com, the 2017 incoming class has received its highest recruiting class ranking in over 10 years.
“I think being the highest ranked class … it shows that a lot of experienced girls are coming in,” said senior Adora Anae. “They have connections with our assistant coach and his club and where he previously coached before our team. He knows them well and he has had a lot of good things to say about them, so I think they are going to bring a spark this year and bring a lot to this team.”
Eight players were added to the roster for the upcoming season. Among the new Utes are seven freshmen and a junior college transfer. Anae believes this new class will help shape the team by backing each other up and deepening the bench.
When Anae was a freshman, her class wasn't ranked, but despite that, Anae feels every year since she has been a student-athlete at Utah, each class always has a great group of players.
“We were a dominant group when my class came in,” Anae said. “We came in, worked hard, got some playing time and contributed to the season, so I think this new group is going to do the same with a lot of the seniors this year, so I'm super excited.”
One of the many new faces to join the Utes is Dani Barton, a multisport athlete from Sandy, Utah. In high school, Barton played basketball and volleyball, but she knew one day she would have to choose one over the other to pursue.
“Volleyball has always been my favorite sport,” Barton said. “I love basketball, but to me I feel like volleyball is mentally a tougher game. It challenges me more, and I think that's why I like it more and why I chose it.”
The Utah bloodline runs deep in the Barton family. Her mom played for Utah volleyball head coach Beth Launiere in her senior year of college, and her dad played football and baseball for the school. Barton also has two brothers, Jackson and Cody, who are on the Utah football team. Ever since she was little, she always said one day she was going to be a Ute and now her dreams are coming true. Barton believes the incoming class has a lot of potential.
“It's a really solid incoming class, so I think we are going to help this team a lot in any way,” Barton said. “We still don't know who's going to be doing what, but everyone is super talented coming in so it's going to be really interesting to see how lineups end up looking.”
e.white@dailyutahchronicle.com
@emileewhiteee
Slack Technologies Inc, a corporate messaging and collaboration software startup, has received inquiries about a potential takeover from technology companies including Amazon.com Inc, Bloomberg reported on Thursday.
REUTERS - Slack Technologies Inc, a corporate messaging and collaboration software startup, has received inquiries about a potential takeover from technology companies including Amazon.com Inc, Bloomberg reported on Thursday.
A deal could value the company at at least US$9 billion, Bloomberg reported citing people with knowledge of the matter.
Slack is a platform where employees can send messages, collaborate, organize and share files. The technology also integrates with a wide variety of business software - such as Salesforce.com Inc and Microsoft Corp's Skype - so employees can do all their work within Slack.
San Francisco-based Slack has raised more than US$500 million from venture capitalists and was valued at US$3.8 billion at its last private financing round a year ago.
Both, Amazon and Slack were not immediately available to comment outside of regular U.S. business hours.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
UP to 5,000 England fans were last night rushing to Russia for a "once-in-a-lifetime" chance to see the Three Lions play in the action end of a World Cup. Travel agents reported a run on flights and hotels as supporters scrambled to Samara for Saturday's quarter-final showdown with Sweden.
GETTY IT'S COMING HOME: A once-in-a-generation opportunity to see the team reach the semis
British Airways is laying on bigger planes to cater for fans desperate to see the Three Lions in action following their nerve-shredding last 16 penalty shootout victory over Colombia. Many believe it may be a once-in-a-generation opportunity to see the team reach a World Cup semi-final. The last time it happened was 28 years ago. A spokesman for travel advice agency ABTA said: “England's wins are contributing to a rise in bookings with our members.”
GETTY HISTORIC: England made history against Colombia in penalty shoot out
England News: Eric Dier, Jordan Henderson and co pictured recovering after Colombia win ENGLAND stars were pictured unwinding today after their heroic penalty shoot-out victory against Colombia last night. 1 / 8 FA/REX/Shutterstock Jordan Henderson (left) and Eric Dier
FA supporters' club members are snapping up the Football Association's allocation of 3,000 tickets for Saturday's game. Fifa.com is expected to put last-minute £134 seats on sale. Black market tickets are being flogged by touts outside stadiums though organisers say anyone caught with one will be turned away. Fans planning to make the trip face a hat-trick of price hikes which could force them to stay home. Airlines and hotels have raised prices for the trip.
“fans who purchase tickets from other sources put themselves at significant risk of missing out on the World Cup” Fifa spokesman While online ticket touts are selling seats for up to eight times their face value. Normally visitors flying to the Russian city can expect to pay as little as £405 return. But fans logging on to book a seat to get them to Samara for the match face forking out more than £2,000. Hotel bosses have also ramped up prices despite Russian trading standards bosses beginning legal action against some owners. Last night a bed in the Russian Hunting Complex hotel was £276-a-night for the weekend of the clash with Sweden. It usually costs just £54.
The Cherry Hostel – which usually charges a tenner a night for two people sleeping in a dormitory – now wants £126. Secondary selling site Ticketcombo was yesterday flogging seats for the match for up to £406. Viagogo – which is facing a Fifa lawsuit for reselling tickets without permission – had seats for £405. Facebook and Twitter touts were trading seats for nearly 1,000 – eight times the face value of the cheapest £126 tickets.
Samara Arena: England vs Sweden World Cup 2018 quarter-final venue in pictures SAMARA ARENA: Check out the World Cup 2018 venue that will host England vs Sweden on Saturday. 1 / 14 GETTY
GETTY WORTH IT: Tickets to see the Three-Lions are going for eight times their face value
It's been exactly a year since The Washington Post delivered one of the most shocking October surprises to date: the Access Hollywood tape revealing then–presidential candidate Donald Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women in 2005. Trump's exact words—"Grab them by the pussy.… You can do anything."—will likely be forever etched into the American consciousness.
But as a timely reminder to the country that this same man now occupies the White House, women's rights group UltraViolet will be playing the video on loop from 9 A.M. to 9 P.M. on Constitution Avenue in Washington, D.C.
“It was not so-called ‘locker-room talk'; it was a man bragging about sexually assaulting women,” Ultraviolet cofounder Shaunna Thomas told The Hill . “That man may now sit in the Oval Office, but we will not let him—or anyone else—forget the tape or those comments.”
Trump had dismissed the remarks as “locker-room talk” or “banter” multiple times, first in an official statement from his campaign (which has since been removed from the site ), and later during his debate with Hillary Clinton. Though, for many reasons , it was a poor excuse at the time, Trump's apology became all the more meaningless when nearly a dozen women came forward with sexual assault allegations against him.
Trump's so-called “locker-room talk” hadn't just been talk—according to these women's traumatic accounts; it had been action too.
Thomas said there's a clear connection between Trump's history as an alleged sexual abuser and his administration's treatment of women. During his nine months in office, the Trump administration has diligently chipped away at women's rights , championing health care legislation that would doom women's reproductive health, giving states the go-ahead to withhold funds from abortion clinics and nixing protections for women in the workplace.
And just Friday morning, on the anniversary of his pussy-grabbing comments, the Trump administration announced it would weaken the Affordable Care Act's mandate that employers provide birth control coverage for its employees.
Thomas isn't surprised.
“The Donald Trump on that tape is the same Donald Trump that sits in the Oval Office every day, aggressively pursuing an antiwoman agenda,” Thomas said, “including the active dismantling of legal protections for survivors of sexual assault.”
ATLANTA (CNN) – An antibiotic-resistant infection that started at a pet store is spreading to even more humans.
The outbreak of campylobacteriosis was traced back to puppies sold through the Petland chain starting back in 2015.
Now 55 people in 12 states are sick. States with confirmed cases are Florida, Kansas, Maryland, Missouri, New Hampshire, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Utah, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
According to the CDC, the infection can cause diarrhea, abdominal pain and fever for up to a week.
While some strands are drug resistant, most patients can recover on their own.
The CDC says if you think you may be at risk, contact your doctor immediately.
Follow these steps to prevent the spreading of disease between people and puppies and dogs:
Wash your hands thoroughly with running water and soap for at least 20 seconds every time you touch dogs, their food, or clean up after them. Adults should supervise handwashing for young children. If soap and water are not readily available, use hand sanitizer until you are able to wash your hands with soap and water.
Pick up and dispose of dog poop, especially in areas where children might play. Use disposable gloves and wash your hands thoroughly afterward.
Clean up any pee (urine), poop (stool), or vomit in the house immediately, and disinfect the area. Use disposable gloves to handle anything that has touched pee, poop, or vomit, and wash your hands thoroughly afterward.
Take your dog to the veterinarian regularly to keep it healthy and to help prevent the spread of disease.
Don't let pets lick around your mouth and face.
Don't let pets lick your open wound or areas with broken skin.
Petland is cooperating with the CDC's investigation.
Learn more about the CDC's investigation.
For allegedly beating his wife to death over a N200 gift, Henry Anaele was, on Wednesday, remanded in prison for the next 30 days by an Ebute Meta Chief Magistrates' Court.
The Chief Magistrate, Mr. O.O. Olatunji, said the accused should be remanded at the Ikoyi Prisons pending advice from the State Director of Public prosecutions.
Anaele, 40, whose plea was not taken, had appeared on a charge for murder.
Earlier, Inspector Cousin Adams told the court that the accused committed the offence on June 15, at about 11.45 p.m, at No. 72, Goodness Estate, Satellite Town, Lagos.
Adams said that the accused had found out that someone gave his wife, Chinyere, 35, the sum of N200, which did not go down well with him.
“This angered the accused who beat his wife to death for collecting the money,'' he said.
The offence contravened Section 223 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015 which prescribes a death sentence for offenders.
The magistrate adjourned the case until August 6.
At the June 22 board meeting, the San Dieguito Union High School District (SDUHSD) board celebrated its four high school foundations and another successful year of fundraising to support all students.
“We can't say thank you enough,” said SDUHSD Vice President Mo Muir.
In his last meeting as superintendent, Eric Dill said there are many things that the district would be unable to provide without the parent community providing those opportunities for students. When parents give, Dill said, they are donating for the experience of all students in the school.
“Our decisions are based on an understanding of the goals and the priorities of our school and that the programs we support will have the biggest impact on the most number of students,” said Leslie Saldana, executive director of San Dieguito High School Academy Foundation.
Saldana said it was a “terrific” year for the SDA Foundation, bringing in $750,000 and exceeding revenue goals by 25 percent. She said the average donation was about $270 from approximately 1,000 donors, but the most significant contribution was the “time, talent and treasure” of the San Dieguito parent volunteers and community enriching every student's SDA experience.
“The fingerprints of the foundation are all over our campus,” Saldana said, noting they supported 20 athletic teams, parent forums on issues, senior scholarships and held a Grad Nite on campus designed and coordinated by over 200 parent volunteers.
The foundation supported an on-campus writing lab staffed by a San Dieguito alum that reached over 400 students; counseling support and career and college services, including a career fair with mock interviews; and a visual and performing arts artist in residence program.
The school has also received support from local government, corporate partners, booster groups and loyal alumni.
“As an alumna, parent of alumni and executive director, I've always maintained that San Dieguito is a special place. The work the SDA Foundation does in support of all students is both humbling and meaningful and I'm proud to be able to share our success,” Saldana said. “I'm grateful for the tireless hours of our volunteers, the generosity of our donors and the collaboration with the district and our community.”
Courtesy The LCC Foundation supported Art Night at the school. The LCC Foundation supported Art Night at the school. (Courtesy)
Although not present at the meeting, Dale Jaggers, executive director of the La Costa Canyon High School Foundation, said 2017-18 was a record year of support from the generous Maverick community.
“Because of that support, we have been able to grant more money to our teachers, classrooms and students than we ever have before,” wrote Jaggers in a message to families.
The LCC Foundation provided over $100,000 to the school for crucial supplies, curriculum and needs balanced across all academic areas on campus. Contributions included $30,000 toward STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) programs; $29,000 on studio arts which includes art classes, culinary arts, shaping, video-film and fashion; and $11,500 toward performing arts of theater and music.
The foundation supported wellness assemblies and speaker series, special education and $18,500 in support of humanities programs of English, social science and languages.
“None of this even includes the generous donations for individual sports and club programs which the Foundation also manages to help every one of our athletic teams excel,” wrote Jaggers. “I cannot extend my thanks enough to all of those that have played a role in this process. As a community, we have made a huge impact on our school.”
In the southern portion of the district, the Canyon Crest Academy Foundation had a record year of $1.9 million and Torrey Pines High School Foundation also brought in $1.9 million.
At the June 21 board meeting, SDUHSD Trustee Amy Herman said while the financial support is important, all of the volunteer time that the foundation provides is even more so.
“As you know, we're not a very well-funded school district. We get along with a lot less money than many other school districts in the state,” board member Joyce Dalessandro said. “It's just phenomenal that we have those things because of the foundations and all of the hard work of parents and executive directors who do such an incredible job of keeping it going.”
Down to earth
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By: Jullie Y. Daza
AS chairman of two Senate committees, food and agriculture and the environment, Senator Cynthia Villar practically holds the world in her hands.
Food, the environment (in transcendent terms, the planet), climate and climate change – around these down-to-earth themes humanity thrives and survives, or perishes by choice and chance. It may be early in the day, but when she sat down with Bulong Pulungan, the question had to be asked, “Are you or Manny planning on a run for City Hall in 2019?”
Senator Cynthia, like her husband, the former Senate president and presidential candidate, has been denying the rumors. When I bumped into Manny at the whimsically designed Evia Lifestyle Center, he said, “Not true.” Last Tuesday, Cynthia's account was much more detailed, that it was purely a coincidence that her husband recently bought an old house in Tondo, it was not his aim to establish residency as a Manileño. On the Villars' Christmas gift-giving in the Baseco compound, where half of 10,000 families have no toilets, she sighed, “But we do that every year!”
Push came to shove, I would go further and suggest that Malacañang, not City Hall, be Cynthia's goal – if the Philippines were ready for another lady president. Packed into that slight, petite frame is a dynamo of energy – mental, physical, legislative, entrepreneurial, find-a-way-practical, put together like a well-coordinated ensemble – that takes her everywhere doing everything she sets out to do with enthusiasm and that awfully overused word, passion. (I haven't heard her using that word on herself, thank you.)
Listen to her argue why “closing” (reclaiming) Manila Bay will send floods rising to 8 meters; why coconut farmers should switch to a new variety of nuts with a yield of 150 a day instead of 40; why we'll run out of food unless we feed and educate our farmers; why the Las Piñas-Parañaque wetland park will be the next big thing in tourism with 84 species of birds in the air, cruises up and down the river, and restaurants, a DENR hub, amenities on the ground.
This park is unique and it's ours by right, in the middle of the urban jungle.
Related
comments
There were two split-second plays at the plate last year against Louisiana State, neither of which went in UCLA's favor. There was the four-run lead the Bruins lost during an elimination game in 2016 against Florida State. Most painfully, there was the bases-loaded walk in the 10th inning against Auburn in 2015 that ended UCLA's season.
A post shared by Brigitte Nielsen (@realbrigittenielsen) on May 27, 2018 at 1:03pm PDT
Brigitte Nielsen is ready to give motherhood another shot.
The Danish actress, 54, revealed she was expecting her fifth child on Instagram earlier this week.
“family getting larger [heart emoji],” she wrote alongside a photo showing off her rather sizable baby bump.
After getting her start as a model at the beginning of the ‘80s, Nielsen starred in the fantasy film “Red Sonja” in 1985, which co-starred Arnold Schwarzenegger. That year she also appeared in “Rocky IV” with then-husband Sylvester Stallone, who she also starred alongside in “Cobra” the next year.
Nielsen, who's been married five times, already has four sons, ranging in age from 23 to 34.
A rep for the actress did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
A post shared by Brigitte Nielsen (@realbrigittenielsen) on May 30, 2018 at 10:07am PDT
Dear Editor,
Friends of the Cutler Memorial Library thanks all those local businesses who contributed plants and other garden-related merchandise to our recent Plant and Book Sale: Cate Farm, East Hill Tree Farm, Hannaford's, Littlewood Farm, Montpelier Agway, Peak Hydroponics, Plainfield Hardware, Price Chopper, Shaw's, and Walmart. A special “shout out” to Single Gate Farm and to Jacqueline Soule, who each donated a door prize.
Thanks also to all the community members who shared plants from their gardens with us, and to all those who attended the event. You all helped us raise nearly $1500 to support the activities of the Cutler Memorial Library!
Laura Zeisel
Plainfield
Dawn Sikes Bain, age 78, passed away Monday, April 17, at Evans Memorial Hospital. The Evans County native had lived in North Florida for many years, moving back to Claxton 10 years ago. She was a retired LPN and of the Baptist Faith. In her spare time, she loved to read and crochet.
She was preceded in death by her parents, Frank and Juanita “Pete” Sikes; siblings, Jimmy Sikes and Mary Rogers.
She is survived by her children, Stephanie MacDonald of Mississippi, Stephen (Shirley) Jones of Atlanta, Frank (Andrea) Jones of Milledgeville, Adam (Laurie) Jones of Florida, Matthew Burkhalter of Florida, Michael (Tammie) Eason of Claxton; brothers, Charles Sikes of Blackshear, Tommy Sikes of Hortense, Donald Sikes of Fitzgerald; several grandchildren, great-grandchildren, numerous nieces, nephews and other relatives.
Family will receive friends beginning at 1 p.m., Wednesday, April 19, with funeral services to follow at 2 p.m. from the Chapel of Low Country Cremation and Burial with Brother James Bradley officiating. Burial will be private.
Low Country Cremation and Burial is serving the Bain family.
Comments
comments
Do you like fat juicy dividends? Me too. But it's important to look beyond the headline yield — a 4% dividend this year that's progressive will serve you better than a 6% one that's not sustainable. With that in mind, here are three big yields that I wouldn't touch.
Retail woes
Debenhams (LSE: DEB) is expected to deliver a 6% dividend yield this year. But what if I told you that the predicted 3.4p per share is exactly the same as it was in 2013, and that back then it yielded just 3.2%?
Yes, the share price has slumped as earnings have been falling — from around 120p in late 2012, the price today stands at just 55p. From an EPS figure of 9.8p in 2012, forecasts suggest only 6.7p this year and 6.2p next (for falls of 14% and 9% respectively), and dividend cover will have dropped from three times to a mere 1.8 times by August 2018 if those prognostications prove accurate.
Debenhams' 2016 results showed a 0.7% rise in revenue, but a falling gross margin led to a 2.2% fall in underlying EBITDA. Debt was reduced to £279m, but with a net debt/EBITDA ratio of 1.2 times, the company is still some way from its target of 0.5 times.
With more tough retail years ahead, I reckon Debenhams needs to cut its dividend — and investors should not rely on it.
Transport troubles
Rail and bus operator Stagecoach (LSE: SGC) has been pursuing a progressive dividend policy for years — from a 7.8p payment which yielded 3.1% in 2012, to a forecast 11.9p this year for 5.5% and on to 6% by 2019. The rises have been nicely beating inflation, but at the same time earnings have been stagnating and forecasts suggest three years of disappointing falls.
The share price has crashed in line, from 420p in summer 2015 to 216p, and that's dropped the forward P/E to the 9-10 range and it has admittedly made the dividend look more attractive. But it's no good if it's not sustainable.
December's interims showed a 17% fall in adjusted pre-tax profit and a 15% drop in adjusted EPS, while capital expenditure is rising as the company invests in new vehicles and technology. Stagecoach did say it is continuing with its progressive dividend policy, but added that it “will continue to regularly review its financial strategy and capital structure“.
With possible dividend pressure to come, I wouldn't buy.
Eating out?
My third bargepole share for today is Restaurant Group (LSE:RTN), with its mooted dividend yields of around 5.3%. Earnings were rising up until 2015, but talk of coming challenges at results time in March gave the already-falling shares a hit — from levels close to 700p in December 2015, the price has plunged to 309p today.
Analysts have an EPS fall of 14% penciled-in for the year just ended, followed by a further 21% for 2017. There's also a pause in dividend rises expected, which would drop cover this year to only 1.4 times. I think that's getting a bit thin, and I'll be looking for comments regarding dividends on 8 March when 2016 results are due.
Restaurant Group, which runs chains including Frankie & Benny's and Gafunkel's, is in a low-ish margin high-volume business, and it could be hit by reined-in discretionary spending over the next few years — we're already seeing Brexit-driven inflation rising.
No, I wouldn't buy any of these three for their dividends, not when there are better ones out there.
A top dividend share
There are great dividend prospects across the whole market, and the Motley Fool's expert stock-pickers are always sniffing out overlooked and unappreciated opportunities. And they want to share their findings with you. Their unmissable report, A Top Income Share From The Motley Fool, identifies a company that they believe has its best days ahead of it, but which has already been ramping up its dividend. If you want to know which company they're talking about, click here now for your own personal copy of the report, which won't cost you a penny.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
PFT PM
Get ready, @PFTPMPosse. Tuesday's show has three first-round prospects.
If you listen to the show, you'll hear interviews with former N.C. State defensive end Bradley Chubb, former UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen, and former Alabama receiver Calvin Ridley. Which means you'll hear much less of me babbling about whatever nonsense I otherwise babble about.
There will still be some babbling from me, about any news of the day and ultimately the best of your questions.
To make sure you get the new #PFTPM as soon as it debuts, subscribe here. While you're at it, rate and review the podcast, primarily since those are the things that influence the convoluted algorithm that determines whether and to what extent a podcast is deemed to be successful, or not.
Success is the goal, because success leads to money, respect, a bigger audience, and more money. Ultimately, it's about the money.
You'd prefer I lie to you and say it's not about the money? OK, it's not about the money.
It's about the money.
That is the view of Chelea legend and Champions League pundit Frank Lampard.
The Reds face their Italian opponents tonight in the semi-final first leg at Anfield.
Roma are the surprise package in this season's Champions League, having dumped out Barcelona in the quarter-finals.
But Jurgen Klopp's side equally impressively knocked out Premier League champions Manchester City.
Liverpool's 3-0 home triumph in the first leg proved too much for City to overturn, as the Reds then went on to win 2-1 at the Etihad.
The Reds are on the hunt for a new goalkeeper after their number 1 Lorius Karius' horror performance in the Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid.
Brazil international Alisson is at the top of Jurgen Klopp's wish-list.
The Guardian report Liverpool have contacted Roma over his availability and have been told they will have to fork out £79m.
But it might not be all that bad for the Reds.
Roma are currently being monitored by Financial Fair Play regulators and have to prove they have broken-even by June 30.
A big help in attaining that goal is the money they will receive from reaching the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Your notification habits are terrible.
When left unchecked, phones are horrible distraction machines. Every vibration or ding must be checked and addressed, either by dismissal or by response, as soon as it happens. Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Email, and your three favorite games are desperately trying to grab your attention as frequently as possible because the people building those apps know you can't help but check your phone as soon as the notification comes in. We're even using notifications occasionally in the Android Central app now, because it works every single time.
Some of the people who knew how terrible notifications are tried to move those them and their corresponding apps to your wrist, but instead of creating a fix the problem got worse and more expensive. Now the popular opinion is smartwatches are dying because they were never really useful, but as much as watch software needs to be fixed, your horrible notification habits need to change as well.
Every time you stop and check your phone, everything around you stops. You can't help it.
Every time you halt and check your phone, everything around you stops. You can't help it. Most of the time you don't even realize you're doing it. A bunch of you are reading this right now thinking, "No way, not me," but yes, I absolutely am talking to you. I first noticed it when I started wearing Google Glass in public. I was terrified of disrupting a conversation by having a notification show up on the lens, so I would mute my phone and pay full attention to the conversations around me. I started noticing everyone around me, from my friends coming over for a movie to coffee out with my Mom, couldn't help themselves. Everyone checks their phone all the time, usually for nothing, and that phone check has become so common that we don't even notice how it interrupts the world around us.
Smartwatches were supposed to help this. Glancing down at your wrist is a faster, more casual interruption that keeps you in the moment, at least that's what Google said when announcing Android Wear. If you could quickly triage an email from your wrist, you didn't need to stop and unlock your phone to see the whole message and act right that second. It's a great theory, but it only works when you aren't getting notifications every couple of minutes and even then it's only when you aren't compelled to stop and reply to the message.
Google saw more people wanting to stop and reply to messages, and now instead of curbing the notification behavior there's a virtual keyboard in Android Wear. Google's vision for helping you curb notification behaviors now includes a way to stop in the middle of the sidewalk to more accurately type on a screen a quarter the size of the phone the watch is supposed to be stopping you from constantly checking. Things have clearly gone wrong.
But that doesn't mean smartwatches are dead, and it doesn't mean there's no way to fix what is happening right now with smartwatches. Some of this is on Google and their partners. Manufacturers need to decide if they are selling us notification dumpsters or fitness accessories, and realizing that both is probably a bad plan. Samsung has the right idea with the Gear Fit and the Gear S3, focused at entirely different kinds of users. We're already seeing prices for smartwatches come down thanks to the ASUS ZenWatch 3, and with more hardware coming later this year price is likely to continue being an important topic. Focusing on the watch parts and not the fitness parts is hopefully a great step forward.
Lots of interesting things happen when you aren't constantly badgered by notifications.
Some of this is on the users though, and that's important. Every app we install is set by default to blast notifications at us whenever the app creator sees fit, but there are tools to fix that. Google has offered notification controls for a while now, but the most important one came with Android Nougat.
Some apps should have notifications fully blocked if you aren't ever going to care, but there's an alternative. Show silently makes it possible for your notifications to hit your screen without a tone or vibration, and it makes a significant difference in how you use your phone. With this enabled, you can wake your phone and see all of your notifications, but it happens on your terms. Try setting your important notifications to buzz or sing at you, but silence everything else. It makes a huge difference over time.
Lots of interesting things happen when you aren't constantly badgered by notifications. Your batteries last longer, your focus improves, and having a smartwatch becomes a far less ridiculous experience because you're not inclined to tap your wrist every few minutes. I think this year could be great for smartwatches, but it's going to have a lot to with how we all think about what that wrist computer is for. Constant notifications shouldn't have ever been the answer in the first place.
TOKYO: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to a controversial shrine to war dead on Tuesday, the anniversary of Japan's World War Two surrender, but did not visit in person in an apparent effort to avoid increasing regional tensions.
Masahiko Shibayama, a lawmaker who made the offering on Abe's behalf, said he did so to express condolences for those who died in the war and to pray for peace. He added that Abe said he was sorry he could not visit the Yasukuni shrine.
Past visits by Japanese leaders to Yasukuni have outraged Beijing and Seoul because it honours 14 Japanese leaders convicted by an Allied tribunal as war criminals, along with other war dead. Abe himself has only visited once since becoming prime minister again in 2012.
Maintaining harmony with China and Seoul is now more important than every amid heightened tensions in Asia in the wake of North Korean missile tests, threats from Pyongyang to strike the area around the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam and U.S. President Donald Trump warning of retaliation.
"After the war, our country has consistently taken steps as a country that abhors war and treasures peace, and has made efforts to promote the peace and prosperity of the world," Abe said at a national ceremony to honour war dead on Tuesday.
"We intend to keep this immovable policy firmly, throughout the ages, while facing history with humility."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Abe visited the Yasukuni shrine in 2013, an action that prompted criticism from key ally the United States as well as from Asian nations, but has sent offerings on August 15 and during Yasukuni's twice yearly festivals.
Dozens of Japanese lawmakers visited the shrine along with scores of ordinary Japanese, a move prompting a protest from media in China, which with South Korea views the shrine as a symbol of Japan's past militarism.
The official People's Liberation Army Daily wrote in a commentary on Tuesday that the anniversary should be a time for Japan to reflect on its history, not to "go further down the forked road of harming Sino-Japanese ties and regional peace and stability".
Tensions in the region weighed on the minds of many who visited the shrine.
"I am furious about the threat from North Korea," said Katsuhiko Ikeda, 78.
"North Korea's missile threat towards Guam means anything would pass by Japan, and if anything happened, it could affect us."
(Additional reporting by Kiyoshi Takenaka and Linda Sieg in TOKYO and Ben Blanchard in BEIJING, writing by Elaine Lies; Editing by Michael Perry and Linda Sieg)
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, he added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” he said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” he added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, he said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Facebook Inc's WhatsApp messenger has told India that curbing the spread of false messages through its platform is a challenge that required a partnership between the tech firm, civil society and the government.
MUMBAI: Facebook Inc's WhatsApp messenger service has responded to a call from India's technology ministry to curb the spread of false information on its platform, saying such a task required a partnership between the pair as well as with society in general.
India is WhatsApp's biggest market with over 200 million users. But false information on its app this year has contributed toward the triggering of mass beatings of more than a dozen people, at least three of whom have died.
Advertisement
On Sunday, five more people were lynched in Maharashtra on suspicion of being child abductors.
The rise in such incidents prompted the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on Tuesday to ask WhatsApp to take immediate steps to prevent the circulation of false information and provocative content.
The ministry also said WhatsApp "cannot evade accountability and responsibility" when such services are abused by users to spread such misinformation.
"Like the Government of India, we're horrified by these terrible acts of violence and wanted to respond quickly to the very important issues you have raised," WhatsApp said in a letter to the ministry dated July 3 and reviewed by Reuters.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We believe that false news, misinformation and the spread of hoaxes are issues best tackled collectively: by government, civil society and technology companies working together."
The messaging service said it is giving users controls and information to help them stay safe, and that it plans to run long-term public safety advertising campaigns.
"As a starting point, we will soon publish new educational materials around misinformation and conduct our news literacy workshops," WhatsApp said.
The firm has recently added a feature to its app preventing users from re-adding former members of messaging groups, and has enabled group administrators to decide who can send messages. It is also testing the labelling of forwarded messages.
(Reporting by Sankalp PhartiyalEditing by Christopher Cushing)
By Tom McCarthy / The Guardian
The gunman who killed 58 people and wounded 527 in Las Vegas on Sunday night qualified as a “super-owner” — one of the estimated 7.7 million Americans who own between eight and 140 guns.
Little is yet known about Stephen Paddock and his motives, but the apparent ease with which he acquired his arsenal — 42 guns and thousands of rounds of ammunition, according to police — has renewed the urgency of a perennial question: Why can't the US effect sensible gun control?
Look at Australia, which enacted a ban and mandatory buyback of more than 600,000 long guns following a mass shooting in 1996, effectively ending the problem of mass shootings (already rare) and halving gun deaths.
Why can the US not do that?
From one angle, the answer is complicated. It involves the powerful gun lobby, political partisanship, the hundreds of millions of guns already in US civilian hands, the fact that mass shootings, while horrifying, represent only a sliver of US gun deaths and a national mythology attached to guns.
From another angle, the answer is simple. The US could adopt gun control — if the public felt strongly enough about it.
“If public opinion does not demand change in [US] Congress, it will not change,” then-US president Barack Obama said in June 2014.
A majority of US gun owners — 74 percent — say the right to own a gun is “essential” to their freedom, according to Pew Research, while only 44 percent believe that the ease with which people can legally obtain guns contributes at least a fair amount to gun violence.
The disagreements only expand from there.
In the wake of the most deadly mass shooting in the US, here are the key features of the gun control debate.
HOW OUTRAGE FIZZLES
Opponents of gun control feared new restrictions after the killing of 20 six and seven-year-olds at Sandy Hook elementary school in December 2012.
The national outrage was intense and legislators who previously were not interested in gun control measures suddenly were.
Two senators, Democrat Joe Manchin and Republican Pat Toomey, sponsored a bill that would have imposed universal background checks for commercial gun purchases, including at gun shows and over the Internet.
Eighty-four percent of Americans favor such a law.
However, after participating in initial negotiations over the bill, the National Rifle Association (NRA) came out in strong opposition and falsely claimed the bill would lead to a national gun registry.
Four Democrats defected, not enough Republicans came onboard and the legislation went down.
“The gun lobby and its allies willfully lied about the bill,” Obama said in a furious Rose Garden speech.
‘SUCCESSES' AT GUN CONTROL
The last major gun control legislation passed by the US Congress was the 1994 assault weapons ban, which had a 10-year sunset clause and was allowed to expire in 2004.
The ban is widely seen as having failed to make a dent in gun deaths in the US, where more than 30,000 people are killed with guns each year, including more than 20,000 suicides.
Rifles, including assault weapons, are used in only 3.55 percent of gun murders annually, according to FBI statistics.
While the national focus on gun control always intensifies after mass shootings, mass shootings account for only a small proportion of US gun deaths annually. Gun violence instead is concentrated in the nation's poorest, most racially segregated neighborhoods, with African-Americans, who represent 13 percent of the total population, making up more than half of overall gun murder victims.
SINGAPORE: A total of 1,108 private home units - excluding executive condominiums (ECs) - were sold last month on the back of more project launches, according to the latest figures from the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) on Tuesday (Aug 15).
The figure is a 35.1 per cent increase from the 820 units sold in June, which saw stronger-than-expected sales despite it being the school holiday period.
Including ECs, property developers sold 2,086 units in July, almost double of June's 1,064 units.
Of the sites launched, A Hundred Palms Residences - an EC in Yio Chu Kang - showed the strongest sales by selling all 531 units it launched in the same month. This was followed by Martin Modern in Martin Place, which sold 109 units, and The Santorini in Tampines, which sold 82 units.
Including ECs, developers launched 1,223 units in the last month, compared with just 159 units in June.
While Google already announced the developer preview for the next major Google update, some device owners are still waiting for the arrival of last year's Android 7.0 Nougat. We've probably already gotten used to the slow process when it comes to rolling out these major updates, but it will still be nice to know when they will actually happen. Folks over in Canada will be pleased to know that the update has started rolling out for the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+, for Telus and Bell subscribers that is.
It's always a long wait for the previous generation flagship devices since obviously, an OEM will prioritize the current devices for the update. Galaxy S7 users have had it for a while, and so now it's the 2015 flagships' turn. Although technically, the Galaxy Note 5 is the current Note flagship since the whole Galaxy Note 7 exploding brouhahas. But anyway, the important thing is that Telus and Bell subscribers with these devices will finally get their Nougat update.
With the update, they will get a new battery management page and an improved Doze feature. They will also have better multi-tasking options, which is actually an improvement to the previous Split Screen function. They will be able to preview effects on the Camera and also have updated keyboard and language predictions, as well as new emojis. For the Galaxy Note 5, users will be able to create GIFs and edit and markup PDFs using the S Pen.
If you haven't received a notification about an update yet, you can manually check it out by going to the About Device section. If it still isn't there, then you'd just have to be patient a little while longer.
SOURCE: Reddit
Night sky photography is a lot of fun, but it's also challenging. Provided you have the right equipment, it mostly comes down to tweaking your camera settings. And the “500 Rule” can help with that.
To take a decent photo of the sky at night, you need the right exposure settings, one of which is shutter speed. Your shutter might be open anywhere between 6 and 45 seconds to allow enough light in your shot. But if you leave the shutter open too long, your camera will detect the movement of the stars and your picture will come out blurry. These are also known as star trails. They can actually add a pretty cool effect if that's what you're going for, but if you're not, you'll need to adjust your speed.
Advertisement
Advertisement
That's where the “500 Rule” comes into play. According to the rule, the longest shutter speed you can use before your photo gets blurry is equal to 500 divided by your lens' focal length. If your focal length is 18mm, your maximum shutter speed is 27.8 seconds, (provided you're using a full-frame camera). It's basic math, but PhotographyLife has done the work for you. Here are the longest shutter speeds you can use for night photography, depending on your lens:
11mm: 45.5 seconds
12mm: 41.7 seconds
14mm: 35.7 seconds
16mm: 31.3 seconds
18mm: 27.8 seconds
20mm: 25 seconds
24mm: 20.8 seconds
28mm: 17.9 seconds
35mm: 14.3 seconds
50mm: 10 seconds
85mm: 5.9 seconds
As the site explains, some people now go by the 600 rule or the 400 rule. As cameras come with more pixels, they detect smaller star movements, so the numbers have to be adjusted accordingly. Like any rule of thumb, it gives you a ballpark idea of what you can get away with, but you'll definitely need to tweak your exposure settings anyway. For more tips, head to their full post at the link below.
What Makes a Good Night Photography Lens? | PhotographyLife
Sponsored
An Olympic skier and chair of WADA's Athletes Commission suggested last week that Russia be suspended from next year's Winter Olympics over doping violations, but the IOC and its own Athletes Commission have fired back, criticizing the skier's opinion.
Beckie Scott, an Olympic cross-country skier for Canada, is a member of the Athletes Comission for WADA, the World Anti-Doping Agency. She spoke to InsideTheGames last week about reports suggesting that the IOC (International Olympic Committee) would only fine Russia for allegations of a massive, institutionalized doping program. Those allegations come from the high-profile McLaren Reports (here and here) from last year.
Scott said a fine would be “a superficial gesture,” according to InsideTheGames, which said Scott also “called for a stronger punishment such as a suspension from next year's Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang.”
But this weekend, the International Olympic Committee and its own Athletes Commission released its own statement, criticizing Scott's remarks as “inappropriate at this time.” The full IOC statement is below:
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) Athletes' Commission and members of WADA Athlete Committee response to the recent WADA Athlete Committee's Statement and comments made in the media. In regard to potential IOC actions related to the Russian anti-doping investigation and further subsequent actions ahead of the Olympic Winter Games, PyeongChang 2018:
“As IOC Athletes' Commission and members of the WADA Athlete Committee, we are completely focused on supporting clean athletes on and off the field of play. As athletes we know nothing is more important than the integrity of competition and we trust and expect that IOC, WADA, and all parties involved will take strong actions once the facts are clear. “While we all want a swift resolution for athletes, we believe the comments made by the chair of WADAs Athlete Committee are inappropriate at this time. We do not wish to speculate, and we hope that other Athletes' Commissions will refrain from comment until the full facts of the case emerge and the investigations are completed. We believe speculations about possible outcomes without knowing the result of the work of the two IOC Commissions is creating confusion to athletes. Therefore, we are all urgently awaiting the two IOC Commissions to complete their work ahead of the upcoming winter season so that athletes are accurately informed about the facts, the actual situation and resulting decisions, ultimately leading to cleaner sport for all.”
SINGAPORE: Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam will be making a trip to Washington, DC, from Apr 18 to 23, where he will meet the heads of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
The Prime Minister's Office said in a press release on Tuesday (Apr 18) that Mr Tharman will also be meeting with top US officials and heads of other multilateral development institutions.
The Coordinating Minister for Economic and Social Policies will also speak at the Bretton Woods Committee Annual Meeting, chair a Group of Thirty Occasional Lectures and participate in meetings of the International Monetary and Financial Committee, the press release said.
Mr Tharman will be accompanied by officials from the PMO and the Monetary Authority of Singapore, it added.
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a "proper investigation" following the Grenfell Tower fire, saying that if any lessons are to be learned they will be, and "action will be taken".
Twelve people were killed and many more were feared dead after flames tore through the block of flats in west London in the early hours of Wednesday.
Hundreds of firefighters tackled the blaze, rescuing 65 people, but more than 70 have been left in hospital, with 18 in critical care.
Mrs May paid tribute to the efforts of the emergency services and said support should be given to the hundreds affected by the fire.
Speaking from Downing Street she said: "There are people tonight who have no home to go to, they have lost absolutely everything, so our focus must be on support to them.
"In due course, when the scene is secure, when it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Earlier on Wednesday, Police and Fire Minister Nick Hurd chaired a meeting of the Civil Contingencies Secretariat to co-ordinate the response to the disaster, and the Government said it was ready to assist "as necessary".
Mrs May said it was "impossible to comprehend the horror" of what the victims of the fire have gone through.
The tragedy comes little more than a week after Londoners stood defiant in the wake of the London Bridge terror attack, and Mrs May applauded the "incredible bravery" of the emergency services and the reaction of those who helped those caught up in the fire.
She said: "The response of people living nearby who provided help, compassion and support has I think once again shown the fantastic spirit of London.
"Earlier today I ordered a cross-government meeting to ensure that every assistance was being given to manage the emergency service response and that group will meet again tomorrow."
It was agreed at the meeting of the Civil Contingencies Secretariat that further checks would be carried out on similar tower blocks.
But Mrs May refused to comment on whether such checks should have been carried out before, or claims that the Government has failed to bring in tougher regulations promised last year.
And she said that while she is "continuing to have talks" with the DUP about a possible alliance, "today there has been a real focus on this terrible tragedy that has taken place in London".
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Zippo lighters great for fidgeting as well as lighting things on fire, and this simple chrome model is down to its lowest price of the year.
Don't forget the lighter fluid, if you need it.
The potential for temporary British membership of the European Economic Area after it leaves the European Union would be both challenging and costly to handle, Norway's Prime Minister Erna Solberg told Reuters on Monday.
ARENDAL, Norway: The potential for temporary British membership of the European Economic Area after it leaves the European Union would be both challenging and costly to handle, Norway's Prime Minister Erna Solberg told Reuters on Monday.
"There would be a cost they would have to share, and an authority outside their border that could impose binding decisions on them, which is not entirely in line with what they've said they want ... But we're prepared for various scenarios," Solberg said on the sidelines of a news conference.
(Reporting by Joachim Dagenborg, writing by Terje Solsvik, editing by Gwladys Fouche)
Posted by Curtis Crabtree on June 15, 2017, 12:59 AM EDT
Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman was available to be had in trade if the price was right this offseason. The front office of the organization repeatedly made it known that would listen to offers for the All-Pro cornerback. However, a trade never came to fruition and Sherman remains with the Seahawks.
One aspect of the trade discussions involved the notion that Sherman actually requested a trade himself.
Following practice on Wednesday, Sherman said that wasn't the case.
It was never a situation where anybody asked for it. It was just a conversation,” Sherman said.
“We didn't (ask for a trade). We just had conversations about it. It is what it is. Great conversations, great dialogue. We were transparent. Nobody's worried about it.”
Sherman said that the Seahawks are always open to whatever possibilities are out there and that they communicated the situation to him throughout the process.
“You know this is a business, football is always a business. You understand that from the day you get in it,” he said. “You don't have much choice in the matter. You just gotta live your life. Don't worry about it.”
Sherman says he didn't take the trade discussions personally. In fact, he said there's a price where he probably would trade himself as well.
“If somebody comes with two first-rounders I wouldn't blame them in the least, you know?” he said with a laugh. “I wouldn't blame them, at all. It'd be another crazy trade — who was it that got traded like that, Herschel Walker or something like that? But it's just a conversation.”
Of course, it wouldn't do Sherman much good to admit he asked for a trade from a city he's still playing in for at least one more year, but Sherman also said he wants to finish his career with the Seahawks. He's under contract with Seattle through the 2018 season. He could again be a part of trade discussions next offseason, but for now both sides appear at peace with each other.
A 21-year-old woman died from injuries she sustained while working on a large riding lawnmower in the small Alberta village of Dewberry.
It happened at around 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday.
Kitscoty RCMP said they were called to the Dewberry maintenance yard to respond to a sudden death.
When they arrived, they found a woman who was killed while working on a piece of equipment. The lawnmower was being held up while she worked on it and the jack gave way, RCMP said.
Local EMS and volunteer firefighters tried to revive her but the young woman died at the scene.
Mayor Ken Haney confirmed the woman was an employee of the village and was working when the fatality occurred.
Occupational Health and Safety has taken over the investigation, RCMP said.
Global News has reached out to OHS for comment.
Dewberry is about 70 kilometres northwest of Lloydminster.
Whatever it says about his judgment, new County Council Chairman Michael Peroutka has every right to back Roy Moore, the Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in Alabama — to contribute $2,500, to stand with him on the night of Moore's primary victory, to put his name on a letter of support circulated by Moore's campaign.
And whatever the political calculation involved, Anne Arundel's Democratic Central Committee, like others in the county, has every right to label that support as noxious and an assault on common decency. There are multiple and credible allegations that Moore has engaged in sexual misconduct targeting girls as young as 14. In a guest column on this page Saturday, Democratic Central Committee Chairwoman Christine Davenport called on Peroutka to not only resign from his chairmanship but step down from the council.
We're sure Davenport and others find support of Moore nauseating — something that can't be excused by party loyalty. After all, Democrats have no monopoly on that sentiment. Gov. Larry Hogan called Moore “unfit for office.” County Executive Steve Schuh, who had earlier donated $1,000 to Moore, said he expected the former judge to withdraw from the race when the allegations of sexual impropriety emerged. Schuh says he has now asked for his money back and pungently describes Moore as “a creeper.”
Nonetheless, the Democrats must know Peroutka will not resign over this. Schuh is not going to demand that he resign. And Peroutka's Republican colleagues on the council are not going to take the extraordinary action of reversing their decision to give the District 5 councilman the one-year chairmanship that members of the council's majority party customarily expect. The Democrats may be sincerely outraged, but they are also scoring political points, storing up ammunition for next year's county races — particularly the District 5 race, in which Peroutka is seeking re-election.
The councilman isn't being accused of any personal misdeeds, just of supporting an unsavory out-of-state candidate who is also backed by the president of the United States. Peroutka has already been repeatedly assailed for his many years of association with the League of the South, a pro-secessionist group that spouts racist rhetoric. But that association and Peroutka's views on government — pretty strange ones for the average council member — were well publicized in 2014, before a majority of District 5 voters put him in office. It's the job of those voters to decide whether they want to reconsider next year.
Peroutka avoids talking to us. But he has been unfailingly polite in public settings, even if he's not adept at communicating with constituents. If he wants to impress them now, he should try doing a first-rate job as council chairman.
For one thing, he can scrap the silly vendetta the previous chairman, John Grasso, waged against the county liquor board, which Grasso barred from using the council chambers. For another, Peroutka can fulfill his duty to conduct meetings decorously but fairly, which will include listening calmly as residents use their allotted two minutes of comment to blast him and demand his resignation. Residents have a right to give their elected representatives their views. And if you can't tolerate being told off to your face at a public meeting, you don't belong in politics.
An Ikeja Chief Magistrates' Court on Wednesday remanded a farmer, Yunusa Musibau, in Kirikiri Prisons for allegedly defiling a 12-year-old girl.
Musibau, 28, who plead was not taken, was remanded in prison pending advice from the State Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP).
The Chief Magistrate, Mr P. E. Nwaka, directed that the case file should be sent to the DPP for advice.
The accused, whose address was not provided, is being tried for defilement.
Earlier, the prosecutor, Christopher John, told the court that the accused committed the offence on June 17, at Camp One Water Point, Ojo Cantonment, Lagos.
John said that the accused waylaid the girl on her way from the farm, dragged her into the bush, tore her clothes and had sexual intercourse with her.
“It was her mother who heard her shouting from the bush and rushed there, and caught Musibau in the act, ” John told the court.
The offence contravened Section 137 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015.
The case was adjourned until July 30, for mention.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO – Grammy award-winning singer and member of The Temptations Dennis Edwards has died, his wife, Brenda Edwards, confirmed to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Edwards was 74 years old.
His wife told the Post that the Motown legend died at a Chicago area hospital after suffering complications related to meningitis.
"My uncle Dennis Edwards passed away this morning," Edwards' nephew, Jason Quebec, posted on social media Friday. "Please keep my family in prayer."
Edwards was a long-time resident of Florissant, Missouri. He was a Lifetime Achievement recipient in 2013.
The Temptations were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989. The band's best-known hits include “Papa was a Rollin' Stone,” “Ain't no Mountain High Enough,” “My Girl” and “I Can't Get Next to You.”
February 3 would have been the singer's 75th birthday.
We have come again with our ‘wahala' Ooo! But nevertheless, we are doing this to make your day go smoothly and fine, especially for those stressed up at work. Naijaloaded is always here to get you engaged and interactive to ease the stress.
I am not going to speak too much on the above topic. There are 36 states in Nigeria and I have noticed that each state has one successful artiste or the other.
Recently, Davido had a visit to the Ooni Of Ife, and it struck me to recall that Davido is from Osun State, although he was born and grew up in Atlanta, Georgia to the Family of Chief Deji and Vero Adeleke, which automatically makes him an indigene of Osun state.
We also have Mayorkun, who was born in Osun state, Nigeria, to the family of one of the most popular Nigerian actresses, Toyin Adewale. If I go on and on with the list of successful artistes in Osun State ‘e go be like say na ojoro'.
I can only speak for my State as it stands because I am from Osun State.
So, I leave it to you,
Which Successful Nigerian Artiste Is From Your Home Town.
Drop Your Comments Below.
Read Also
Share this post with your Friends on
October 25, 1971 - April 21, 2018
Frank “Lil Frankie” Ramirez Soto Jr., 46, a resident of Morgan City, passed away Saturday, April 21, 2018 at Ochsner Foundation Hospital in Jefferson.
Frankie was born on October 25, 1971 in Los Angeles, California, the son of Frank R. Soto Sr. and Cheryl Lasker Soto.
Frankie was a lover of all sports, but enjoyed playing golf and poker, as well as shooting pool. He was an avid football fan and was a passionate fan of the LSU Tigers and LA Rams, he also enjoyed watching the New Orleans Saints. He loved it when the Rams played the Saints, so he could give all his family trouble and remind them that the Rams always beat the Saints. He also enjoyed playing Fantasy Football each year with his friends and family. He loved his family and loved getting everyone together at one of his famous BBQ's.
He will be sadly missed and lovingly remembered by his fiancé, Veronica Louviere of Morgan City; his father, Frank R. Soto Sr. and wife Cynthia of Morgan City; his mother, Cheryl Soto of Lafayette; two stepchildren, Adrianna Lipari and Cameron Lipari; four sisters, Cristina Soto of Lafayette, Alicia Soto Leonard and husband Scott of Pearland, Texas, and Sara Soto and Rachel Soto, both of Lafayette; two stepsisters, Jessica Dinger and Kayla Ladner, both of Morgan City; and his pawpaw, Ukie Legnon of Morgan City.
Frankie was preceded in death by his Nana, Esther Ramirez Soto; Uncle, Ernie Soto; and stepbrother, Joshua Dinger.
Funeral services will be held at 1 p.m. on Thursday, April 26, 2018 at Twin City Funeral Home. A visitation will be held from 6 p.m. until 9 p.m. on Wednesday, April 25, 2018 at Twin City Funeral Home with the visitation resuming from 12 p.m. until the time of the service on Thursday at the funeral home. Following the services, Frankie will be laid to rest in the Morgan City Cemetery.
Researchers in Brazil are thinking on another level.
They are trying to use monkeys to prove that the ancient psychoactive substance known as ayahuasca is a better anti-depressant than modern pharmaceuticals.
Checkout the full study here.
Scientists Gave Monkeys Ayahuasca and It Helped Their Depression https://t.co/sI6O3ksriN — Very Ape (@veryapetv) March 19, 2018
Hit the jump for a full education of ayahuasca from the experts at Discover Magazine.
1 2 3 4Next page »
Also On Magic 95.9:
The Situation can go south.
The “Jersey Shore” star, born Michael Sorrentino, was granted permission to travel to Bimini, Bahamas, from Feb. 9 to 11 “for filming in connection with his employment,” according to U.S. District Court documents obtained by Page Six on Friday. A judge had already granted him permission to travel to Miami to film the upcoming “Jersey Shore” reunion before his sentencing for tax evasion in April.
Sorrentino, 35, pleaded guilty to tax evasion in January and agreed to a deal that could put him behind bars for up to five years. His brother Marc is facing up to three years in prison for aiding in the preparation of a false and fraudulent tax return. Both men could have to pay up to $250,000 in fines.
The duo was charged in 2014 after the government alleged that they would make cash deposits of less than $10,000 to avoid triggering federal reporting requirements when handling The Situation's $8.9 million income from his reality stardom heyday.
While in the Bahamas, Sorrentino won't be having too much of a wild time, though, as he has been sober for years.
AP, SEOUL
South Korean prosecutors yesterday indicted former president Park Geun-hye on bribery, extortion, abuse of power and other corruption charges that could potentially send her to jail for life.
It is the latest in a series of humiliations for Park, who was driven from office by massive and peaceful popular protests.
Park was impeached in December last year, officially stripped of power last month and has been in a detention facility near Seoul since being arrested last month on allegations that she extorted from businesses, took bribes and committed other wrongdoing, all in collaboration with a longtime confidante.
Prosecutors also indicted Shin Dong-bin, the chairman of Lotte, South Korea's fifth-largest business conglomerate, on a charge of offering a bribe of 7 billion won (US$6 million) to Park and her friend Choi Soon-sil in exchange for a lucrative government license to open a new duty-free shop.
Park is to remain jailed and be escorted from the detention center to a Seoul court for a trial that is to start in coming weeks and could take as long as six months.
It is not clear if the trial will start before a May 9 special election that will determine her successor.
Park, 65, was elected South Korea's first female president in late 2012.
The country will now watch as she is forced to stand in court while handcuffed, bound with rope and possibly dressed in prison garb.
If convicted, her bribery charge carries the biggest punishment, ranging from 10 years in prison to life imprisonment.
While deeply unpopular among many South Koreans, Park still has supporters, and some conservative politicians and media outlets are already demanding that authorities pardon her if she is convicted.
South Korea pardoned two convicted former leaders in the late 1990s in a bid for national reconciliation amid financial crisis, and its court had until recently showed leniency toward jailing many corrupt business tycoons because of worries about hurting the economy.
Park's scandal triggered huge political turmoil in South Korea, with millions taking to the streets to call for her ouster for months before her supporters launched their own protests. Dozens of high-level figures, including Choi, Park's friend of 40 years, top administration officials and Samsung heir Jay Y. Lee have already been indicted and await separate criminal trials.
Prosecutors charged Park with conspiring with Choi and a presidential adviser to pressure 18 business groups to donate a total of 77.4 billion won for the launch of two non-profit foundations controlled by Choi.
Park and Choi were also charged with taking bribes from two of the business groups, Samsung and Lotte, and colluding with other top officials to blacklist artists critical of Park's government to deny them state support.
Park also faces charges that she passed on dozens of documents with sensitive information to Choi via one of her presidential aides.
Park has denied any legal wrongdoing, arguing that she only got help from Choi to edit some presidential speeches and on public relations.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Community leaders will be out late Friday night to help monitor the ‘late night' buses at the University at Buffalo. They're also making sure it doesn't turn in to what was known as the ‘drunk bus.'
“It has changed quite a bit,” said Bernard Kunz, who lives in University Heights.
Neighbors in University Heights say they're seeing a lot less red cups in their yards these days, thanks to UB ending the stampede late night bus in August. It was also known as the ‘drunk bus.'
“There were some rumors that the stampede bus which is better known as the drunk bus was coming back in service,” said Mickey Vertino, president of University Heights Collaborative.
Mickey Vertino says those rumors aren't true. He's active in voicing concerns of residents when students would trash the neighborhood after partying. He says the new shuttles, which are smaller than the stampede buses, have made a big difference in keeping the area quiet.
The shuttles are a completely different route, only run every half hour and are only meant for students traveling from the library or late night work. The routes started September 29th.
Vertino says only about 28 people actually rode the shuttle all weekend.
“This week we're going to be looking at it, now the students are more aware of it how are they going to utilize the bus. UB is adamant that they're not going to tolerate this turning into a party bus,” said Vertino.
Councilman Rasheed Wyatt says he's also going to help monitor the late night shuttles to prevent any misuse.
“I'll be out here on Friday night to see about these buses to make sure that it is shuttle buses at 2am just transporting a small group of students to the library,” said Councilman Rasheed Wyatt.
Vertino says many students who live in University Heights have been cleaning up the area after parties.
He says bus drivers will be checking and monitoring students who get on the late night shuttle and if it's being misused the University will shut it down immediately.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said late on Friday it had approved Alphabet Inc's application to provide emergency cellular service to Puerto Rico through balloons.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico has struggled to regain communications services. The FCC said on Friday that 83 percent of cell sites remain out of service, while wireless communications company are deploying temporary sites.
Alphabet, which announced its Project Loon in 2013 to use solar-powered, high-altitude balloons to provide internet service in remote regions, said in an FCC filing it was working to "support licensed mobile carriers' restoration of limited communications capability" in Puerto Rico.
Earlier on Friday, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai announced he was forming a Hurricane Recovery Task Force with an emphasis on addressing challenges facing Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
"It is critical that we adopt a coordinated and comprehensive approach to support the rebuilding of communications infrastructure and restoration of communications services," Pai said in statement.
Separately, Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello said in a Twitter posting late on Friday that he had a "great initial conversation with @elonmusk tonight. Teams are now talking; exploring opportunities. Next steps soon to follow."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Musk, the chief executive of Tesla Inc, said on Friday the company would send more battery installers to Puerto Rico to help restore power after Hurricane Maria knocked out all power on the island over two weeks ago.
Musk said he was diverting resources from a semi-truck project to fix Model 3 bottlenecks and "increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas."
In late September, Tesla said it was sending hundreds of batteries that can store power generated by solar panels to Puerto Rico to provide emergency help in the wake of Hurricane Maria.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Sandra Maler)
A man has been charged with two counts of murder following the fatal shooting in St Leonards on Friday evening (March 16).
Following authorisation by the Crown Prosecution Service, Craig Savage, 35, of no fixed address, has been charged with the murders of Michelle Savage and Heather Whitbread at their home in Bexhill Road.
He is also charged with committing robbery in relation to the theft of a .22 calibre rifle firearm and ammunition from the 1066 Target Sports, Sedlescombe Road North, St Leonards, on Friday (March 16).
Savage has been remanded in custody to appear at Brighton Magistrates' Court via videolink on Tuesday (March 20).
Related links: Family's moving tribute to ‘beautiful' mum and daughter
: In a bonanza to more than five lakh state government employees and pensioners, the Jammu and Kashmir government on Tuesday approved implementation of the seventh pay commission recommendations with effect from January 2016.With the immediate implementation of revised pay scale, employees will get more than 20 per cent hike in the salary for the month of April, state Finance Minister Syed Altaf Ahmed Bukhari told reporters after the meeting of the state cabinet in Jammu.The measure, however, would put extra burden of Rs 4,201 crore per year and Rs 7,477 crore in one-time arrears on the exchequer, he said.The finance minister claimed that Jammu and Kashmir is the first state to implement the 7th pay commission proposals.The decision was taken by the state cabinet meet headed by Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti.The cabinet approved implementation of the 7th pay commission recommendations for state government employees and pensioners, Bukhari said.The state government employees can now draw the salary for the month of April 2018 as per the revised scales, he said.For the purpose of implementation of the 7th Pay Commission Recommendations, basic pay as on December 31, 2015, of employees shall be multiplied by uniform factor of 2.57 and then adjusted in the matrix recommended by the Pay Committee.The benefit of House Rent Allowance on revised pay shall be available from April, 2018 and all allowances except Dearness Allowance (DA) shall continue as before while DA from January, 2016 onwards shall be paid on revised pay on new rates to be notified by Finance Department, he added.According to the decision, gratuity shall be enhanced from the existing ceiling of Rs 10 lakh to Rs 20 lakh with effect from January 1, 2016, with increase in the ceiling on gratuity by 25 per cent whenever DA rises by 50 per cent as recommended by 7th CPC/ as per Central Government pattern.The pensioners shall be given option to choose revision of pension by any of the two formulations suggested by the Pay Committee.Arrears of pensioners shall be paid in cash in three six monthly instalments while arrears of all employees shall be drawn and credited to their G.P Fund accounts with moratorium of 3 years for withdrawal of same, Minister said.However, there will be no moratorium for withdrawal in case of employees retiring up to March 31, 2021. The implementation of 7th pay commission recommendations for PSUs and autonomous organisations will depend on the availability of resources with the respective organisations, he added.Regarding pay anomalies, the cabinet decided that the existing Pay Committee shall look into and address the issue of anomalies starting with the issue of anomalies of the Clerical Cadre, he added. The cabinet also approved a slew of administrative reforms to streamline the functioning at various levels in the government.
Zimbabwe's military vowed on Wednesday to stay neutral in upcoming elections, dismissing suggestions it would deploy service personnel to influence national polls scheduled for July 30.
The military is under close scrutiny following its brief takeover in November that led to the resignation of former president Robert Mugabe.
Previous elections under Mugabe were marred by violence, intimidation and fraud - often alleged to involve the security forces.
"The Zimbabwe Defence Forces has no direct role in the upcoming elections," said army spokesperson Overson Mugwisi at a media conference in Harare ahead of the presidential, parliamentary and local polls later this month.
"We are disturbed by false reports alleging that the Zimbabwe Defence Forces is going to be used by (the ruling) Zanu-PF to rig the posted vote."
The army appeared to have staged its media briefing in response to a report in the Standard daily that it had deployed active service personnel to rural areas to campaign for candidates in Zanu-PF primary contests.
The Standard reported that it had received complaints from defeated contenders for the Zanu-PF slate who reported that some winning candidates who were former senior military officers had been "roping in the army to win the primary elections".
"If some serving members are participating in the ongoing political campaigns, they will be doing so illegally and not as a result of an instruction from their commanders," said Mugwisi.
"The conduct of the Zimbabwe Defence forces after elections is going to be guided by the constitution."
President Emmerson Mnangagwa, 75, has pledged to hold free and fair elections as he seeks to mend international relations.
July's polls will be the first ballot box test for Mnangagwa, and the first since Mugabe was forced to resign after 37 years in power.
Congratulations. And the reasons for the dismissal of the case with costs? https://t.co/PptSDAK3lY — Prof Jonathan Moyo (@ProfJNMoyo) April 24, 2018
Former Zanu-PF spin doctor Professor Jonathan Moyo has congratulated Dr Thokozani Khupe after the dismissal of High Court application that was launched by Advocate Nelson Chamisa led MDC-T faction in the fight over the ownership of the party name and symbols.Prof Moyo tweeted "Congratulations. And the reasons for the dismissal of the case with costs?," responding to Khupe's deputy Obert Gutu.
Man brutally kills lover for escorting his grandmother
Shocked residents watched in horror as an abusive boyfriend, Ketsile Onneile Mmokolodi, brutally murdered his girlfriend at Potsane farms near Boatle village last Thursday.
The deceased, Patricia Wamakala (29), had accompanied her boyfriend's 80-year-old grandmother, Purapura Maselwane Mmokolodi, who had visited the youthful couple.
Eye witnesses told of how the enraged jealous boyfriend attacked Wamakala, accusing her of cheating on him.
Despite repeated explanations by Wamakala that she had just escorted the old woman as it was dark, the fuming Mmokolodi beat her up and dragged her on a rugged surface, cutting her artificial hairpiece with a knife in the process.
he is said to have then tied up the woman's legs and continued beating her till she died.
Narrating the chronicle of events that led to Wamakala's death, the aged and partially blind Purapura said her grandson has always been abusive towards his girlfriend.
She said on the fateful evening she had visited the couple where she was to receive a phone call from her children in Ramotswa using the deceased's mobile phone.
Afterwards Wamakala volunteered to accompany her as it was already dark.
“My back was aching, so I walked slowly but the deceased was patient and she returned to the boyfriend after I was very closer to my house,” said the old woman who added that the deceased was murdered for walking her home.
Another eye-witness, 29-year-old Mothusi Tapologo, said he was at the Mmokolodi's place with other residents when and they watched him murder the girlfriend.
“He is the most feared in the settlement. He met the deceased on the way back from accompanying his grandmother,” he said and added that the accused chased them away from his yard threatening them with a huge knife.
“He dragged the girlfriend inside the house, still punching her on the back. By then the girlfriend was not responding to the beatings anymore,” said Tapologo.
Confirming Mmokolodi's abusive nature, another eye-witness, Lebogang Matlotleng (32) said the suspect has long turned his girlfriend into a punching bag.
“She's always been complaining about the boyfriend's abuse which had even crippled her left hand. they have been in an on and off relationship and sadly this is how it ended.,” she said.
Station Commander for Ramotswa police, Superintendent Keoagile Tau confirmed that they have arrested the suspect.
“Currently investigations are still continuing. The deceased's body awaiting post-mortem,” said Tau.
Armenia's acting prime minister, Karen Karapetyan, called on the president meet with the opposition after previous talks planned for Wednesday were cancelled.
YEREVAN: Armenia's acting prime minister, Karen Karapetyan, called on the president meet with the opposition after previous talks planned for Wednesday were cancelled.
"Being concerned by the current situation ... I'm calling on president to organise the meeting ... with the participation of parliamentary and non-parliamentary political forces," Karapetyan said in a statement posted on his website.
Talks were initially planned for Wednesday after the resignation of prime minister Serzh Sarksyan on Monday following almost two weeks of street protests that plunged the impoverished ex-Soviet republic into political crisis.
(Reporting by Hasmik Mkrtchyan; Writing by Margarita Antidze; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Monday 3.19
Complete Monday music listings here.
Tuesday 3.20
Brian Harnetty “Shawnee, Ohio” @ Mairs Concert Hall, Macalester CollegeShawnee, Ohio has been in the extraction business for two centuries, from coal to fracking. Brian Harnetty explores the economic and environmental tensions via video and audio archives, and augments it with a septet playing Appalachian chamber music—bluegrass flecked with soot, spit, and polish. This show is part of Liquid Music's 2017-18 season. 7:30 p.m. $20 ($16 for SPCO/Liquid Music subscribers). 130 Macalester St., St. Paul. More info here.—Britt Robson
Connie Evingson @ The Dunsmore Room in Crooner'sConnie Evingson has done wonderful interpretations of Peggy Lee, the songs of Dave Frishberg, and variations on “Hot Club” gypsy jazz. This time around, she immerses herself in Gershwin edition of the Ella Fitzgerald Songbooks. The backing trio—saxophonist Dave Karr, bassist Gordy Johnson and pianist Tanner Taylor—will keep her light on her scatting feet. Also Wednesday night. 7:30 p.m. $20-$25. 6161 Highway 65 NE, Minneapolis. More info here. —Britt Robson
Complete Tuesday music listings here.
Wednesday 3.21
Complete Wednesday music listings here.
Thursday 3.22
Lucy Rose @ Turf Club
After opting for a poppier, electronic-dabbed sound on her sophomore album, English singer-songwriter Lucy Rose traveled with just her guitar around South America, where she wrote songs for her subsequent Something's Changing. Most obviously, that was returning to primarily lean acoustic, folk-pop with hints of chamber music and Brill Building pop, plus intricate vocal harmonies with guests like the Staves. Rose's well-crafted songs focus on love's fragility and self-awareness; her exquisite warble etching wistfulness with alluring grace. Charlie Cunningham opens. 7 p.m. $13-$16. 1601 University Ave., St. Paul. More info here.—Rick Mason
JC Sanford's Triocracy @ Khyber Pass
Trombonist JC Sanford was named a rising star in the 2017 DownBeat Critic's Poll. Known primarily as a big band composer, arranger, and conductor, he leads an unconventional trio alongside two saxophonists, Brandon Wozniak and Bruce Thornton, playing “chamber jazz” renditions of songs by everyone from Stevie Wonder to George Fredrick Handel to Billy Joel. But he's a Bob Brookmeyer aficionado, so expect some Gerry Mulligan too. 9 p.m. $5. 1517 Grand Ave., St. Paul. More info here.—Britt Robson
Zeitgeist tackles Julius Eastman @ Studio Z
Before there was a “new classical” music movement, Julius Eastman was fusing classical with pop with a minimalist fervor and presciently strident politics. A pioneer African-American composer born in 1940, he became too outrageous and radical to sustain a career and eventually had many of his scores confiscated while being evicted. He died alone of cardiac arrest at the age of 49. This four-day tribute to his works by Zeitgeist and special guests is another chapter in the belated celebration of his genius. 7:30 p.m. $15 ($10 for seniors and students), $40 for a 4-day festival pass. 275 E. Fourth St., St. Paul. More info here.—Britt Robson
Complete Thursday music listings here.
Reuters, LONDON
Fire engulfed a 24-story housing block in central London early yesterday, killing at least six people and injuring 74 others in an inferno that trapped residents as they slept.
Some residents screamed for help from behind upper-floor windows, while others tried to throw children to safety, as flames raced through the high-rise Grenfell Tower block of apartments in the north Kensington area after taking hold just before 1am.
“We could see a lot of children and parents screaming: ‘Help! Help! Help!' and putting their hands on the window and asking to help them,” witness Amina Sharif told reporters. “We could do nothing and we could see the stuff on the side was falling off, collapsing. We were just standing screaming and they were screaming.”
Another witness, Saimar Lleshi, saw people tying together sheets in an attempt to escape.
“I saw three people putting sheets together to climb down, but no one climbed down. I don't know what happened to them,” Lleshi said. “Even when the lights went off, people were waving with white shirts to be seen.”
More than 200 firefighters, backed up by 40 fire engines, fought for hours to try to bring the blaze, one of the biggest seen in central London in memory, under control.
By midday, London police said six people had been killed, warning that the death toll was likely to rise.
Police Commander Stuart Cundy said a “recovery operation” could take some time and that there could be people in the building who are unaccounted for, although he would not be drawn on a figure.
Firefighters still had to reach the top four floors of the building where several hundred people live in 130 apartments.
The cause of the inferno, which left the tower block a charred, smoking shell, was not immediately known.
The block had recently undergone an ￡8.7 million (US$11.13 million) refurbishment of the exterior, which included new external cladding and replacement windows.
Black smoke billowed high into the air for hours after the blaze broke out. Residents rushed to escape through smoke-filled corridors after being woken up by the smell of smoke.
The London Fire Brigade said the fire engulfed all floors from the second to the top of the 24-story block.
There were reports that some residents leaped out of windows to escape the flames.
One woman lost two of her six children as she tried to escape from the block, one witness said.
“I spoke to a lady that lives on the 21st floor. She has got six kids. She left with all six of them. When she got downstairs there was only four of them with her. She is now breaking her heart,” block resident Michael Paramasivan told BBC radio.
Other witnesses spoke of children, including a baby, being thrown to safety, from windows high up.
One witness, Tamara, told the BBC: “There's people, like, throwing their kids out: ‘Just save my children, just save my children!'”
“In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never ever seen anything of this scale,” London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton told reporters.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the fire raised questions over safety of high-rise blocks such as Grenfell Tower.
The BBC reported that a political deal between the government of British Prime Minister Theresa May and a small Northern Irish party could be delayed because of the aftermath of the fire.
More than 12 hours after the fire broke out, the building was still smoldering, although the building was not in danger of collapse.
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
Canadians from coast to coast are voting today in four byelections that seem set to paint a picture of just how well Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer are resonating with voters.
But will the results actually matter?
“Byelections can matter depending on the riding,” said Susan Smith, principal strategist at Bluesky Strategy Group, a political consulting firm in Ottawa. “If there's a riding that has been held for a long time by one party or the other and could change hands, that's when it gets interesting.”
That is exactly the situation at play today.
READ MORE: 4 federal byelections to be held December 11
Voters in Bonavista–Burin–Trinity in Newfoundland, Scarborough–Agincourt in Ontario, and Battlefords–Lloydminster in Saskatchewan are generally expected to return their incumbent parties to their seats: in Newfoundland and Ontario, that means the Liberals, while the Saskatchewan riding is a stronghold for Conservatives.
The riding drawing the most speculation is that of South Surrey–White Rock in B.C..
It used to be held by Conservative MP Dianne Watts but she resigned in September to run for the leadership of the B.C. Liberal Party.
READ MORE: Dianne Watts to seek BC Liberal leadership, step down as Conservative MP
That move put the riding into play in a race that has become too tight to call.
The Conservatives are running former national revenue minister Kerry-Lynne Findlay, who was rejected by voters in the 2015 election in the nearby riding of Delta-Richmond East, and the Liberals are running Gordie Hogg, who served as a B.C. Liberal MLA for the provincial riding in the area for roughly 20 years.
A Conservative victory would not necessarily signal a rising blue tide ahead of the general election in 2019 given they have held the riding for years – but a loss could be an early warning that the party and its leader Andrew Scheer have a problem.
“That's the one I'm watching, and if the Conservatives lose it's going to sting. This would be the second byelection loss for Scheer as leader, that always hurts,” said Michele Austin, senior adviser with Summa Strategies in Ottawa and a former chief of staff to both Rona Ambrose and Maxime Bernier.
“I don't think that the Conservatives are prepared for that, if it happens.”
READ MORE: Justin Trudeau credits Liberal economic agenda for upset win in Quebec byelection
The Tories lost the Lac-Saint-Jean riding in Quebec that his party won from the Bloc Quebecois in 2015 to the Liberals in October.
Austin says losing a second time might not signal defeat in 2019, but it would give the party pause.
“The Conservatives are going to have to look hard at where they can gain seats if Justin Trudeau can waltz into B.C. and take that one back,” she said.
“The Conservatives are going to have to reset, adjust, decide whether or not it's just a byelection blip or whether it's a trend, and go from there.”
The results will boil down to a combination of two core factors: whether voters are motivated enough to show up at the polls and whether they either like what the Conservatives under Scheer are offering or want to hop on the momentum of the Trudeau Liberals.
WATCH BELOW: Conservatives ‘not concerned' in Lac-Saint-Jean byelection upset
Complicating factors around the issue of voter turnout, such as constituents who might answer the phone to take a poll but not actually show up to vote, mean trying to look at byelections as “political tea leaves” can be difficult, said Greg MacEachern, senior vice-president at Environics Communications.
“For the most part, a byelection is going to give you a very similar result to the last election or there may be some tendency to favour the sitting government. It's only when there's been a major change that the results are significant.”
One other factor to watch, he said, is how much buzz the NDP and its new leader, Jagmeet Singh, are able to generate on the ground in both B.C. and the Toronto riding of Scarborough-Agincourt.
While the party is unlikely to win either seat, watching whether they are able to come nipping at the Liberals' heels will have many Conservatives eagerly checking for the final numbers.
“For a long time, the Conservative MO [modus operandi] has been, in places they can't win, to encourage the NDP because it hurts the Liberals,” MacEachern said.
But for the NDP, the issue will be getting the traction to actually do just that.
Singh was elected in October but does not hold a seat in the House of Commons.
COMMENTARY: Jagmeet Singh needs to brush up on basic communications strategy
Since then, the federal political rookie – who had served as a provincial MPP in Ontario since 2011 before resigning his seat in October – has stumbled over questions from political reporters over everything from Quebec separatism and bilingual judges to whether he condemns the celebration by a small number of Sikhs of the Air India bombing mastermind as a martyr.
While the latter question prompted a fierce debate over whether it was racially loaded, critics also pointed to the fact that Singh seemed unprepared to answer the question at all as a potential red flag in his preparations for the minefields of federal politics.
“I don't think that Jagmeet Singh has found his election mojo yet. This is somebody who is moving from provincial to federal politics, all of this is going to be new to him even though he's experienced in Ontario,” said Smith.
“I think that the NDP doesn't even factor into these races. That story has yet to unfold.”
THE fate of the Cebu Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) will be determined today, Wednesday, during the National Economic and Development Authority – Investment Coordination Committee (NEDA – ICC) meeting.
Cebu City Mayor Tomas Osmeña yesterday wrote the NEDA-ICC urging it to intervene in the Department of Transportation's (DOTr) recommendation to scrap the BRT project.
The DOTr's recommendation, dated April 11, 2018, was signed by Transportation Secretary Arturo Tugade and Presidential Assistant for the Visayas Michael Dino.
The four-page letter written by the mayor also included his comments debunking the findings of the Inter-Department Task Force of the DOTr which cited narrow roads, costs of delays, underutilized funds, and growth in the number of vehicles on the road that will render the BRT irrelevant if implemented.
“These are hardly reasons for the cancellation of the project. The solution of the delays is to fast-track the implementation, not cancel the project,” Osmeña stated in his letter.
He also said that the BRT would address the increase of vehicles plying the roads of Cebu City, and that narrow roads were already taken into consideration since the project was formulated.
‘It is not a new condition that justifies the re-evaluation of the project. BRT works, even on narrow roadways. A good example is the successful BRT in Mexico City, that operates efficiently in many European cities with narrow roadways that were built centuries ago,” said Osmeña.
On the other hand, DOTr has not proposed any alternative to the BRT should NEDA – ICC cancel the project.
But according to Osmeña, the agency's proposal to cancel the BRT was to give way to the P155-billion Light Rail Transit (LRT) proposed by a Chinese-led consortium.
“Don't throw a ghost project as a replacement (of the BRT). That's an insult to the people of Cebu. There's no feasibility study,” he told reporters in a press conference yesterday.
But as judgment day of the BRT draws near, more groups have expressed support for its implementation.
In a statement sent to reporters yesterday, the Cebu Urban Poor Alliance said. “The BRT will improve urban mobility and access to transport for low-income families, thus effective mass transport for the urban poor. (It is also) cost-effective and will help address environmental problems as it is an alternative way to mitigate carbon emissions,” the group said.
Last Monday, the Cebu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (CCCI), Cebu's largest business organization, also said cancelling the BRT project is not a solution to the growing traffic congestion in Cebu.
They supported the implementation of the BRT but suggested widening of existing roads.
Some Cebu City councilors however, welcomed the LRT project. Councilor Raymond Alvin Garcia authored a resolution expressing the council's support for the LRT project.
But after several discussions during their regular session yesterday, Garcia decided to withdraw his proposal to add some points raised by the DOTr.
“I'll be reintroducing it together with the findings stated on the DOTr's recommendation letter,” he told reporters.
Police and family are concerned for the welfare of a Hove man and his two small children who have not been seen since Monday morning (August 14).
Robert Roche, 36, of Palmeira Square, Hove, and his two children, a boy aged three and a girl aged 18 months, set off from home at 9am on Monday morning to go to a day nursery in nearby Holland Road.
Robert Roche SUS-170815-073229001
They did not arrive and police were told at 5.30pm when family members realised that they had not returned home.
Robert is white, 5'10”, stocky, with dark hair.
His children are three-year-old Joey and 18-month-old Betsy (pictured), who was in a very distinctive black ‘buggaboo monkey stroller” buggy with a pink hood. There is also a step and a ‘saddle' by the handle bar.
Detective Inspector Mick Jones said, “We are searching the local area. and are keen to hear from anyone who has spotted Robert and his children.
“If you see them or know where they might be, please let us know right away on 101 or 999, quoting serial 1053 of 14/08.
“We also ask Robert to get in touch with us so we can arrange to meet and confirm that he and the children are ok.
“We are not treating the disappearance as suspicious at this stage but it has not happened before and we are naturally very concerned for Robert and especially for his children.”
High Plains Grape Growers and Terry County Tractor hosted a dinner and a meeting on Thursday evening for area producers. Kubota representatives were there, as well as representatives from chemical companies instructing those in attendance on how to safely use certain chemicals on crops and how to avoid drift over on other crops which could be damaged by the chemicals. Shown is Adam Hixon from BASF.
Category: Agriculture
ZTE is perhaps one of the most prolific Chinese OEMs today, introducing new smartphones left and right. No wonder the brand is making waves in the United States as a well-trusted name in prepaid phones. Last month, it announced the ZTE Blade Spark with a fingerprint sensor with an affordable price. This was only a month after the Nubia M2 Play and ZTE V870 were released in China. The Blade Z Max is the latest addition to the ZTE Blade series after the Blade Max 2, Blade X Max, and the Blade Spark.
The new ZTE Blade Z Max boasts of a dual camera system combining a 16MP and 2MP rear cameras, 8MP front-facing camera, and a fast autofocus camera. All these make the new Blade phone a reliable device for mobile photography. Another element making this a powerhouse is the 4080mAh battery for a long lasting usage. It can also be powered by Qualcomm 2.0 charging. The screen is huge at 6-inches with Full High-Definition resolution. There is no Corning Gorilla Glass but the phone is scratch-resistant, thanks to Dragontrail 2.5D glass.
Other specs and features of the device include a 1.4 GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435, 2GB RAM, 32GB onboard storage, microSD card slot for storage expansion, WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, USB Type-C, and Dolby Surround Sound. Available on MetroPCS for only $129.
SOURCE: MetroPCS
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
- Advertisement -
The Progressives Congress, on Sunday, alleged that the Peoples Democratic Party, at its Saturday's convention, decided to punish the South-West for voting against the PDP in the 2015 elections.
The APC made this allegation in a statement in Abuja on Sunday by its National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Bolaji Abdullahi.
It said the failure of the South-West to get the PDP chairmanship was a punishment meted out to the zone by the former ruling party.
The ruling party further said the national convention of the PDP had once again showed Nigerians that corruption was deeply rooted in the PDP's genes.
The APC explained that the outcome of the PDP national convention did not only reduce the opposition party to a regional party, it also exposed it as a party unwilling to change for the better.
He said, “With revelations of how money-for-votes and systematic rigging were brazenly perpetuated during the National Convention of the Peoples Democratic Party, the Progressives Congress is mindful of the popular axiom: ‘a leopard cannot change its spots'.
“The abnormalities that trailed the PDP National Convention have further exposed the PDP as a party not ready and willing to change.
“Indeed, the PDP has once again displayed itself to the generality of Nigerians that it is a party with corruption deeply rooted in its DNA.
“Again, it is tragic that the PDP, which used to pride itself as ‘the biggest political party in Africa', has now been reduced to a regional party. By frustrating the South-West's chairmanship candidates, it is unfortunate that the PDP has decided to punish the South-West for not voting for the party in 2015.”
At the convention, Prince Uche Secondus from Rivers State emerged as the chairman of the PDP in the early hours of Sunday.
The APC also urged members of the PDP, who could pass “the integrity test”, to join the APC in order to bring about the much-needed change the country deserves.
But the PDP, in a statement by its new National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, said the APC's statement was laughable.
The PDP stated that the APC, which had “roundly failed in not only managing the affairs of the country, but also its own internal issues, will recourse to panic mode just because the PDP has succeeded in uniting its fronts by conducting a very credible elective national convention.”
He said the PDP was aware of many plots by the APC to sabotage the convention, which failed.
Ologbondiyan added, “We were very much aware of the plots by the APC to scuttle the convention, and failing, it has resorted to a failed attempt to discredit an elective convention that has been adjudged as creditable, novel and laudable by political stakeholders and lovers of democracy across the nation.
“This unwarranted attack is only symptomatic of a party that has lost control and only clutching to straws for survival having been rejected outright by Nigerians.
“Is it not disgusting, reprehensible and embarrassing that the APC, that has repeatedly failed to hold meetings, congresses and convention in the last three years and has flagrantly continued to violate its own constitution, is questioning our party's rights to perform its legitimate and constitutional obligation?
“Perhaps the APC leaders have never read Article 25 (A)(i) of their party's Constitution which stipulates that ‘the National Convention of the party (APC) shall be held once in two years at a date, venue and time to be recommended by the National Working Committee and approved by the National Executive Committee subject to the giving of the statutory notices to the Independent National Electoral Commission and at least 14 days notice given to members eligible to attend.
“Which impunity could be higher than APC violating its constitution? It is strange that APC could be moralising on the principles of social justice whereas its actions against Nigerians are a complete departure from the norms.
“It is important for this spokesman of a failed party and his pack of incompetent members to reminisce on the needless pains and suffering they have inflicted on Nigerians rather than being jittery over the successful outcome of the PDP's elective national convention.”
Ologbodiyan added that it was no longer news that the nation “is drifting under APC and the PDP has come to the rescue.”
He added, “We must therefore remind the APC that the era of deceit, trickery and scaremongering, which has been the hallmarks of their government, is gone and Nigerians are just waiting to kick them out come 2019.”
In a similar vein, the Organising Secretary of the PDP in the South-West, Mr. Fasiu Bakene, described as a blatant lie the claim by the APC that the PDP punished South-West for voting against the former ruling party in 2015.
“This is another blatant lie of the APC, which is seeking the sympathy of the South-West for its abysmal failure in keeping its electoral promises,” he stated.
But the National Vice-Chairman of the APC (South-South), Hilliard Eta, said the PDP lacked the moral authority to cast aspersions on the ruling party.
Eta stated this in a telephone interview while reacting to the criticism of the ruling party by the PDP at its convention on Saturday. The PDP had, at the convention, said Nigeria was sinking under the APC government.
Eta said the failure of the PDP to provide quality leadership for Nigerians was the reason why Nigerians voted it out of power in 2015.
He said, “There is no doubt that Nigerians across party lines believe in the ability and political will of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led APC administration to deliver on its promises.
“The facts are there. Our security has improved tremendously. The basic infrastructure, which collapsed under the 16 years of PDP misrule, is gradually being rebuilt. The war against corruption is yielding results. The looting of our common patrimony, which was the norm under the PDP, has been dealt a fatal blow.
“It is uncharitable for the PDP to accuse the APC, which has just spent a little over two years out of a four year mandate, of failure.
Meanwhile, former President Dr. Goodluck Jonathan has congratulated the newly-elected national officers of the PDP.
- Advertisement -
Jonathan, in a statement on Sunday by his spokesperson, Mr. Ikechukwu Eze, urged the executive members to unite all members.
Jonathan stated, “I congratulate the newly elected members of the National Working Committee of our great party, led by Prince Uche Secondus, and wish them a successful tenure as they seek to reposition our great party, the PDP.
“I reiterate that the only way to prove that this is a victory for the PDP and all our members is for the new leaders to be magnanimous and aim to carry everybody along, for we cannot achieve our mission and aspirations unless we unite as a family.”
In his own reaction, former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar also called for unity among members of the party.
A statement by the media office of the former Vice-President congratulated Secondus and other elected officials.
He said Nigerians were looking up to the party for unity in the party, “because it takes a united and coherent PDP to sack the APC government in 2019.”
Atiku added, “Just as we mobilised to put an end to prolonged military rule in 1999, the people of Nigeria, at this moment, look up to us to rescue the country from the mis-government of the Progressives Congress.
“Arising from our elective congress, there should be no victor and no vanquished. Our paramount attention should be focused on sacking a government that deceived the people of Nigeria into power by promising our youths three million jobs annually, only to deliver three million joblessness annually; a government that is repeatedly living in denial of its commitment to restructuring. We must be united to take power back to where it belongs: the Nigerian people.
“Meanwhile, I call on all our leaders and members to rally round the new executive for the sake of our party, Nigeria and the good of our people.”
Also, the Deputy President of the Senate, Ike Ekweremadu, has told the newly-elected exco members of the PDP to get down to work immediately as they have no time for a honeymoon.
Ekweremadu stated this in a congratulatory message to the new party executive in Abuja on Sunday by his Special Adviser on Media, Uche Anichukwu.
He said, “I congratulate the Prince Uche Secondus-led NWC on the members' election in a free, fair, credible, transparent, and indeed democratic election. The PDP has set an example which other political parties will have to emulate to deepen the nation's democracy.
“Importantly, I believe that 2019 is a comeback year for the PDP because distraught Nigerians look up to our great party. However, there is a lot of work to be done and the party faithful expect members of the new NWC to hit the ground running because they have no luxury of a honeymoon.”
In his own congratulatory message, a former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, commended Jonathan, Atiku, Senator Ahmed Makarfi and others for “their profound and inspiring speeches at the convention.”
Fani-Kayode stated, “We must be ready and prepared to fight for a greater cause and to stand against a vicious, corrupt, deceitful, relentless and rapacious enemy that has divided our country, that has destroyed our economy and that has persecuted, marginalised, humiliated, demonised, massacred and pauperised our people.”
In a related development, Secondus, who emerged the PDP national chairman on Sunday morning in Abuja, declared that the APC must get ready to vacate Aso Rock in 2019.
He said the APC had failed Nigerians because of its faulty foundation and lack of solid ideas for development.
Speaking after he was sworn-in on Sunday morning, Secondus said, “In the words of the 34th President of the United States of America, Dwight Eisenhower, ‘If a political party does not have its foundation in the determination to advance a cause that is right and that is moral, then it is not a political party; it is merely a conspiracy to seize power'.
“Judging from this, it is crystal clear to all Nigerians that the APC is not a political party, but a body hurriedly assembled to seize power without a clear-cut plan for governance.”
Secondus said the need to plan to sack the ruling party from the government at the centre must be immediate, alleging that this would save the country from disintegration.
He said, “We are all witnesses to how the unity of this country has been shaken to its very foundation under the watch of the rudderless and clueless APC.
“We therefore have a gigantic task of retrieving this country from the APC's clear lack of direction and confusion starting with the Presidency.”
He said he was ready to lead the party to victory in 2019, adding that he was aware of the mandate handed to him by the delegates.
Secondus added, “By my understanding, the mandate you have given us today is clear and unambiguous. It is to return our party to power come 2019.
“As Herculean as this mandate seems, I know it's achievable. My campaign pillars for this election are ‘to rebuild, reposition and regain'.
“Let me assure you great members and leaders of our party that by the grace of God and with all hands on the deck, the brief tenancy of the APC in Aso Rock Villa expires on May 28, 2019. By this, we serve them a notice to quit.”
Secondus polled 2,000 votes to defeat Prof. Tunde Adeniran, who polled 230 votes.
Apart from Secondus, others elected at the convention are the National Deputy Chairman, South, Yemi Akinwonmi; National Deputy Chairman (North), Sen. Gamawa Garba; National Secretary, Sen. Ibrahim Tsauri; Deputy National Secretary, Dr. Agbo Emmanuel; National Treasurer, Mr. Aribisala Adewale, and Deputy National Treasurer, Alh. Wada Masu.
Also elected are Financial Secretary – Ibrahim Maibasira; Deputy Financial Secretary, Irona Alphonsus; National Organising Secretary, Austin Akobundu; Deputy National Organising Secretary, Hassan Yakubu; National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan; Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Diran Odeyemi; National Legal Adviser, Emmanuel Enoidem and Deputy National Legal Adviser, Ahmed Liman.
Others are the National Auditor, Mallam Adamu Mustapha; Deputy National Auditor, Miss Divine Arong; National Women Leader, Hajia Mariya Waziri; Deputy National Women Leader, Umoru Hadizat; National Youth Leader , Udeh Okoye; and Deputy National Youth Leader, Umar Maina.
A video of a Chicago man wielding a screwdriver while covered in blood has gone viral over the weekend.
At one point, the suspect, identified as Jeff Reyes by Media Takeout , lunges at a woman and chases a man.
In two different streams, the man holds his phone and records himself threatening to stab women with his screwdriver. Witnesses can be heard discussing three women the man had already stabbed.
Eventually, an unidentified woman with a metal pipe and several other men start to walk the man back. Chicago police then arrive and detain the man, who denies the claims witnesses make about him stabbing several women.
Later on in the video, the man records himself surrounded by many officers and patrol vehicles. He then turns the camera back on himself and captures an extreme close up of his bloody nose, mouth, chin and chest.
Several sources cited the man is affiliated with a Chicago gang, yet no additional information on his gang activity or pending criminal charges have been released.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Staff writer, with CNA
The Coast Guard Administration on Monday busted a smuggling operation in Pingtung County, seizing smuggled cigarettes estimated to be worth NT$10 million (US$332,779), the agency said on Tuesday.
Personnel from the agency's southern branch seized 160,000 packs of untaxed cigarettes from the fishing boat Chang Sheng registered in Donggang Township (東港) and arrested five crew members, including the captain, it said.
The agency said it cooperated with the Kaohsiung Harbor Police Department in conducting the raid, which came after a month-long operation following up on tip-offs and monitoring the boat's movements.
Right after the boat arrived at Donggang at about 11pm, coast guard officers boarded the vessel and conducted a search, finding the contraband cigarettes in 331 large boxes hidden on the lower deck, the agency said.
The captain, surnamed Tsai (蔡), told the officers that the fishing boat was entrusted by others to smuggle cigarettes into Taiwan, the agency said, adding that the seized cigarettes were made in China.
The agency said it has confiscated the contraband cigarettes in accordance with the Tobacco and Alcohol Administration Act (菸酒管理法), and handed over the crew members to the Kaohsiung District Prosecutors' Office for investigation.
It said it has intensified its efforts to crack down on wine and tobacco smuggling amid increasing demand ahead of the Dragon Boat Festival on June 18, which will be a three-day weekend.
Thiruvananthapuram: The Kerala government will soon unveil its new tourism policy with special focus on a 'green carpet' initiative, aimed at transforming holiday destinations into clean and hygienic surroundings with a local partnership.
Announcing this at a meet-the-press programme in Thiruvananthapuram, tourism minister Kadakampally Surendran said steps are on to make the tourist destinations 'plastic-free' and 'differently abled-friendly'.
"The LDF government is yet to announce its new tourism policy. It will be announced soon with a focus on green carpet initiative. Our aim is to implement responsible tourism in the state," he said. for
The green carpet initiative is aimed at building a sustainable destination management system in Kerala through participation and partnerships.
The initiative is aimed at transforming destinations into better places for people to visit and live in.
"We are envisaging the green carpet initiative as a comprehensive awareness campaign. It is aimed at keeping tourist destinations clean with the support of local people and village panchayats," he said.
The minister also expressed hope that the new liquor policy of the state government would help increase foreign tourist arrivals to the state and would again make Kerala a sought after destination for meetings and conferences.
"The previous UDF government's decision to close down liquor bars had adversely affected the state tourism sector," he said.
It had resulted in a fall in the arrival of foreign tourists, the minister said, adding, several conferences, to be held in the state, had also been cancelled.
Asked about job creation in the tourism sector, Surendran said the LDF government aimed at creating at least 80,000 jobs in the next two years.
For the longest time this season it looked like Tampa Bay Lightning forward Nikita Kucherov was just going to run away with the NHL's scoring title.
Suddenly, though, he has some real competition starting to breath down his neck, and it is a member of the back-to-back Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins.
No. It is not Sidney Crosby, and it is not Evgeni Malkin, either.
It is Phil Kessel.
After his three-point game on Friday night Kessel enters play on Saturday just two points back of Kucherov for the top spot.
Working against him in his quest to win the Art Ross is the fact Kucherov still has two additional games to play the rest of the way and is still averaging more points per game. That is going to make it a tough deficit to overcome, because even though the gap now is only two points, Kucherov is still on pace for 102 points this season while Kessel is on a 96-point point pace.
But working in his favor, aside from the fact that Kucherov's pace has slowed, even if only slightly as the season has progressed, is that Kessel is playing on a Penguins team that is starting to figure things out and has a power play unit that is currently ripping apart the NHL. That power play unit has the top-three power play point producers in the league (Kessel, Crosby, Malkin) with Kessel leading the way. His 33 power play points are already just two shies of the league leading total (35 for Nicklas Backstrom) a season ago.
If he manages to pull it off — and even if ends up finishing in the top-two or three — it would be another somewhat hilarious development in the second half of his career.
Just look at the player Kessel was thought to be before he arrived in Pittsburgh by a pretty significant portion of the hockey world.
For years he was stuck as the best player on a bad team (in Toronto, of all places, the worst possible city for that to be the case) and was pretty much run out of town while having his reputation sullied on the way out the door.
Even before that critics always spent more time focussing on what he didn't do as a player instead of what he does do. Colby Armstrong, his former teammate, once said the words “But when the game's on the line, if he can get a goal for you, that's about all he's gonna do.”
One of his former coaches, Ron Wilson, once said “you can't rely on Phil.”
A couple of years later it turns out that getting goals when the game is on the line is a pretty important skill, and that yes, you can, in fact, rely on Phil.
Since arriving in Pittsburgh Kessel has not only been a focal point of two Stanley Cups winning teams, he was the leading postseason scorer on one of them and should have won (let's not even say probably — let's just be honest, he should have won) the Conn Smythe Trophy.
During those two Stanley Cup ones only Crosby and Malkin had more points over the two-year stretch (they each have 46 points; Kessel has 45) while nobody has scored more goals.
Even after accomplishing all of that he was still undervalued as a player (Team USA did not think enough of him to include him on its World Cup roster) while he entered this season still facing bizarre criticism.
It had been well documented that Kessel had developed a great relationship with former Penguins assistant coach Rick Tocchet.
Once Tocchet left this summer to take over the Arizona Coyotes there was real concern as to how Kessel would perform, and if you believe one preseason column in the Post-Gazette, if the Penguins would even want him around.
That storyline has not aged particularly well.
Kessel is not only one of the league's top-two scorers at this point and having what is the best offensive season of his career, he has been the Penguins' most consistent player and arguably their team MVP. He may not be the focal point of the roster, he may not be the biggest superstar on the team, and he may not be the locker stall the media crowds around first after a game, but you can't make the argument that Kessel hasn't been doing a lot of the heavy lifting for the Penguins since arriving in Pittsburgh.
He has been doing even more this season, and even though it almost certainly will not result in him getting an MVP award — whether it be leagued or team — he may still end up adding another trophy to his collection. One that nobody has to vote on.
————
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
The rise of the FTSE 100 in recent years means that finding growth stocks at reasonable prices has become more challenging. Even after the index's fall in recent weeks, it continues to trade at what is a relatively high level. As such, unearthing growth bargains is more difficult than it has been for a significant period of time. However, Provident Financial (LSE: PFG) now seems to be worth buying after what has been a difficult period for the company. Its recent update showed that it is now making progress with its turnaround. But it's not the only growth stock that…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
The rise of the FTSE 100 in recent years means that finding growth stocks at reasonable prices has become more challenging. Even after the index's fall in recent weeks, it continues to trade at what is a relatively high level. As such, unearthing growth bargains is more difficult than it has been for a significant period of time.
However, Provident Financial (LSE: PFG) now seems to be worth buying after what has been a difficult period for the company. Its recent update showed that it is now making progress with its turnaround. But it's not the only growth stock that could be worth buying today, with another stock delivering an impressive update on Monday.
Strong performance
The company in question is integrated corporate e-learning services and technologies provider Learning Technologies Group (LSE: LTG). It reported strong 2017 results which showed a rise in revenue of 84% versus the prior year. Part of the reason for this was the company's account management approach. It has caused a broadening and deepening of client relationships, which has increased average revenue per client and driven strong organic growth.
The business was able to diversify its revenue during the year. Exposure to a wider range of geographies, market sectors and technical capabilities may mean that it has a more resilient outlook. In the current financial year it is trading ahead of market expectations and seems to be well-placed to generate further growth.
In fact, Learning Technologies is expected to post a rise in earnings of 18% in the next financial year. This puts it on a price-to-earnings growth (PEG) ratio of 1.8, which suggests that it offers good value for money. With the company having a solid track record of growth in the last three years, it seems to offer upside potential at the present time.
Recovery potential
Also offering growth at a reasonable price is Provident Financial. As mentioned, the company released an update recently which showed that it may now offer an improving outlook after what has been a difficult period.
Notably, it has raised capital in order to make provision for the FCA investigations which have been ongoing in recent months. Furthermore, it seems to be making progress in turning around the underperforming parts of its business. This seems to have changed the viewpoint of a large number of investors, since the company's stock price has gained 38% in the last month.
However, Provident Financial still offers a wide margin of safety even after its recent gains. It trades on a price-to-earnings growth (PEG) ratio of just 0.3, which suggests that it could offer upside potential. While still a long way off being fully recovered, it seems to now be on the path to a successful turnaround and could be worth buying for the long term. Although volatility may be high, its low valuation suggests that it could be one of the more attractive stocks in the index at the present time.
Jenson Button will return to racing next season but not in Formula One after spending one year too many in the sport, the Briton said on Friday.
SUZUKA, Japan: Jenson Button will return to racing next season but not in Formula One after spending one year too many in the sport, the Briton said on Friday.
The 2009 world champion raced in the 'Suzuka 1000km' endurance race earlier this year as a one off, on the same circuit as this weekend's Japanese Grand Prix.
Despite his desire to resume racing since giving up his seat at McLaren-Honda at the end of the 2016 season, the 37-year-old said that he had no qualms about leaving his Formula One career in the past.
"Do I miss F1? No, I don't," Button told reporters on Friday.
"I miss racing. I'd sort of fallen out of love a little bit with motorsport. I think that maybe I left it a year too long, racing in Formula One."
Button, who won his only world title with Brawn, raced in Formula One for 17 seasons.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He remains the last driver to have won a race for McLaren, nearly five years ago at the 2012 season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix, and has stayed on as the team's ambassador and reserve driver.
The 15-times grand prix winner made a cameo at this year's Monaco event, standing in for former teammate Fernando Alonso, who chose to skip the sport's blue riband race to compete in the Indy 500 instead.
But Button has otherwise spent a majority of his time in the United States training for triathlons.
"It's nice to have some free time and sort of look back on the last 17 years because while you're racing in F1 you don't do that," he said.
"It's been very emotional actually. It's been lovely and it's been necessary as well."
However, Button added that his Suzuka appearance earlier in the year had rekindled his love for racing, just not enough to consider competing against the likes of Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel again.
"It's been a while since I've had that feeling so I've been itching to drive anything to be fair," said Button, who also ruled out racing in the American IndyCar single-seater series and Formula E.
"So next year I'll be racing something. I don't know what yet, whether it'll be in America or in Europe or in Japan. But there are few options and I want to do a full season and take it properly seriously."
(Reporting by Abhishek Takle; Editing by Christian Radnedge)
San Antonio, Texas freestyler/backstroker Rachel Rodriguez has verbally committed to the University of Arkansas for 2018-19, where she will join Erin McGuirt, Molly Moore, and Svea Torres who have also committed to join the class of 2022.
“I'm so excited to be a Razorback! The amazing staff, team, and facilities make for the perfect athletic and academic environment for me. Woo Pig!!! 🐗❤️”
Rodriguez is a senior at Ronald Reagan High School, who helped lead her team to victory at the 2017 UIL Region VII-6A Championships with lifetime bests in the 200 free and 500 free. She swims year-round for the club team Alamo Area Aquatic Association and specializes in the longer end of the freestyle range, backstroke, and IM. She had a strong end-of-season meet in short course season at the College Station Sectionals, earning PBs in the 1000/1650 free, 200 back, and 400 IM. She placed in the top 8 of the 1000 free and 1650 free and was a B finalist in the 400 IM. Rodriguez repeated her success at Austin Sectionals this summer, going best times in the LCM 100 free, 50/100 back, 200 fly, and 400 IM. She really shone at Lewisville Futures, though, finishing 3rd in the 200 back, 4th in the 800 free, 9th in the 400 free, 16th in the 100 back, and 19th in the 200 free, earning new times in the 200/800 free and 200 back.
Top SCY times:
200 back – 2:02.16
200 free – 1:51.69
500 free – 4:57.31
1000 free – 10:11.79
1650 free – 17:14.28
400 IM – 4:29.31
If you have a commitment to report, please send an email with a photo (landscape, or horizontal, looks best) and a quote to [email protected].
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
BROWNS-STEELERS
Steelers rally, top Browns 27-24 in overtime
PITTSBURGH (AP) — The worst season in franchise history won't cost Cleveland Browns coach Hue Jackson his job.
If anything, owner Jimmy Haslam is doubling down on his bet that Jackson, general manager Sashi Brown and the rest of the front office are the right people to turn things around.
The revolving door that's been an offseason fixture since Haslam bought the team in 2012 is stopping, even after a 27-24 overtime loss to the backup-laden Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday that left the Browns an NFL-worst 1-15.
Haslam says clearly this was “not an acceptable year.”
Jackson and Brown were brought in last winter to revive a team that's 15-49 over the past four seasons.
Haslam says he “Could not be more pleased” with the job Jackson and the staff are doing.
The team's final game of 2016 looked an awful lot like the 15 that came before it: flashes of competence undone by questionable play-calling and occasionally bad luck.
The Browns fumbled inside the Pittsburgh 5 with a minute to go in regulation and had a first-and-goal at the Pittsburgh 2 turn into a field goal by Cody Parkey, extending the game.
RAVENS-BENGALS
Bengals beat Ravens 27-10 for 5th time in a row at home
CINCINNATI (AP) — The Cincinnati Bengals beat the Baltimore Ravens 27-10 for their fifth straight win at home over them.
Andy Dalton completed his first 10 passes, one of them for a touchdown. Rex Burkhead ran for a pair of touchdowns.
The Bengals are 6-9-1. They miss out on the playoffs for the first time in six years and haven't won a playoff game in 26 years, the sixth-longest streak in NFL history. Coach Marvin Lewis is 0-7 in the postseason and says he'll return in 2017.
Bengals running back Jeremy Hill was inactive with a knee injury after being listed as questionable. The Bengals already were missing receiver A.J. Green, tight end Tyler Eifert, running back Giovani Bernard, tackle Cedric Ogbuehi and guard Clint Boling. Linebacker Vontaze Burfict also was out with a concussion.
The Bengals have 15 potential free agents, including Burkhead, left tackle Andrew Whitworth and cornerback Dre Kirkpatrick.
T25-OHIO STATE-RETURNING STARTERS
Maturing starters should help Ohio State come back in '17
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — In the end, the Ohio State Buckeyes' youth and inexperience was exploited by Clemson in the desert.
On the bright side, most of the team that reached the College Football Playoff with only six returning starters will be back next year, likely including quarterback J.T. Barrett.
Barrett struggled and the play-calling was suspect on Saturday night as Ohio State was routed by Deshaun Watson and Clemson 31-0. The running game was shut down, and the only reason the beating wasn't worse was because of a tough Buckeyes defense.
Barrett said after the game it would be “really hard” to walk away after such a loss.
The Buckeyes could be dinged by some players leaving early for the NFL again but likely will be a preseason top 5 pick and make another strong run for the playoff in 2017.
A NURSE's home has been searched after police arrested a health worker over the deaths of eight babies.
SWNS MURDER PROBE: Lucy Letby's home has been searched after a health worker was arrested
Lucy Letby, 28, has had her home searched by detectives probing the deaths of 17 infants at the Countess of Chester Hospital, Cheshire. Officers are said to have arrived at the home of Ms Letby early on Tuesday. This is hours before police announced a female "healthcare professional” had been arrested on suspicion of eight murders and six counts of attempted murder. Detectives said they are also looking at 15 non-fatal collapses at the unit between March 2015 and July 2016. The arrest comes as part of a long-running investigation following a high number of baby deaths at the hospital.
Chester Hospital baby death: Lucy Letby home searched Lucy Letby, 28, has had her home searched by detectives probing the deaths of 17 children at Cheshire's Countess of Chester Hospital 1 / 7 Chester Standard / SWNS.com Lucy Letby works as a children's nurse at Chester Hospital
FACEBOOK NURSE: Lucy Letby worked at the Countess of Chester Hospital
“This is a highly complex and very sensitive investigation” DI Hughes Detective Inspector Paul Hughes, in charge of the investigation for Cheshire Police, said it represented a "significant step forward”. Police are said to have arrived at Ms Letby's home at around 6am, while officers were also seen at her parents' property in Hereford later on Tuesday. Officers have not released the identity of the arrested health worker and did not say if she is a nurse, doctor or other health professional. A neighbour of the nurse in Blacon, Chester, said: "I saw lots of police cars arrive, a few cars then a big police van, and gradually more and more came and they put up the tent."
SWNS CHESHIRE POLICE: Officers enter Lucy Letby's home in Arran Avenue
According to locals, officers moved a small, silver Suzuki car with an NHS parking permit from the driveway of the address to erect the tent. In a 2013 interview with the Chester And District Standard, Ms Letby said she cared for babies requiring various levels of support. She had worked on the unit as a student nurse during three years of training before qualifying as a children's nurse at The University of Chester in 2011. Ms Letby said she began working on the unit after graduating.
FACEBOOK PROBE: Lucy Letby's home was searched as part of the 'complex and sensitive' investigation
Detectives launched an investigation into infant deaths at the hospital in May last year, initially looking at the deaths of 15 babies between June 2015 and June 2016. On Tuesday police said the probe had widened to include a total of 17 deaths and 15 non-fatal collapses of babies between March 2015 and July 2016. DI Hughes said: "This is a highly complex and very sensitive investigation and, as you can appreciate, we need to ensure we do everything we possibly can to try to establish in detail what has led to these baby deaths and collapses." He added: "Whilst this is a significant step forward in our inquiries, it is important to remember that the investigation is very much active and ongoing at this stage." The detective said the parents of all the babies were continuing to be kept updated and are being supported by specially trained officers.
SWNS COUNTESS OF CHESTER HOSPITAL: Lucy Letby works as a children's nurse of the unit
- Advertisement -
The South Africa chapter of the Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday expressed optimism that the party would win the 2019 general elections in Nigeria.
Mr Abbey Oguntuase, Interim Chairman of the party in that country, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Pretoria, South Africa, that the party had become stronger inspite of the defection of some members.
Oguntuase, however, called on the leadership of the party to remain focused and initiate programmes to make it stronger.
“We do not believe that the defection of the former vice president will affect the fortunes of the party.
“We think that the party is stronger and ready for the elections,” he said.
- Advertisement -
Oguntuase also urged the leadership of the APC not to be distracted by the opposition, saying the party would still form the national government in 2019.
“President Buhari remains our candidate and I do not see any candidate from the North beating him.
“If you want to test the popularity of Mr President, check out the crowd that welcomed him in Kano State two weeks ago,” he said.
Oguntuase also said that the Federal Government's war against corruption was on course with the recovery of more than $2.8 billion by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission.
“I think it is in our interest as a country to support the Federal Government to win the war against corruption. We stand to reap the benefit,” he said.
The All Blacks juggernaut hit a road bump in the British and Irish Lions series but it should be back to business as usual for the world champions when they take on South Africa, Australia and Argentina in the Rugby Championship.
SYDNEY: The All Blacks juggernaut hit a road bump in the British and Irish Lions series but it should be back to business as usual for the world champions when they take on South Africa, Australia and Argentina in the Rugby Championship.
New Zealand reduced their rivals to roadkill when they took the title last year, winning all six matches with try-scoring bonus points and bookending their campaign with crushing wins in Australia (42-8) and South Africa (57-15).
The sustained pressure the Lions were able to put the All Blacks under in their drawn series in June and July would normally offer hope to the Wallabies and Springboks were not both proud rugby nations at such a low ebb.
Argentina look even less likely to beat the All Blacks for the first time and it is against the other two nations they will be targeting the two wins they want in their sixth crack at the southern hemisphere championship.
The Pumas take their quest initially to Port Elizabeth to face South Africa on Saturday after reigning champions New Zealand and Australia have opened the tournament in Sydney, the first of three Bledisloe Cups tests this season.
The Wallabies once again have the unenviable task of taking on the All Blacks in back-to-back tests at the start of their campaign and only the most optimistic of Australians are expecting a first win in six matches against their neighbours.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A wretched Super Rugby campaign when none of the five Australian teams managed a single victory over New Zealand opposition in 26 attempts sandwiched a disappointing June test window when the Wallabies were humbled at home by Scotland.
Michael Cheika remains confident the re-building process he embarked upon after reaching the final of the 2015 World Cup is on course and that his team have a genuine chance of taking possession of the Bledisloe Cup for the first time since 2003.
Australia have won just eight of their 18 tests since the World Cup final, however, and coach Cheika was not exactly spoiled for choice when he named flanker Michael Hooper his new captain last month.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen has, by contrast, been able to maintain New Zealand's extraordinary winning rate despite rebuilding his team in the wake of the departure of a handful of greats after the successful defence of the Webb Ellis Cup.
IMPRESSIVE SPINE
Beauden Barrett will lead the line from flyhalf, Kieran Read captains the side from the back of the scrum and a third World Rugby Player of the Year, lock Brodie Retallick, completes an impressive spine.
Dane Coles has the talent to join that trio in claiming rugby's highest individual prize and the hooker should play some part in the championship despite missing the opener because of a head knock.
South Africa restored some pride to the Springboks shirt in June with a 3-0 home sweep of France and some of their players have at least enjoyed some success at provincial level after the Lions reached a second consecutive Super Rugby final.
The exciting Lions outfit now provides the spine of Allister Coetzee's Springboks team even if the inspirational captain of both sides, Warren Whiteley, will miss the Rugby Championship because of a groin injury.
Coetzee still has to convince many that he is the right man to lead South Africa to the next World Cup and will be looking to harness the spirit Johan Ackermann built with the Lions in Johannesburg.
While South Africa are languishing at fifth in the world rankings, Argentina is a lowly ninth after two home defeats to a second string England side in June.
Daniel Hourcade's side are in danger of plateauing after taking a single win each of his first three seasons in charge and have yet to reap the expected dividend of having most of the squad also playing for the Jaguares in Super Rugby.
It is now 10 years since Argentina's breakthrough third place at the World Cup and, with the future alignment of southern hemisphere rugby by no means certain, the Pumas could do with making a statement or two in this Rugby Championship.
(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled that foreign corporations cannot be sued in American courts for human rights abuses overseas, refusing to revive a lawsuit claiming Jordan-based Arab Bank Plc helped finance militant attacks in Israel and the Palestinian territories.
The 5-4 decision left in place a lower court ruling that had thrown out a lawsuit brought by some 6,000 plaintiffs, including survivors and relatives of non-U.S. citizens killed in attacks, filed under a 1789 U.S. law called the Alien Tort Statute that accused Arab Bank of being the "paymaster" to militant groups.
The court ruled along ideological lines, with its five conservatives in the majority and its four liberal justices dissenting.
Only in recent years have plaintiffs sought to bring human rights claims under that obscure law.
The plaintiffs accused Arab Bank of deliberately financing terrorism, including suicide bombings and other attacks. They said Arab Bank used its New York branch to transfer money that helped Hamas and other Islamist militant groups fund attacks and reward families of the perpetrators between 1995 and 2005.
Conservative Justice Anthony Kennedy, who wrote Tuesday's opinion, said the "relatively minor connection between the terrorist attacks at issue in this case and the alleged conduct in the United States" illustrates the problems of extending liability to foreign corporations.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Noting that the case has caused significant diplomatic tension with Jordan, a U.S. ally, Kennedy said that the "political branches are in a better position" to extend that liability if they so choose.
In a dissenting opinion, liberal Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote that barring suits against foreign companies ensures that they "remain immune from liability for human rights abuses, however egregious they may be."
The lead plaintiff in the Arab Bank case was Joseph Jesner, whose British citizen son was killed at age 19 in a 2002 suicide bombing of a bus in Tel Aviv. The bank said in court papers that the U.S. government has called it a constructive partner in the fight against terrorism financing.
In a 2013 ruling, the Supreme Court did not resolve the corporate liability question when it ruled in favour of Royal Dutch Shell Plc over a lawsuit claiming the company was complicit in a crackdown on protesters in Nigeria.
That 2013 ruling narrowed the Alien Tort Statute's reach, saying claims must sufficiently "touch and concern" the United States to overcome the presumption that the law does not cover foreign conduct.
In a separate case involving U.S. citizens and brought under a different law, a New York jury in 2014 found Arab Bank liable for facilitating two dozen militant attacks in Israel.
The Supreme Court, in another case involving U.S. litigation concerning an attack overseas, ruled on Feb. 21 that Americans injured in a 1997 suicide bombing in Jerusalem cannot seize ancient Persian artifacts from a Chicago museum to satisfy a US$71.5 million court judgement against Iran. The plaintiffs had accused Iran of complicity in that attack.
The justices on April 2 refused to consider reinstating a US$655.5 million jury award won against the Palestinian Authority and Palestine Liberation Organization by 11 American families over militant attacks in Israel.
In another case, the justices on March 5 declined to take up Iranian government-owned Bank Melli's appeal of a lower court ruling that allowed victims of militant attacks allegedly backed by Iran to seek millions of dollars in compensation from the bank.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Will Dunham)
At the zoo, there are plenty of places near the exhibits that will attract both bees and people.
A Tulsa truck carrying about 15 million bees crashed in Paris, Texas likely destroying the hives.
The bees were from Roark Acres, and on their way from a farm in Texas to South Dakota when the truck overturned. A nearby restaurant, Paris Victory Gardens, shared a drone video, showing the effort to recover the bees.
Dozens of emergency workers and beekeepers responded to the scene, with firefighters spraying water onto the bees to keep them calm.
"Here's the latest 'buzz' on the truck tractor semi-trailer roll over. Roads are open and debris has been removed. There are still bees in the area and will remain in the area for some time. Beekeepers have set up a hive and will be moving a queen in to try to attract more back to the hive for removal," said Paris Police Department on Tuesday. "We train for many different hazardous material releases which occur in vehicle crashes, we don't recall one for trucks hauling bees."
Roark Acres says in spite of the help recovering the bees the hives are likely a total loss. The truck driver wasn't injured in the crash.
Drake is fuming after a recent stay at La Quinta, California's Madison Club.
“The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling #Coachella,” the rapper, 30, wrote in a since-deleted post on Instagram early Monday with a snapshot of the facility's logo.
Drake's fans are also voicing their concerns in the comments of the post — many tagging the club, whose account is private. “It should never take this level of a spotlight to assess your mandate and employee compliance,” one commenter said.
According to the Madison Club's website, it is located 100 miles south and east of Los Angeles and bills itself as an exclusive residential community for the rich and famous — including late A-listers Frank Sinatra, Liberace, Cary Grant and Bob Hope.
Drake performed at the annual music event during Future's Saturday night set.
Requests for comment from Drake and the Madison Club were not returned.
Photo: David Murphy
Is it me, or are we seeing a more disclosure for big, scary vulnerabilities that affect your system's core components? Just a week or so ago, Microsoft and Google announced more issues—Rogue System Register Read and Speculative Store Bypass—which are fancy-sounding variants of the Spectre and Meltdown vulnerabilities that have dominated the tech news cycles this year.
What does this mean for you? Well, you probably have—or will have—some updates to deal with for your CPU, likely delivered in the form of a firmware update for your system (conventionally called a BIOS update, though you're probably updating your Unified Extensible Firmware Interface, or UEFI, instead).
If that all sounds like a bunch of mumbo-jumbo, don't worry. Though a bit more complicated than a standard operating system update, you shouldn't be afraid of a BIOS update. It's actually a pretty easy process.
If you own a Mac, you win
Screenshot: David Murphy
Advertisement
Mac owners—if you're concerned that you're missing out on valuable updates that address the hardware issues you've been reading about, don't worry. As long as you're checking the App Store for system updates regularly (and you might as well tell the App Store to download them automatically via its preferences screen), you're fine. That's the best way to get updates from Apple.
If you're working on a Windows system...
Roll up your shirt sleeves. The process for updating your system's firmware isn't the worst, but it's not nearly as easy as what you'll find on a Mac. Before you start, check Windows Update. While that won't update your motherboard's BIOS, it's always a good practice to make sure you're running the most up-to-date drivers and operating system updates.
Advertisement
Screenshot: David Murphy
If you're using a laptop, head on over to its manufacturer's website and look for the support section that deals with system updates. You'll probably need to know the exact make and model of your laptop to get the right updates, which you can likely find on a sticker on the underside of your laptop. Each laptop manufacturer stashes updates in different locations on their websites, so this might require a little searching.
If you're lucky, your laptop's manufacturer offers some kind of software utility that can help you figure out what drivers and updates you need for your specific laptop. Your laptop manufacturer might also offer its own BIOS updating utility in addition to (or instead of) a BIOS update file.
Advertisement
Screenshot: David Murphy
Since there are a million different laptops and laptop manufacturers, the process of updating your BIOS can vary. If your manufacturer doesn't have a utility can that run all your updates for you, you'll want to be looking for the latest BIOS file, at minimum. Whether you then install that using a special utility, or use a tool like Rufus to make a bootable USB key and run the BIOS update out of MS-DOS, that's entirely up to however your laptop's manufacturer handles these kinds of updates.
If you're using a desktop PC, you have a few options as well. Your system's manufacturer might be the one offering the BIOS updates, which you'll find using the same techniques as a laptop owner. You might also have to hunt down your motherboard's manufacturer to get BIOS updates that way.
Advertisement
If you're not sure which motherboard you have in your system—because who remembers the minute details of a PC they built five years ago—hit the Windows Key + R, type in “msinfo32,” and look for the System Manufacturer and System Model listings. If these don't give you your motherboard exact model number, you can also use a third-party app like CPU-Z or HWInfo to help out.
Screenshot: David Murphy
Once you figure out your motherboard's manufacturer and model number, look for the corresponding support page on the manufacturer's website. Again, you'll be looking for the manufacturer's drivers page for your motherboard and, within that, either a utility that updates your drivers and firmware for you, a BIOS file, or a combination BIOS file and BIOS flashing utility.
Advertisement
From there, the process for updating your motherboard with the latest BIOS will differ. Most people will probably find themselves either running a utility directly out of windows or copying the bios file to a USB drive, rebooting their computers, jamming the DEL key (or whatever key your system uses) during POST to pull up their motherboard's BIOS, and flashing the updated BIOS from some buried menu option.
Photo: David Murphy
Again, your motherboard manufacturer should have documentation on how to best do this, so I recommend scouring their site (or doing a quick web search) for the right steps.
Advertisement
BIOS updates can be a little scary
Just a quick addendum, but BIOS updates are both simple and something you don't want to mess around with—as in, if something screws up, it's going to screw up big-time. Make sure you've backed up your important files before running a BIOS update, just in case. Make sure your laptop is plugged into the wall, not running on battery power, and do not turn off or reboot your desktop or laptop system during the update process unless the update utility tells you that it's safe to do so.
After a BIOS update, you might have to jump back into your system's BIOS—usually done by mashing a key like DEL or F2 as it boots—and reset whatever settings you previously configured. It happens.
Advertisement
Assuming that your system's manufacturer is like everyone else, you probably aren't going to have any way to find out about new BIOS updates beyond checking your manufacturer's support page for your system (or motherboard) every now and then to see what's new. Make a recurring reminder in your favorite calendar so you don't miss out on any critical performance or security updates for your system's key components.
SEOUL - Buses installed with a statue symbolising South Korea's wartime sex slaves began running through the capital Seoul on Monday, a day before the anniversary of independence from Japan's 1910-45 occupation.
Mainstream historians say up to 200,000 women, mostly from Korea but also other parts of Asia including China, were forced to work in Japanese military brothels during WWII. The plight of the “comfort women” is a hugely emotional issue that has marred ties between the two Asian neighbours for decades. Activists have in recent years set up dozens of statues - typically a young, barefoot girl wearing a traditional hanbok outfit with her hands on her knees - in public venues as a symbol of the victims.
The statues have drawn the ire of Tokyo, which has pressed for the removal of one of them outside its embassy in Seoul after Japan signed a deal with South Korea in December 2015 offering an apology and $9m to open a foundation for those sex slaves still alive.
But the city bus company said it wanted to install statues on five buses running through downtown Seoul to keep the women's memory alive.
“It is designed to remind South Koreans of suffering the women went through,” said Rim Jin-Wook, the head of Dong-A Traffic Service that organised the event.
“We wanted to urge people not to forget our painful history,” he said, adding the statues would be removed in late September and sent to other public venues for permanent display.
The buses, whenever they pass by the Japanese embassy in central Seoul, play brief explanations about the wartime sex slaves over their audio systems.
“It's so heartbreaking to see this girl statue partly because she looks about my age,” Jennifer Lee, a 19-year-old college student, told AFP.
“It horrifies me just to imagine what these women went through.”
Last month, the new South Korean government under President Moon Jae-In launched a task force to investigate potential problems in the deal with Tokyo concerning the comfort women.
Reached by the administration of ousted President Park Geun-Hye, the agreement was condemned by some of the women and activists who took issue with Japan's refusal to accept legal responsibility and questioned the sincerity of its apology.
Activists are now pushing for Seoul to designate August 14 - a day before the anniversary of the country's independence - as a state memorial day for former comfort women.
Former FBI Assistant Director Chris Swecker and former Justice Department official Robert Driscoll weigh in on Sen. John McCain's (R-Ariz.) comments on the release of the FISA memo and how the memo impacts the FBI.The information contained in the memo released by House Republicans on Friday that accused FBI and Justice Department officials of improperly obtaining permission to surveil a former Trump campaign adviser shows a tragic failure of leadership on the part of former FBI Director James Comey.But importantly, the memo does not in any way reflect on the outstanding work of the more than 35,000 dedicated men and women of the FBI.It pains me - as a former FBI executive who loves and respects the organization - to say that Comey's short tenure at the FBI has proven to be the worst thing to happen to the agency since Director L. Patrick Gray was fired during the Watergate scandal.If the facts stated in the memo are true - despite the highly political nature of congressional committees - then there was either incompetent or deliberate manipulation of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Court to get approval of the surveillance.See video here Even new agent trainees at the FBI Academy know better than to use paid opposition research and newspaper articles to support use of one of the most sensitive and intrusive surveillance techniques in the investigative toolbox. If they do use such information, the FISA judge should have been apprised of the origins of the research.FBI agents are also taught to never mislead any court of law. It's unlikely the surveillance warrant would have been issued if the FISA judge was aware that political opponents (the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee) had financed the information used to obtain approval of the surveillance.FISA applications go through extensive reviews at multiple levels of executive management at the FBI and Justice Department. They are signed by the most senior FBI and Justice Department executives before they are presented to the FISA court for approval.McCabe, enabled by Comey, created an attitude among his inner circle that flaunted well- established laws and regulations. Comey usurped the role of the Justice Department in publicly exonerating Hillary Clinton from wrongdoing in her handling of government emails when she was secretary of state.At the same time, Comey took highly conflicted Attorney General Loretta Lynch off the hook to formally recuse herself from the Hillary Clinton probe as a result of Lynch's own inexcusable and inept conduct in meeting former President Bill Clinton while his wife was under Justice Department and FBI investigation.Comey permitted leaks and allowed bias to infect two of the most important investigations ever conducted by the FBI. He clearly permitted his lead investigative agent to predetermine the outcome of the Clinton investigation, while allowing the agent's biased actions and anti-Trump texts to complicate the role of Special Counsel Robert Mueller in actually getting to the truth of Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.FBI agent Peter Strzok and FBI lawyer Lisa Page - who were carrying on a romantic affair when they traded numerous text criticizing then-candidate Trump - are now star witnesses for the defense in any indictments that come out of Mueller's office.Mueller is an honest, fair and non-political professional who took a bullet for his country as a Marine in Vietnam. He is our best chance to learn the truth. And the truth should be good enough for everyone. He served for 12 years as FBI director with many accomplishments, no terrorist attacks on his watch and not a hint of controversy.Current FBI Director Chris Wray has now taken the helm and is trying his best to right the ship. This is no time for him to resign. He has a lot to overcome in a very difficult task. He must maintain his independence from the president while navigating political controversy coming at him from every direction.Wray is very deliberately cleaning out the remnants of the Comey cabal on the FBI's 7th Floor. He has apparently been given a preview of the Department of Justice inspector general's investigation of the conduct of several FBI officials during the Clinton investigation. This inspector general is the same person who outed the Strzok and Page texts.Now information is circulating that the Republican memo made public is just the tip of the iceberg.The Republican congressional memo outlines potentially serious misconduct on the part of the Comey leadership team. Going forward, the FBI should err on the side of transparency. Director Wray should make every effort to declassify the documents and affidavit supporting surveillance approved by the FISA Court.Such information has been released before. It is better for the FBI to release the information than to have it come from a political body like Congress. Let the public decide for themselves without political spin.The American people, Congress and the president should sit back and allow Special Counsel Mueller to do his work. This nation has an interest in making sure that Russian President Vladimir Putin's intelligence thugs and mobbed-up oligarchs do not influence our political processes.It's time to find out what really happened.Chris E. Swecker served 24 years in FBI as Special Agent. He retired from the Bureau as Assistant Director with responsibility over all FBI Criminal Investigations. He currently practices law in Charlotte, N.C
A 19-year-old Palestinian man shot and critically injured by an Israeli soldier earlier Saturday in the north of the West Bank has died in hospital.
The man was shot in the head and critically wounded before he was pronounced dead at a hospital in the northern West Bank city of Jenin, according to the Palestinian Ministry of Health.
The Israeli army had carried out a military campaign in the Jenin area all day Saturday seeking to arrest Palestinians reportedly involved in killing an Israeli settler last month.
An Israeli military spokesman confirmed the campaign in the Jenin area and said that the army arrested a number of suspected Palestinians and took them in for questioning.
The Palestinian Red Crescent said that two other Palestinians were injured by live bullets. Six protesters were hit by rubber bullets and 12 suffered from tear gas inhalation.
Eight required hospitalization, the Red Crescent said.
The US Customs and Border Patrol has fined a woman $500 for not declaring she was bringing a free apple into the US that she received on her Delta Air Lines flight from Paris.Crystal Tadlock tells KDVR-TV in Denver that flight attendants had passed out the apples and she placed it in her carry-on to save for her flight from Minneapolis to Denver. Her bag was randomly searched by Customs.Tadlock says the agent asked her if her trip to France was expensive and when she said yes he told her it was about to get more expensive after charging her $500.Delta says it recommends all passengers comply with Customs regulations.Customs declaration forms ask passengers if they are bringing any fruits or vegetables into the country.
New Year's is a great opportunity to reflect on how far we've come and where we hope to go next. The trouble is, most of us then proceed to set entirely unrealistic resolutions that we ultimately fail. Here are the most common failed resolutions, and how to approach them instead.
Advertisement
This post was originally published on December 30, 2013.
New Year's resolutions are tricky. In theory, they're a great idea, but most of us make too many at once, make them too vague, or just aren't motivated. This year, do better: find a good resolution, find what steps it takes to get there, and make it easy to achieve.
“I'm Going to Lose Weight”
According to both Statista and Statistic Brain, the single most common New Year's resolution is to lose weight. It also violates two of the top rules for creating effective resolutions. For starters, “losing weight” isn't very specific. It can be five pounds or fifty. It's also an admirable goal that actually encompasses a lot of little goals, which can be overwhelming. So, if you want to make it more feasible, try aiming for those instead. For example:
Advertisement
“I'm going to log my eating and workout habits.” Forget changing your habits right off the bat. Start by observing them. By keeping a log of what you eat and how much you work out, you give yourself a framework for what to do next. From there, your goals aren't abstract and lofty, they're manageable and simple. Try one of these tools to get started.
Forget changing your habits right off the bat. Start by observing them. By keeping a log of what you eat and how much you work out, you give yourself a framework for what to do next. From there, your goals aren't abstract and lofty, they're manageable and simple. Try one of these tools to get started. “I'm going to change one thing about my eating habits each month.” Whether it follows the previous step or you do it on your own, you can start small to change your diet and build a foundation of new habits. Removing a single unhealthy food or reducing portion sizes may not seem like much, but it's practical. You can use each little change as a stepping stone to move up to newer challenges.
Whether it follows the previous step or you do it on your own, you can start small to change your diet and build a foundation of new habits. Removing a single unhealthy food or reducing portion sizes may not seem like much, but it's practical. You can use each little change as a stepping stone to move up to newer challenges. “I'm going to work out three days a week.” Everyone says they're going to start hitting the gym, but without a concrete goal there's nothing to keep you motivated. So give yourself a set number of days, and work out those same days each week. The key is to fit it into your routine and keep yourself motivated so you actually stick to it. If you need some ideas, our Lifehacker Workout might be a good place to start.
Of course, there are hundreds of small changes you can make that affect your weight. The key is to choose one or two that easy to manage. Once you get the hang of that, you can skip ahead to the last section.
“I'm Going to Spend Less and Save More”
If there's one resolution that's ripe for big promises and crushing failure, it's the vague intent to do “better” with your finances. Whether it's to “spend less money” or a promise to “save more”, here are some more specific goals you should try:
Advertisement
Sponsored
“I will create and stick to a monthly (or weekly) budget.” Instead of promising to “shop less” for the entire year, take a look at your monthly budget for January and allocate everything to a specific purpose. If you've never done this before, start with our Adult Budgeting 101 guide and track it with a tool like Mint. Then, make sure you review and tweak it is every week or month (that's the actionable part) to make sure you stick to it.
Instead of promising to “shop less” for the entire year, take a look at your monthly budget for January and allocate everything to a specific purpose. If you've never done this before, start with our Adult Budgeting 101 guide and track it with a tool like Mint. Then, make sure you review and tweak it is every week or month (that's the actionable part) to make sure you stick to it. “I'm going to set aside money automatically.” As long as you budget well, there's no need to “resolve” to save anything. You can split your direct deposits, schedule automatic withdrawals to external accounts, or use banks like Simple that allow you to slowly withdraw small amounts of money over time.
As long as you budget well, there's no need to “resolve” to save anything. You can split your direct deposits, schedule automatic withdrawals to external accounts, or use banks like Simple that allow you to slowly withdraw small amounts of money over time. “I'll cut down these three major bills.” You can refrain from getting Starbucks every day, which will save you $4-5 a day or about $100 or so a month. However, another way to save is to shave $200 off your car payment or power bill, which is stressful less frequently and can potentially yield a much higher reward. Your three biggest expenses are probably housing, transportation and food, so if you're looking to save money, start there.
The best part about financial resolutions is that they're easy to quantify. If you want to improve your finances in the new year, start by picking a number. Whether it's for the year, the month, or the day, giving yourself a specific amount of money you want to save can help narrow down your resolution to something that's specific enough to pull off.
“I Plan to Enjoy Life, Worry Less, Be Happier, Etc.”
At this point, you might be beginning to detect a pattern. Despite being vague and directionless, resolutions like “enjoy life” and “worry less” maintain top-of-the-chart status. Fortunately, they're not impractical. They just need a bit of direction.
Advertisement
“I will schedule time to worry.” You heard me. You want to worry less? Put it in your schedule. Worry is an emotion just like any other and commanding yourself to feel less of it is going to be less productive than funneling it into a healthy outlet.
You heard me. You want to worry less? Put it in your schedule. Worry is an emotion just like any other and commanding yourself to feel less of it is going to be less productive than funneling it into a healthy outlet. “I'm going to take two real vacations this year.” Especially in the United States, there is a lot of pressure to avoid taking vacations or to take very few. If your goal is to enjoy life, don't cave in. Science will even back you up. Studies show that when people spend your money on experiences rather than more crap, they report a higher rate of satisfaction.
Especially in the United States, there is a lot of pressure to avoid taking vacations or to take very few. If your goal is to enjoy life, don't cave in. Science will even back you up. Studies show that when people spend your money on experiences rather than more crap, they report a higher rate of satisfaction. “I will learn this new skill.” Gaining new abilities is not only great for personal satisfaction, it can improve other aspects of your life. It boosts your brain power and improve memory, especially for the elderly. You can even use this special tracker to keep up with your progress over the first 100 days. Once that's done, you can learn a new skill. Resolutions aren't just for January!
“I Want to Be a Better Person”
Despite being the third most common resolution last year according to Statista, it's terribly unspecific. Resolutions in general are aimed at improving yourself, so saying you resolve to “be a better person” is a bit like saying you “resolve to resolve something.” As we established earlier, specific goals are better. For example, that might include:
Advertisement
Advertisement
“I'm going to donate X% of my income this year.” Giving to charities has never been easier. For example, Amazon has a program wherein you can donate 0.5% of your purchase to a charity of your choice. You can even use this extension to always shop through that site. If you want to make a positive change for others, this is a great way to start. There are plenty of other ways to contribute to charities without spending any extra money.
Giving to charities has never been easier. For example, Amazon has a program wherein you can donate 0.5% of your purchase to a charity of your choice. You can even use this extension to always shop through that site. If you want to make a positive change for others, this is a great way to start. There are plenty of other ways to contribute to charities without spending any extra money. “I'm going to work on being less angry/more self-controlled/more attentive.” Being a “better person” is vague. “I'd really like to stop punching so much stuff” is specific. If that's your problem, learn to manage your seething rage productively. Or you can try to work on your self-control. Or improve your attention span. Whatever you do, narrow down the field.
Being a “better person” is vague. “I'd really like to stop punching so much stuff” is specific. If that's your problem, learn to manage your seething rage productively. Or you can try to work on your self-control. Or improve your attention span. Whatever you do, narrow down the field. “I will meditate once a day.” It may sound silly but meditation has a host of psychological and physical benefits associated with it. If you want to stick with the broad strokes “be a better person” goal, meditation is a great specific way to do that. It can reduce stress, improve memory, boost creativity, and plenty more. Plus, getting started is dead simple.
“My New Year's Resolution Is…”
If you get right down to it, the cynical truth is that there's nothing special about New Year's. We all collectively agree to take a look back at the past and get excited about writing the wrong year on all of our paperwork for the next month. While this is a great excuse to self-assess, the truth is that changing your ways is a year-long process and if you fail your resolution by February, you can try again in March. If you're going to set some resolutions, come prepared to track your progress.
Advertisement
“I'll create new resolutions all year long.” Instead of planning to lose 50 pounds in a year, aim to establish new eating habits by February, a new workout routine by April, drop your first 10 pounds by June, etc. In practice, you may end up doing the same thing, but by breaking it down, you make it less overwhelming and you can adapt your goals.
Instead of planning to lose 50 pounds in a year, aim to establish new eating habits by February, a new workout routine by April, drop your first 10 pounds by June, etc. In practice, you may end up doing the same thing, but by breaking it down, you make it less overwhelming and you can adapt your goals. “I'm going to sign up for a goal tracker.” While setting a dozen goals for the new year might get overwhelming, a tracker can help make sure you keep up throughout the year. Accompl.sh specializes in year-long goals by locking them in for 365 days, but if you want a bit more flexibility, you have plenty of options.
While setting a dozen goals for the new year might get overwhelming, a tracker can help make sure you keep up throughout the year. Accompl.sh specializes in year-long goals by locking them in for 365 days, but if you want a bit more flexibility, you have plenty of options. “I'm going to share my goals publicly.” Even if you don't have someone on your case about it 24/7, putting your resolutions on a public medium can increase pressure on yourself to make sure you get it done. Not only can this help you avoid vague resolutions (it's difficult to log or quantify “be happier”), but you can use social media or public trackers to look back at your progress throughout the year.
Over a decade ago, they solely depended on their husbands for everything. That is, however, a thing of the past following an initiative that brought …
Rwead more
Taipei Times: How badly was the Promised Land Resort & Lagoon (花蓮理想大地渡假飯店) affected by the earthquake on Feb. 6 that killed 17 people and injured 291 and a spate of aftershocks?
Jerry Kang (康富雄): The tremors wreaked havoc on the recreation and leisure industries in Hualien, though Promised Land Resort emerged physically unscathed.
Many guests canceled reservations and stayed away from Hualien altogether, plunging our occupancy rates from 90 percent to 30 percent over the Lunar New Year holiday.
That translated into losses of NT$20 million (US$684,908) in revenue.
Sentiment might remain soft for a while, though it has showed signs of improvement.
Our rooms are almost 100 percent sold out for the Tomb-Sweeping Festival early next month.
Assorted promotional campaigns and discounts appear to have borne fruit, but greater efforts are needed for a full-fledged recovery.
We are strengthening activity packages and service quality to woo guests.
TT: Would you discuss the resort's financial performance last year and its business prospects for this year?
Kang: We failed to make money last year because a few major storms created transportation difficulties and a persistent slump in the number of Chinese tourists intensified competition.
I have a bleak view for the tourism industry in the short term.
The earthquakes in February raised safety concerns and more time is likely needed for travelers to regain confidence.
All the bricks and mortar at Promised Land remain intact as you can see for yourself.
However, I am positive about business growth for the whole of this year.
The government has completed part of the project to upgrade the highway linking Yilan County's Suao Township (蘇澳) and Hualien County. That makes it easier to visit Hualien by car.
Construction of the other segments is due to be finish this year and next year.
Hotels in Hualien will benefit from the infrastructure enhancement. In fact, hotel operators in Hualien are looking at an occupancy rate increase of between 5 percent and 10 this year on the back of the improved infrastructure.
We previously aimed to raise our room rates by between 2 percent and 5 percent this year, and offer better packages and quality of service, but we put off the adjustments for the time being to see how the market fares following the earthquakes.
TT: How has the decline in the number of Chinese tourists affected the resort?
Kang: The property took an indirect blow from shrinking numbers of Chinese tourists, who made a big contribution to tourism revenue in Hualien due to their large presence.
Chinese tourists like to visit Taroko Gorge and other natural scenic spots in Hualien.
Lodging facilities that used to cater to Chinese tourists have shifted their attention to domestic travelers.
Domestic travelers, especially families, account for 90 percent of our clientele, while tourists from Japan, South Korea, China and other nations make up the remaining 10 percent.
The strategy adjustment means an increase in supply. Some of our competitors are engaging in cutthroat competition.
Although the economic fundamentals look healthy, the total number of inbound tourists has stagnated according to government statistics.
Hualien's hotels fail to benefit from a spike in tourists from South Korea or Southeast Asian nations because they tend to make one-day trips to Hualien.
- Purity becomes the youngest Kenyan to hold a Ph.D in Biomathematics
- Despite facing challenges being raised by a single mom she managed to pursue her education
- She undertook her masters and Ph.D after she got a scholarship
Nothing gives a community pride and joy than seeing one of their own excel in every aspect of life, such is one community in Nyeri County.
Just at the age of 28, Purity Ngina from Mbiriri Village, Kabaru location made history on Thursday, June 28, when she attained her Ph.D from Strathmore University.
Coming from a humble background, Purity received her Doctorate Degree in Biomathematics making her the youngest in the said field.
READ ALSO: After meeting President Buhari in Abuja, French President Emmanuel Macron visits Afrika Shrine in Lagos
Coming from a humble background, Purity received her Doctorate Degree in Biomathematics making her the youngest in the said field. Photo: Purity Ngina.
Purity who was raised by her single mum and could hardly afford to buy her a pair of shoes, overcame all hurdles to ensure she stayed in school.
READ ALSO: Heart-melting moment Adekunle Gold's sister bursts into tears after seeing brother's face on billboards in London
Coming from a humble background, Purity received her Doctorate Degree in Biomathematics making her the youngest in the said field. Photo: Purity Ngina.
She did her First degree in Egerton and attained First Class honors where she also won the vice-chancellors award.
Coming from a humble background, Purity received her Doctorate Degree in Biomathematics making her the youngest in the said field. Photo: Purity Ngina.
As a result of her commitment and dedication to study, she got a scholarship and studied her master's degree in Egerton where she completed and joined Strathmore for her Ph.D.
PAY ATTENTION: Get the Latest Nigerian News on NAIJ.com News App
Get the hottest gist on Naija Uncensored Facebook Group
I Dumped Law Practice to Make Creams and I Don't Regret It - Entrepreneur | Naij.com TV
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
Michael Douglas has revealed that legendary director Oliver Stone was less than impressed with his acting when they were filming “Wall Street.”
Stone originally wanted Richard Gere to play Gordan Gekko in the 1987 flick but eventually settled on Douglas despite being advised not to hire the actor.
“I was warned by everyone in Hollywood that Michael couldn't act, that he was a producer more than an actor and would spend all his time in his trailer on the phone,” Stone said.
And not being able to act is exactly what Stone blasted Douglas for when they were filming a scene in the back of a limo where Gekko brags about the size of his fortune to Bud Fox (played by Charlie Sheen).
“Oliver said, ‘How are you feeling ?'” Douglas recalled in an interview with Sunday People.
“ I said, ‘I am feeling good'. He said, ‘Michael, are you doing drugs ?' I said ‘No.' He said, ‘Because you look like you have never acted before in your life .'”
“I say, ‘Oliver, I thought it was pretty good.' Oliver wanted just a little bit more anger. And I went to town after that, I worked my ass off.”
Douglas went on to win the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in the film.
“You look back at Oliver Stones' career — Jimmy Woods in ‘El Salvador,' Charlie Sheen in ‘Platoon,' Tom Cruise in ‘Born on the Fourth of July,' Kevin Costner in ‘JFK,' Val Kilmer in ‘The Doors' — and every actor has probably given their best performance with Oliver Stone,” Douglas told Sunday People.
“Because, whether it is his Vietnam mentality, he wants you in the trenches with him.”
Bette Midler may be the new queen of Broadway, but don't expect a free ride!
The actress is currently starring in the hit-musical Hello, Dolly!, but so many of her friends are clambering for tickets, that Bette has begun to charge them!
PHOTOS: Obama, Biden & Broadway! 7 Shocking Moments From The DNC's 3rd Night
Straight Shuter‘s Rob Shuter has all the latest gossip.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Pune: At least five people were killed and two others injured in a collision between two vehicles in Pune's Lonavala town on Saturday.
The deceased include three women.
According to the police, “The mishap took place as the drivers could not control the speed and rammed into each other.”
The deceased have been identified as Pooja Gaikwad, 23, Pithla Sagadda, 21, Savita Rai, 26, Soviet Rai, 21 and Joab Mohammed, 30.
Further details are awaited.
Red Lobster, which turns 50 this year, is seeking a new creative agency, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
The seafood restaurant chain has worked with Publicis New York – formerly known as Publicis Kaplan Thaler – since 2014. Publicis was hired after Darden sold Red Lobster to private equity firm Golden Gate Capital Partners for $2.1 billion.
It was not immediately clear whether Publicis is participating in the review.
Last summer, Publicis launched Red Lobster's "Now This Is Seafood" campaign, promoting the brand's annual, limited-time Crabfest event. The integrated campaign included a partnership with Discovery Channel's "Deadliest Catch."
In January, Red Lobster announced a number of updates to its restaurants with an investment of $51 million, including new kitchen equipment, revamped mobile ordering and more. These changes came a month after Red Lobster debuted new small plate menu items, like petite lobster rolls.
The brand is also looking to expand its international footprint from 44 restaurants in nine countries and one U.S. territory to at least 1,000 locations around the world in the next 10 years.
Representatives from Red Lobster were not immediately available for comment about the creative review.
If you drive an electric car, compost your food waste and are a dedicated recycler, congratulations — you're doing your bit to protect the environment while you're at home. But what about when you travel?
Most hotels now gently nudge guests to reuse their towels and bed linens to reduce the environmental impact of their stay. But some properties are doing far more to take care of the planet.
Here are three eco-conscious hotels that you might want to consider for your next trip.
The Chelsea Hotel, Toronto
The largest hotel in Canada is trying hard to be one of the greenest. The Chelsea Hotel in downtown Toronto has 1,590 rooms and a serious commitment to environmental sustainability.
You'll spot the first indicator of that in the hotel lobby — a massive wall of greenery naturally filters out indoor air pollutants at the same time as it serves as a soothing focal point for guests. But some of the Chelsea's other sustainability initiatives are less obvious.
For example, the hotel has eliminated paper guest receipts, uses only non-toxic cleaning products and no longer offers plastic water bottles in its guest rooms — the hotel estimates the last change alone will keep four million bottles out of the waste stream every year.
As well, its kitchen ensures that used cooking oil is recycled rather than poured down the drain. It goes to a facility in nearby Cookstown, Ont. that specializes in purifying and reusing the oil for biodiesel fuel and other products.
Food waste is sent to a separate facility where it is broken down by anaerobic digestion, creating biogas that produces electricity that goes back to the provincial grid. Byproducts of that process are used as organic fertilizers.
For its efforts, the hotel has earned silver certification under the EarthCheck program, which independently monitors and advises tourism-industry companies on environmental sustainability.
The Fairmont Waterfront Hotel, Vancouver
This 489-room downtown Vancouver hotel works hard at recycling, reusing and minimizing waste.
All of the hotel's food waste is composted, with some used in a vertical composter in the rooftop garden that can grow 100 plants in one square metre. Nasturtiums, strawberries, lettuce, tomatoes and cauliflower have all been grown in the vertical garden and used in the hotel's kitchens.
Rather than having regularly scheduled waste pickups, the Fairmont Waterfront has a compactor with a built-in sensor that detects when it is 80 per cent full and automatically books a pickup, on the average of once a month.
As well, amenities like soaps and shampoos, as well as used towels and sheets, are donated for use by local shelters. The hotel also offers free parking and charging stations for electric cars, and its courtesy car for guests is an electric-powered BMWi3.
For diverting at least 90 per cent of its waste from landfills for three consecutive months, the Fairmont Waterfront recently received “zero waste” certification from the non-profit organization Zero Waste Canada.
The Brando, French Polynesia
The ultra-luxurious Brando resort on the island of Tetiaroa — once the private enclave of the late actor Marlon Brando — is serious about minimizing its impact on the delicate environment of the Tahitian islands.
Its 35 private villas and public spaces have sea-water air conditioning, which uses water pumped from the ocean floor for highly efficient but low-impact cooling.
The rest of the resort's energy needs are met by a combination of solar panels that flank the resort's private runway and a biofuel power station powered by coconut oil, which is locally produced and renewable.
The Brando is working toward a goal of making all the vehicles it uses solar-powered. Guests are provided with bicycles to get around the island if they don't want to walk or ride in a golf cart. As well, rooms are stocked with sunscreen that doesn't contain ingredients harmful to the marine ecosystem.
The resort's organic garden relies on a waste-water irrigation system, and the Brando also funds an “ecostation” where scientists can live while they research sustainable living practices.
Water moves past a car swept into the riverbank and smashed by a fallen tree is shown just off Main Street in flood-ravaged Ellicott City, Md., May 28, 2018.
David McFadden, AP
It's official: The rain that caused devastating floods in Ellicott City, Md., on Sunday was a 1-in-1,000 events.
According to a preliminary report from the National Weather Service, the amount of rain that fell had less than 0.1% chance of occurring in a given year, or something that was likely to occur once every 1,000 years.
At least 6 inches of rain fell on Ellicott City in three hours, leading to horrific floods that killed one man and ruined the small town's historic Main Street area.
This is the second such occurrence in the past two years, which the weather service called "amazing" to have "two such rare events over the same area in the last 22 months."
The previous flood, on July 30, 2016, killed two people and also did tremendous damage to the town.
The use of the term "1-in-1,000-year" rainstorm — and the fact that two such storms can occur in two years — can be confusing and controversial, as the Washington Post's Capital Weather Gang explains:
"People often fail to appreciate that when scientists declare that a storm is a 1,000-year, 500-year or 100-year event, it does not mean this extreme rainfall will necessarily happen that infrequently. These return intervals just express probabilities, which lead some to underestimate the risks they signify."
A better way to think about it is that 99.9% of the time, such an event will never happen,” Shane Hubbard, a meteorological researcher at University of Wisconsin told the Post.
NOAA/NWS Hydrometeorological Design Studies Center preliminary analysis indicates the 3-hourly max rainfall totals across Ellicott City MD area on Sunday have a 0.1% (1 in 1000) chance of occurring in a given year. Amazing...2 such rare events over the same area in last 22 months pic.twitter.com/wz1xT4XHwN — NWS Eastern Region (@NWSEastern) May 30, 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
SYDNEY: Hundreds of tourists trapped in a remote New Zealand town for 48 hours after a strong storm damaged roads were freed on Saturday after authorities cleared a highway.
About 600 tourists are now able to leave the remote town of Haast, 426 km (265 miles) northwest of Dunedin on the west coast of the South Island, a world heritage area famous for rugged scenery, after the road was cleared.
State Highway Six reopened at 11 a.m., the NZ Transport Agency told Reuters in an email.
"All stranded motorists have now been able to leave," it said.
The road was hit by landslips as wild weather from former tropical cyclone Fehi wreaked havoc across the west coast, uprooting trees, felling power lines, collapsing a bridge and blocking roads.
A further 117 motorists stranded at Fox Glacier were also able to move on Saturday after roads were repaired, West Coast Civil Defence officials said by telephone.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The storm flooded the southern city of Dunedin and the west coast town of Buller, forcing authorities to declare a state of emergency and ask people not to travel by road.
Health authorities warned people to avoid contact with flood waters that could be contaminated by sewage, Radio NZ said.
Weather forecaster Metservice said storm-damaged areas on the west coast of the South Island would get a reprieve on Saturday with sheltered, sunny weather before more rain arrives, while heavy rains were forecast for the North Island around Auckland.
(Reporting by Alison Bevege; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Grand theft, laptop: 3700 block of Normandy Drive. A man said he'd purchased a Dell laptop on May 22 and received a notification on his cellphone that day at around 1:17 p.m. telling him the computer had been delivered, though there was nothing at his doorstep. His home surveillance camera showed a gray sedan driving by his home at around 12:22 p.m. and returning about seven minutes later. A male adult wearing a light green shirt and dark pants was seen exiting the vehicle and approaching the house talking on a cellphone before leaving. The victim called UPS and was told by a representative the driver had been approached by a male adult, who produced a California ID card with the victim's personal information and address on it and asked if the driver had any packages for him. The driver produced the Dell laptop and gave it to the suspect in accordance with UPS policy. The driver recalled the man got into a dark-colored vehicle with no license plates and drove away.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
2:46 Making peppermint candy
AGRA, India: In the backstreets of Agra's Muslim quarter, where shoes have been made for centuries, small-scale manufacturers are firing workers and families cutting back on spending as a government crackdown on cattle slaughter ripples through the community.
The election of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) three years ago has emboldened right-wing Hindu groups to push harder for protection of the cow, an animal they consider sacred.
Authorities in India's most populous state, Uttar Pradesh, started closing down unlicensed abattoirs in March, immediately hitting production and sales in the Muslim-dominated meat industry.
Last month Modi's government also banned trading cattle for slaughter, including not just cows, whose killing was already outlawed in most states, but also buffalo, an animal used for meat and leather.
Now the squeeze is spreading to others in the Muslim minority and to lower-caste Hindus who cart cattle, labour in tanneries and make shoes, bags and belts - including for big name brands such as Zara and Clarks.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Frequent attacks by right-wing Hindus against workers they accuse of harming cattle have further rattled the industry.
SOCIAL TENSIONS
Much of India's meat and leather trade takes place in the informal economy, meaning the impact of the closing of illegal abattoirs and ban on trading for slaughter is hard to measure.
But cattle markets are reporting a big slowdown in trade and tanneries a shortage of hides.
Abdul Faheem Qureshi, a representative of India's Muslim Qureshi community of butchers, said in Uttar Pradesh some markets trading 1,000 animals last year were now down to as few as 100.
The decline in production means fewer jobs for two of India's poorest communities, and risks inflaming social tensions at a time when Modi has vowed to boost employment and accelerate economic growth ahead of the next general election in 2019.
Some large leather manufacturers support the Uttar Pradesh state government's move, arguing that allowing only licensed abattoirs to operate will clean the industry's image.
Bigger exporters also say they have enough leather as they source hides widely, including from abroad.
Still, millions work in the meat and leather industries, which are worth more than US$16 billion in annual sales.
When Reuters visited the narrow shoemaking lanes of Agra a crowd of Muslims breaking their Ramadan fast gathered, shouting angrily that they were no longer safe to trade buffalo, buy cow leather for shoes or to do work that their community has done for centuries for fear of being attacked by Hindu vigilantes.
"They want to weaken us. They want to snatch our bread," says 66-year-old Mohammad Muqeem, whose workers stitch US$3 shoes in his cellar, referring to the closure of slaughterhouses and recent attacks on cattle traders.
Muqeem's monthly income has halved to US$300 since last year as leather has become scarce. His dozen casual workers, down from 40, now use mostly synthetic materials.
IMPOSSIBLE TARGET
Like meat, India's leather industry has expanded rapidly in the last decade, providing relatively well-paid factory work and cash for families stitching informally in their homes.
Agra, in Uttar Pradesh, turns out a million pairs of shoes a day for domestic buyers and European labels such as Inditex-owned Zara and Clarks. An estimated 40 percent of the population of the northern Indian city, famed as the home of the Taj Mahal, depends on the industry.
Clarks said in a statement that it does not use leather from Indian-origin cows and that the small amount of buffalo leather it sources from India had not been impacted. Zara and did not respond to requests for comment.
India is one of the world's top five producers of leather, with skins coming from cows that die of natural causes or from the legal slaughter of buffalo.
Modi's government is targeting leather revenues of US$27 billion (21.14 billion pounds) - more than double today's level - by 2020 as part of a job creation push.
But in May, the government decreed that animal markets could only trade cow and buffalo for agricultural purposes such as ploughing and dairy production - a move many in the industry say contradicts its plans to grow leather sales.
India's environment minister said this week the government could amend the rule after a court temporarily stayed the order and there was widespread anger in regions where meat and leather are important to the local culture and economy.
But industry officials said the shock of the ban, coming on the heels of the crackdown on abattoirs and attacks against cattle workers, meant business would not easily recover.
Companies say the government's leather target would be impossible to meet unless the restrictions are reversed.
"There is a lot of panic in the industry after the latest order, which has come as the biggest blow," Puran Dawar, chairman of Agra-based exporter Dawar Footwear Industries, said as hundreds of workers moulded shoes on the factory floor, referring to the ban on cattle traded for slaughter.
"There are grave concerns about the supply of leather, exports of shoes and overall employment."
India's commerce ministry did not respond to requests for comment.
In Uttar Pradesh, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, a controversial Hindu priest, had made closing unlicensed slaughter houses a priority after Modi appointed him in March.
About 30 percent of hides, mostly from buffaloes, that supply tanneries in the state are from unlicensed abattoirs.
Sitting in his one-room shop in Agra's leather market, Mohammad Hashim, a burly leather dealer in his sixties, said business was down 40 percent in the last three months.
The recent scarcity of hides had hurt Hindus as much as Muslims, he said, pointing to the quiet streets outside and a Hindu man struggling to sell puffed rice snacks from his cart.
Modi's election in 2014 and a resurgence in right-wing Hindu activism have increased concerns among Muslims that their livelihoods are under attack. As a minority making up 14 percent of India's 1.3 billion people, they are generally poorer and less literate than majority Hindus.
When worshippers finishing evening prayers at the Mughal-era mosque in the shoemaking quarter of Agra are asked whether the chief minister handpicked by Modi is to blame, one of the Imams thunders: "Modi is to blame. He is targeting Muslims."
In an interview with Reuters, Chief Minister Adityanath rejected accusations the BJP had targeted any specific group.
"Illegal slaughterhouses operated across the state and many big and small leather traders were buying raw material at cheapest rates from unlicensed slaughterhouses to maximise profits," he said in Lucknow, the state capital.
WIDER INDUSTRY HIT
In the industrial city of Kanpur, 250 km (155 miles) east of Agra, tanneries processing buffalo skins are reporting job losses as the availability of hides dries up.
Nayyar Jamal, general secretary of Kanpur's Small Tanners' Association, reckons as many as 400,000 employees in Kanpur's leather and related industries are temporarily jobless, including some laid off because of environmental curbs on tannery pollution. Supplies of local hides have dropped by 20 to 30 percent.
Qureshi, from the butchers' organisation, estimates that 3.5 million employees in Uttar Pradesh alone have been directly hit.
"More than the economic loss, the government has injected fear," said Chandra Bhan Prasad, a writer and businessman from the Dalit community, as those at the bottom of Hinduism's social hierarchy once called "untouchables" are known. Dalits and Muslims often work in trades that higher-caste Hindus traditionally consider beneath them.
Tannery owner Mohammad Ikram said he was only able to procure 4,000 hides a month - down from 25,000 - because even truckers transporting legally obtained cow or buffalo hides fear attacks from vigilantes. He has a month's inventory left, and when that runs out he will have to start shedding staff.
Shahnawaz Qureshi, a wage labourer stuffing synthetic shoes into plastic bags in Muqeem's cellar in Agra, lost his last job after his employer could no longer afford leather.
He now earns 3,000 rupees - or US$47 - a month, down from 4,500 in his previous job, and together with his father's income supports three sisters and his mother.
"I decided to sign up for this job despite the fact that I earn reasonably less here," he said.
(Additional reporting by Rupam Jain in LUCKNOW, Sonya Dowsett in MADRID; Editing by Douglas Busvine and Alex Richardson)
Oklahoma's Attorney General has charged a mother and daughter with Medicaid fraud after authorities say they submitted false claims.
In a news release, Mike Hunter says his Medicaid Fraud Control office filed the charges against 43-year-old Heather Doss of Tulsa and her mother, 59-year-old Lexie Batchelor of Atoka.
Batchelor is charged with three counts of Medicaid fraud and one count of identity theft, and Heather Doss is charged with one count of Medicaid fraud and one count of identity theft.
According to court documents, between 2010 and 2016, the two were submitting false claims to the Oklahoma Health Care Authority.
The news release goes on to say Batchelor and Doss are accused of fraudulently using client Medicaid identification numbers to submit false claims. Hunter says agents found 197 client identities fraudulently used to submit claims.
ISLAMABAD - President Mamnoon Hussain and China's Vice Prime Minister Wang Yang have agreed that cooperation between Pakistan and China would continue for regional peace, progress and stability.
The consensus between the two leaders was reached during a meeting at the Aiwan-e-Sadr, Islamabad on Monday, which was also attended by delegations from both sides.
The two leaders resolved that both countries would continue to work together for development and prosperity of humanity.
They also emphasised early completion of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
Extending gratitude to the visiting dignitary for participation of a high-level delegation from China to mark the 70th Independence Day celebrations of Pakistan, the president said that that reflected both countries enjoyed cordial relations.
He stated that both countries stood by each other in hours of happiness and sorrow, which was an example for the world.
Expressing concern over recent violation of territorial integrity of China by India, the president noted that the patience demonstrated by China was commendable.
Mamnoon Hussain underlined that Pakistan supported China on all important issues including Taiwan, Tibet, Xinjiang and the South China Sea.
The president said that Pakistan would continue to work for elimination of terrorism with the cooperation of China.
He praised the role of China for peace in Afghanistan.
“We expect that these efforts will bear positive results and the issue will soon be resolved”, Mamnoon added.
He underscored that Pakistan desired to resolve all outstanding issues with India through dialogue including the issue of Jammu and Kashmir.
The president said that he was looking forward to an early visit by prime minister of China to Pakistan.
Speaking on the occasion, Wang Yang, vice premier of State Council of China said that the Pak-China friendship was above political considerations and interests.
He stated that Pakistan had done well in the fight against terrorism according to its circumstances due to which the situation in Pakistan was much better than other countries of the region.
The Chinese vice premier said that China would continue to extend cooperation to Pakistan in this regard.
He commended the speech of President Mamnoon Hussain during the flag-hoisting ceremony and said it would promote national unity and expedite the pace of national progress.
The visiting dignitary added that increase in economic cooperation between the two countries was encouraging and hoped that the volume of bilateral trade would continue to enhance steadily.
Noting the existing imbalance in trade between the two countries, he stated that Pakistan's exports to China would be enhanced.
Terming the cooperation of Pakistan with China on various international and regional matters a “valuable asset”, he said that Pak-China friendship was an example for the world.
Our Staff Reporter
SEOUL: South Korea's President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday (Aug 15) there will be no military action upon the Korean peninsula without Seoul's consent and that the government would prevent war by all means.
"Military action on the Korean peninsula can only be decided by South Korea and no one else can decide to take military action without the consent of South Korea," said Moon in televised comments.
The president was making an annual speech to commemorate the 72nd anniversary of the nation's liberation from Japanese military rule that began in 1910 and ended in 1945.
"The government, putting everything on the line, will block war by all means," Moon said.
Previous presidents before Moon, who took office in May, have traditionally made North Korea the core of their speeches, mainly focusing on policy to engage Pyongyang.
Moon also urged the North to come to the dialogue table, saying sanctions against Pyongyang aim only draw it out to talks.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I call upon the North Korean government: without international cooperation and co-existence economic development is impossible," said Moon. "If you continue on this path there will only be international isolation and a dark future."
Tension on the Korean peninsula has increased in recent months over concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon.
North Korea and the United States exchanged threats of military action last week, with Pyongyang saying it will develop a plan to fire missiles to land in waters near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
Earlier on Tuesday, North Korea said it would keep fire-ready regarding its Guam plans while watching the actions of the United States for a while longer.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio law requiring that patients be informed of costs before receiving non-emergency medical treatment has been delayed from taking effect amid a pending lawsuit.
The Dayton Daily News reports (http://bit.ly/2iIrGHn ) a Williams County judge recently issued a 30-day restraining order and scheduled a hearing for Jan. 20.
Patients would have to receive written estimates on how much their insurer would be charged for each procedure, test or service. They would also be required to know how much their insurers would cover.
Associations representing hospitals, doctors and other health care providers are among those joining the suit. Health care industry opponents of the law say it adds bureaucracy and could delay patient care.
The office of Gov. John Kasich (KAY'-sik) says it doesn't discuss pending litigation.
___
Information from: Dayton Daily News, http://www.daytondailynews.com
A southeast Oklahoma City man is accused of taking out ads offering a safe haven for illegal immigrants. But police said in at least one case he molested one of the children in his care.
Police said an illegal immigrant staying with 59-year old Jose Benites saw him molesting her 5-year old daughter in his home on Southeast 20th Street in Oklahoma City. She was afraid to call police because of her immigration status, but she called her pastor at a church down the street and he called authorities.
Moses Sosa went to church with the woman. According to Sosa, Benites kept her "like a slave."
"She used to work in the mornings for him and do whatever he wants. Everything. We thought that was his wife but no. She just does everything for him," Sosa said.
Lenzy Myers lives right across the street and her children used to play with the 5-year old victim. She's afraid Benites has done this before.
"We saw different women that he was letting stay with him at his house and I said to my husband it's weird that it's always women and children," Myers said.
News 9 knocked on Benites' door. No one answered and the windows are all covered with curtains or old doors.
"Now I'm wondering has he been watching my kids? You know what I'm saying?” Myers said, “Yeah. I want him out of the neighborhood. That would be best."
Sosa added, "That's a monster. He's taking advantage of people that can't call the police. And kids."
Benites is free right now on 15-thousand dollars bond.
Stock Markets Downshift Into Neutral
NEW YORK (AP) — Stock markets around the world downshifted into neutral on Tuesday, and U.S. indexes were close to flat in early trading. Bond yields were also steady, while the price of oil rose.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 dipped by 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,325 as of 9:56 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 20 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,392. The Nasdaq composite lost 7, or 0.1 percent, to 5,757. The Russell 2000 index of smaller U.S. stocks fell 5, or 0.3 percent, to 1,388.
Roughly three stocks fell for every two that rose on the New York Stock Exchange.
TAKING A PAUSE: Indexes are stalling following a strong run driven by stronger-than-expected corporate earnings, an improving economy and expectations for more help for businesses from Washington. On Monday, the S&P 500 rose for the fifth straight day and set a record. It's up 8.6 percent since Election Day.
YELLEN WATCH: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will testify before a Senate committee on Tuesday, and investors are hoping for clues on the direction of interest rates. The central bank raised rates in December for just the second time in a decade. Most investors expect more increases in 2017, but only at a modest pace.
The economy continues to strengthen, which gives the central bank more leeway to raise rates.
INFLATION GAUGE: Inflation has been low across the world for years, but a sharp pickup could force the Federal Reserve into raising rates even more quickly. A government report on Tuesday showed that inflation at the wholesale level was 1.6 percent in January, compared with prices a year earlier. That was in line with economists' expectations, who say overall inflation appears to still be in check.
BOND YIELDS: The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held steady at 2.43 percent, while the 30-year Treasury yield ticked higher to 3.04 percent from 3.03 percent late Monday.
GLOBAL MARKETS: Stocks were relatively steady across the world. In Europe, the German DAX index dipped 0.1 percent, while the French CAC 40 and British FTSE 100 each edged up by 0.1 percent. In Asia, the Hang Seng index in Hong Kong was close to flat, while the South Korean Kospi index dipped 0.2 percent and the Japanese Nikkei 225 index fell 1.1 percent.
COMMODITY REBOUND: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 64 cents to $53.56 per barrel. A day earlier, it had lost 93 cents. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 75 cents to $56.33 per barrel.
Natural gas fell a penny to $2.93 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold rose $8.20 to $1,234.00 per ounce, silver added 16 cents to $17.98 per ounce and copper slipped a penny to $2.77 per pound.
CURRENCIES: The dollar held steady at 113.62 Japanese yen. The euro rose to $1.0616 from $1.0600 late Monday, and the British pound dipped to $1.2471 from $1.2529.
___
STAN CHOE , AP Business Writer
AP Business Writer Elaine Kurtenbach contributed from Tokyo.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Jimoh Moshood, spokesman of the Nigeria police force, on Tuesday, July 4, who reacted to the killing of seven officers in Abuja saying that the occorrence had shown the need for the special anti-robbery squad (SARS)
The Cable reports that Moshood said efforts were in place to arrest those who killed the officers in the line of duty.
NAIJ.com gathered that he said the force would not leave any stone unturned in bringing the perpetrators to book.
READ ALSO: Oshiomhole is coming too late, aggrieved members are leaving - Shehu Sani
According to him, “The killing of the policemen goes a long way to prove that the call for the disbandment of the SARS is not justified.”
PAY ATTENTION: Read the news on Nigeria's #1 new app
Prior to the tragic incident, residents of Galadimawa raised security concerns in the area.
Meanwhile, NAIJ.com had reported that seven policemen killed and many civilians injured when unknown gunmen opened fire on them in Abuja on Monday night, July 2.
The policemen were said be on a stop-and-search duty operation at Galadimawa roundabout, a suburb in Abuja.
A resident of the community who confirmed the incident but spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the gunmen were stopped for search when they opened fire on the unsuspecting policemen which led to the death of seven while one was seriously injured.
The gun battle led to many pedestrians and traders around the roundabout running for safety while many sustained various degrees of injuries.
If any police officer misbehaves with you, call any of these numbers - on NAIJ.com TV:
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
Polar Capital Holdings (LSE: POLR) slipped back in Monday business following the release of half-year numbers, though a 2% decline is not indicative of a shocking statement. Indeed, the London company?s results were pretty impressive. Assets under management (AUM) as of September marched to £10.6bn, a £1.3bn improvement from six months earlier. Polar Capital said that this was thanks to ?net fund inflows of £820m together with market uplift and fund performance of £510m.? Pre-tax profit climbed to £11.8m in the six months to September, up from £8.5m a year earlier. And the sunny result prompted an upgrade in the interim…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Already a subscriber to our paid services (e.g. Share Advisor, Pro, Hidden Winners)? Please login here .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Polar Capital Holdings (LSE: POLR) slipped back in Monday business following the release of half-year numbers, though a 2% decline is not indicative of a shocking statement.
Indeed, the London company's results were pretty impressive. Assets under management (AUM) as of September marched to £10.6bn, a £1.3bn improvement from six months earlier. Polar Capital said that this was thanks to “net fund inflows of £820m together with market uplift and fund performance of £510m.”
Pre-tax profit climbed to £11.8m in the six months to September, up from £8.5m a year earlier. And the sunny result prompted an upgrade in the interim dividend to 6p per share from 5.5p in fiscal 2017.
Celebrating the results, chief executive Gavin Rochussen said: “Fund performance has improved and it is pleasing to report that, in the nine months to 30 September 2017, performance across our fund range has been largely ahead of respective fund benchmarks.”
And Polar Capital has continued to rake in business, Rochussen commenting: “The outlook… for the remainder of the financial year is encouraging with continued momentum in flows and fund performance in the months following the reporting period.” Assets under management improved to £11.4m as of the end of November.
Vast yields
Today's results underline why City analysts expect Polar Capital to deliver brilliant earnings growth in the immediate term and later.
For the 12 months to March 2018, the business is expected to record a 45% earnings improvement, and in fiscal 2019 it is anticipated to report a 13% increase.
And with earnings expected to rise this year for the first time in several years, Polar Capital is predicted to get dividends marching skywards again (it has held the full-year payment at 25p per share since 2014).
This year the number crunchers are expecting a 26p reward, and next year a 28.1p dividend is expected. And as a consequence, the AIM company boasts enormous yields of 5.5% and 5.9% for fiscal 2018 and 2019 respectively.
With assets steadily rising thanks to a positive trading backdrop and Polar Capital's ever-expanding range of products, I reckon the share is a great pick for both growth and income chasers, and particularly given its ultra-cheap forward P/E ratio of 15.3 times and a corresponding PEG reading of 0.3.
Big dividends
Jupiter Asset Management (LSE: JUP) is another business offering robust earnings and dividend growth.
Supported by City expectations of an 18% earning rise in 2017, the FTSE 250 giant is expected to pay a 30.2p per share dividend, resulting in a 4.9% yield.
And with a further 9% earnings advance pencilled in for next year, Jupiter is predicted to lift the dividend to 32.4p, nudging the yield to 5.3%.
To complete the set, just like Polar Capital, I believe that Jupiter is also a steal at current prices. Of course a prospective P/E multiple of 17.7 times is hardly compelling, but a corresponding PEG readout at the bargain watermark of 1 certainly is.
And I am confident the financial giant has what it takes to deliver excellent long-term shareholder returns. AUM at Jupiter sprang to £48.4bn as of September from £46.9bn just three months earlier, thanks in no small part to its broadening product suite and the vast investment it is making across its operations.
A local resident is walking on water in training for the Hastings Half Marathon where he hopes to raise a stack of cash for the RNLI.
Stand up Paddleboarder (SUP) and president of paddleboarders, kayakers and surfers at Hastings Rowing Club, Graeme Williams says paddleboarding great exercise for the Hastings Half Marathon. “I spend a lot of time out on the sea as a Stand Up Paddleboarder,” he said. “Whether it's catching the surf or paddling along our beautiful coast.
Graeme Williams, paddleboarding at Hastings SUS-170214-095654001
“I'm a SUP racer, so the sea is the perfect training ground.
Graeme says he's taking the half marathon challenge for The RNLI Hastings because of the huge community that use the sea; fisherman, paddleboarders, surfers, kayakers, swimmers, Hastings Rowers, sailors, power boat users, swimmers etc. “My daughters Florrie and Orla are also very keen to Paddleboard. Florrie, spent some time on the water last Summer.
“We're incredibly lucky to have the dedicated, hardworking Lifeboat crew on standby in case we ever need them.
“A fellow paddleboarding friend is a volunteer at the Lifeboat Station so I'm well aware of how much effort and time they put in to be able to provide their amazing service.”
Graeme, 39, lives with his family in St Leonards and says he hasn't run for quite a few years, adding: “So I have a lot of training to do prior to the Hastings Half Marathon!”
All the money Graeme raises will be directed to Hastings Lifeboat Station.
To donate to Graeme's Just Giving page visit: Graeme Williams Hastings Half Marathon RNLI Hastings.
Posted by Josh Alper on February 15, 2017, 9:40 AM EST
Chargers head coach Anthony Lynn took a job as an assistant under Rex Ryan with the Jets in 2009 and remained a key part of Ryan's staffs right up to the point when he became the interim head coach when Ryan was fired by the Bills last year.
Working for Ryan as an assistant head coach prepared Lynn for his promotion “by helping me see the big picture,” but Ryan's personality didn't change the way Lynn approaches the job. Lynn said he doesn't have the same kind of closeness in his relationships with players that Ryan developed over the years and that he has gotten “the most out of [players] because of fear.”
“I would never call myself a players' coach,” Lynn said, via ESPN.com. “But I think the real players, they crave the discipline. They crave the accountability, and that's what I'm going to hold you to. We're going to operate that way. And guys that don't like it, they won't be around.”
Lynn did say that he feels more balanced after working for Ryan and that he feels neither a players' coach nor a dictator-type coach can survive for a long time because players wind up tuning them out. That may be the case, but the trait shared by most long-term coaches is that they win a lot more than they lose as a record like that lessens most personality concerns.
Android Wear finally received some Oreo features and enhancements earlier this month. Some of the changes include notification vibration strength setting, new touch lock option for wet conditions, battery saving background limits, and notification channels. New languages and countries are also now supported: there's Dutch (Belgium), Czech (the Czech Republic, Spanish (El Salvador, Honduras, and Paraguay), English (Nigeria), and Portuguese (Portugal).
The LG Watch Sport was the first model that received the update even before the official software update rolled out. More wearables are ready to be updated to Android Oreo 8.0 as well. There's the Michael Kors Sofie Montblanc Summit, Michael Kors Sofie, Fossil Q Venture, and Louis Vuitton Tambour.
More smartwatches are getting the Android Wear Oreo 8.0 update from several brands like Casio, Diesel, Emporio Armani, Fossil, Guess, Huawei, Misfit, Mobvio, Nixon, Tag Heuer, Tommy Hilfiger and ZTE.
Here's a long list of those watches that can be upgraded: Casio PRO TREK Smart WSD-F20, Casio WSD-F10 Smart Outdoor Watch, Diesel Full Guard, Emporio Armani Connected, Fossil Q Control, Fossil Q Explorist, Fossil Q Founder 2.0, Fossil Q Marshal, Fossil Q Wander, Gc Connect,Guess Connect, Huawei Watch 2, Hugo BOSS BOSS Touch, LG Watch Style, Michael Kors Access Bradshaw, Michael Kors Access Dylan, Michael Kors Access Grayson, Misfit Vapor, Mobvoi Ticwatch S & E, Movado Connect, Nixon Mission, Polar M600, TAG Heuer Tag Connected Modular 45, Tommy Hilfiger 24/7 You, and ZTE Quartz.
SOURCE: Android Wear Help
Ndaba Gaolathe, leader of the newly formed Alliance for Progressives (AP)- a splinter political party that recently broke away from Botswana Movement for Democracy (BMD), carries a heavy responsibility on his tiny shoulders.
He has to lead the party into the 2019 general elections.
But with barely a year to go, ‘The Herdboy” as he's popularly known to his followers, knows that leading his flock to the promised land will not be easy, especially without his former partners in the coalition- the Umbrella for Democratic Change (UDC).
Whilst his immediate priority is to embark on a consultative process to sell the party to the masses, Gaolathe says he does not rule out the possibility of renegotiating with the UDC for the much-needed coalition ahead of the general election.
This week the AP leader had a chat with The Voice Reporter SHARON MATHALA about the formation of the new party and its journey into the future.
Q. Why the Alliance for Progressives of all names?
It is a confluence of groups, stakeholders, communities which also includes people who were in the BMD and those who were political but not active.
It also includes workers and churches. By the word ‘Alliance' we were looking for something that will reflect that we are not a single group.
Progressives' movement in formal historical terms is a movement that is very passionate about reform, restructuring and rebirth.
We are also part of that mindset that Botswana as a country has achieved certain things but there is need to catapult to the next level.
Q. What lessons have you learnt both as an individual and as a party president from the BMD misfortune?
I learnt a lot of things, but the one thing is that there is nothing you can achieve without the people.
Anything that does not have the blessing of the people cannot succeed. I have also learnt that there is no guarantee what tomorrow brings.
Q. In 2014 you had the famous tag line ‘victory is certain', do you still feel victory will be certain come 2019.
Victory is still certain. Victory is not just about winning the election, It's not only about getting numbers at the ballot box.
It is largely about standing up for what you believe in.
I believe our people have stood out for what they believe is the truth, what they believe will bring change for the lives of our people.
Q. When you announced that you will be forming a new party, you mentioned that there was still room for negotiations between yourselves (AP) and the UDC, when do you think you will be ready to have those talks?
I would not know when we will be ready to have talks with the UDC.
What I do know is that this is an unfolding narrative and journey.
We can't actually say there is going to be a date for the negotiation.
I do however know that for the next year we will be engaged in the party's convention, followed by launching the party to the rest of the country.
There is a lot of work we will be doing over the next year.
If we go into negotiations now we won't know what to say to the UDC should we end up at the negotiating table.
I'll give it a year so that we settle down in terms of establishing structures.
Q. Were you disappointed with the recommendations made by the UDC after the mediation attempt?
We need to accept that the UDC leadership had to make a decision. Let's take the power sharing recommendation for example.
The fact that we did not buy into it means that we did not want to contest it, making life easy for the UDC in terms of positions to say who the Vice President is, who the Coordinator is and so on.
In fact the UDC should appreciate that we did not block anyone, we did not fight.
Q. But did the outcome or the recommendations by the UDC possibly affect your relations with the UDC President?
(giggles) I think everything affects relationships along the way.
Q. Critics say the formation of the new party is typical of political leaders to not want to compromise by power hungry political leaders. Your take?
I disagree. I believe it is an act of balance between compromise and not selling your soul.
Part of it is to navigate what truly constitutes compromise and the selling of who you are.
What is fundamental here is the idea of the basic value system of honesty, integrity and respect of the people.
We do not believe that there was or is genuine political difference; we believe there is something fundamentally at stake which is the idea of the basic value system.
We could have compromised and done all the things we were asked to do that would have been seen as a compromise.
But in doing that we would have let go of our values just for the sake that we make 2019 and probably win government.
But at the end of the day the people would have been able to see that we had sold the foundation of who we are.
It was not a refusal to compromise but a refusal to sell ourselves off.
Q. Do you see a change in Government come 2019.
Yes, yes I do.
Q. The BMD has maintained that they will keep the constituencies allocated to them by the UDC, which means for your constituency, it belongs to them, how will that pen out?
We still have a journey. The AP might for strategic reasons not run for all the 57 constituencies, but then again we may just run for all of them.
We may also consider leaving constituencies in which we believe the UDC candidates match the standard and meet the vision and type of representation.
Time will tell really, there is a whole host of arrangements.
Catelynn Lowell entered rehab on November 17 and then weeks later on January 17 for suicidal thoughts after suffering a heartbreaking miscarriage. In a Teen Mom OG sneak peek, cameras were rolling when Tyler Baltierra‘s wife got a visit from their daughter.
In the video, Baltierra asked the 3-year-old, “Are you ready to go see mama?”
Although Nova seemed excited to see her mother for the first time in weeks, she asked about playing with the rehab center's horses instead!
“I want to go see the horses,” she said, as Lowell responded, “I figured you would! As soon as you see them I wouldn't exist.”
PHOTOS: Tyler Baltierra's Dad Caught On Beer Run Despite Battling Substance Abuse Issues
When Lowell asked her daughter for a kiss, she said, “I want to go see them!”
During Lowell's time in rehab, Baltierra shared with fans how difficult her absence was on him and their daughter.
He posted a video of his daughter asking for her mother.
“Mommy is going to feel better,” she said. “I love my mommy. I want my mommy.”
PHOTOS: Who Cried, Who Wasn't Invited: 10 Behind-The-Scenes Secrets Of ‘Teen Mom OG' Stars Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra's Big Wedding!
Baltierra captioned the sad video, “This is literally the worst part of Cate not being here. I have to have this conversation with her almost every day. This is the stuff nobody understands. Crying in the dark has become part of the norm for me now it feels like.”
In a second video, Baltierra cried over his daughter begging for her mother, who is currently in rehab for depression.
“Sometimes you just don't even know what to say to your children,” he said. “I don't ever cry in front of Nova or anything because I don't want her to feel any of that. You have good days and then you have bad days. Today is just a bad day.”
It was revealed on an episode of Teen Mom OG that Lowell suffered a miscarriage only days before entering rehab.
Watch the video above for more. Teen Mom OG airs Mondays at 9/8c on
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
The Lassen College men's soccer team played their first conference game at home Tuesday, Sept. 26 against the Lake Tahoe Coyotes.
The Cougars have been working hard throughout the non-conference season, and the hard work clearly paid off, as the final score was a 3-0 win for Lassen.
Tension on the field was high throughout the game as the men's team's first priority was shaking off the sour luck that had plagued the field from the women's game played prior to the men's.
Though it took a majority of the first half for the Cougar men to find themselves in sync with one another, the time spent was not time wasted. By the start of the second half, Lassen was in great shape and the Coyote goal seemed to beg for some action. Thus the three goals were scored.
In the first half, Lake Tahoe attempted a goal, but Coyote cheers turned into muffled curses as the goal was not credible.
Daudi Amour made his first shot on goal nine minutes into the game, but the Coyote goalie was quick to catch the ball.
Soon afterward, Lake Tahoe attempted to score again, but Cougar keeper Jordan Brown dove to the left corner and kept the ball out of the net.
Twelve minutes into the game, Adolf Bitegeko attempted to shoot a goal straight on, but again the Coyote goalie was too quick to fool.
After a solid 20 minutes of game play, one of the Coyote forwards received a yellow card for his constant use of shoving and sliding side tackles. The justice caused the hoard of Cougar fans to cheer more loudly than any point prior in the game.
Brown blocked a shot on goal with less than 20 minutes remaining of the half; then, 10 minutes later, Brown leapt into the air and blocked another shot on goal by using his fingertips to launce it 12 feet in the air.
Things truly started heating up in the final seven minutes of the half as Carlos Cusatis sprinted down the field while constantly dribbling the ball until the tricked the Coyote keeper to abandon the goal. Cusatis tried to take advantage of the opportunity, but after both players slid on the ground, the Coyote managed to recover just quick enough to recover the ball and foil Cusatis' plans for a goal.
With less than three minutes remaining on the clock, Lake Tahoe made a strong shot on goal that was too quick for even Brown to defend. However, Cougar player Gabriel Gaitto appeared prepared for the attack as he found himself perfectly positioned in front of the goal to send the ball flying defensively.
When the whistle for halftime blew, the score was still tied at 0-0.
In the second half, the Coyotes attempted to gain control of the game with a shot on goal in the first two minutes. However, Sean Lynch proved himself a valuable defender as he blocked the shot and sent it back to Coyote territory.
Five minutes later, Cusatis eagerly tried to make up for lost time by breaking away from the crowd with the ball and easily gaining 30 yards for the Cougars via dribbling.
The Cougars made another shot on goal, but the first goal was yet to be scored.
Growing impatient with the tie on the board, the Cougars tried a different strategy with the focus on Lassen's defense.
Keeping the ball in Cougar territory, Lynch, Gifanho Lubaki and Brown passed it in a triangle-like formation until assessing which sideline would be most advantageous for the attack.
Lassen then rushed the ball down the sideline until Lucca Lima shot a goal with assists from Amour and Cusatis; the score rose to 1-0, Cougars, with less than 35 minutes remaining of the game.
With one goal made, the Cougars seemed even hungrier for another. However, so did the Coyotes.
Three minutes after the goal, the Coyotes attempted to score, but Brown was too quick. Lake Tahoe ultimately earned a corner kick and saw the ball curve into the goal, but a headbutt from Lynch sent the ball flying away of the danger zone.
With 25 minutes remaining, Bernardo Lima made a shot on goal with four Coyote defenders in his way. Gaitto followed up by recovering the ball and shooting toward the goal, but the attempt was also unsuccessful.
Four minutes after the most recent scoring attempts, the rowdy Coyote was red carded, thus allowing the game to continue without as many shoves and bruises.
In the final 10 minutes, Lubaki made an incredible save for the Cougars by diving to shoot the ball away from the Lassen goal. With the score still 1-0, both teams were well-aware that it was anyone's game.
Dissatisfied with the possibility of losing the lead, the Cougars worked together in an amazing show of teamwork until Bernardo Lima kicked the ball into the goal from a corner shot made by Bitegeko.
With two goals on the board for Lassen and less than five minutes remaining, the first game of the conference was looking good for Lassen.
Unfortunately for the Coyotes, once the Cougars boarded the success train, there likely wasn't going to be a stop in the near future.
Two minutes after the second goal, Cusatis broke away from the hoard of players and with an assist from Bernardo Lima, he scored the final point of the game.
The 3-0 score certainly was a great way to start conference. Hopefully, the Cougars will continue to dominate on the field all season long.
Head coach George Kee commented, “This was our first home game at conference. We had a pretty tough preseason with ups and downs, but it felt good to start conference with a win.”
The next conference game for the Cougars will be held today, Tuesday, Oct. 3 at Butte. Fans can catch the men play at home this Friday, Oct. 6 against Shasta.
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Friday said petrol and diesel should be brought under the GST regime to prevent excessive profiteering.
He said he hoped Prime Minister Narendra Modi would see the “GST mess” from the “prism of the suffering people” rather than electoral interests.
In a series of tweets coinciding with a Goods and Services Tax Council meeting during the day, Rahul Gandhi said there was a need to correct a “distorted” structure concerning textiles.
He also took a dig at Modi over his description of GST as ‘good and simple tax' and said ‘one nation, seven tax' should be made simpler and the processing of filing of returns made easy.
The Congress leader said agriculture was in deep distress as agricultural equipment was taxed under the GST.
“Wish Modi-ji viewed economic slide and GST mess from the prism of solving (sic) the suffering of people than furthering electoral interests.
“Then, the first step would be to bring petrol/diesel under the GST to prevent excessive profiteering from common man as GOI (government of India) alone earns Rs 273,000 crore.”
“Textiles — second biggest job generator yearns for correcting distorted GST structure. Traders, MSMEs, small businesses suffer and cronies profit,” he said.
He also tweeted: “Agriculture in deep distress as pesticides, fertilisers, tractors, agricultural equipment, cold storage and warehouse construction taxed under GST.”
“Time to correct the ‘one Nation, seven Tax, multiple form filing and draconian power of taxman. Make it good and simple beyond rhetoric,” Rahul Gandhi added.
It's the time of year that local music students await with anticipation - and some trepidation.
Every spring since 1946, the Brantford Kiwanis Music Festival has the city ringing with music.
Competitors of all ages and skill level have been perfecting their pieces for weeks in preparation for the event, which starts Tuesday and runs for 10 days. This year's festival has about 680 competitors in more than 300 classes in eight disciplines: graded piano, classical voice, choir, musical theatre, strings, instrumental ensembles and guitar.
Instrument ensembles have a focus on school bands.
"We're always trying to promote school participation," said Heather Wyatt, president of this year's festival executive committee. "This year we've had an uptick in the number (seven) of school choirs participating."
To celebrate Canada's sesquicentennial, there will be special competitions and awards in each of the piano, classical voice and music theatre disciplines.
Participants in the Canadian composer classes will be eligible for prizes of $150.
Another new feature is a competition called the BSO Goes Broadway which gives musical theatre students the chance to earn a spot performing with the Brantford Symphony Orchestra at the Sanderson Centre.
But, for most budding performers, said Wyatt, the competition is a chance to face their peers, perform in front of an audience, and get constructive criticism from adjudicators.
"It's an opportunity to perform before people other than their family and teachers," said Wyatt. "It's a learning experience."
Local guitar teacher and festival executive member Patrick Feely introduced the discipline to the festival about 12 years ago. It had been a void, said Feely, considering that guitar is "arguably the most popular instrument in the world.
"It's often associated with pop music but guitar has always had a parallel life with classical."
Feely has students competing in four ensembles and many solo classes on Friday and Saturday.
"There's quite an inter-generational component to the ensembles. Performers range from six to 70."
Also among Feely's students - and festival competitors - are older people, often professionals, who first picked up the guitar decades ago but gave it up to pursue their education and careers. Trying to impress the adjudicator with their skills will be a doctor, a lawyer and a pharmacist.
For all, said Feely, the competition involves "weeks and weeks of preparation with a task to look forward to.
"The 'I can do this' starts to snowball and that attitude can seep its way into schoolwork and sports."
Co-sponsored by the Kiwanis Club of Brantford and the Brantford branch of the Ontario Registered Music Teachers' Association, the festival is open to participants of all ages, with the majority between four and 18.
Organizing the festival is a massive undertaking, with planning beginning almost a year in advance. There are 12 members of the executive committee representing both the Kiwanis Club of Brantford and the Brantford branch of the Ontario Registered Music Teachers' Association.
Planning and running the festival requires hundreds of volunteer hours. Volunteer ambassadors are stationed every day at each of the competition venues, which this year includes: St. Andrew's United Church, 95 Darling St.; Church of the Nazarene, 347 Fairview Dr.; St. Mark's Anglican Church, 155 Memorial Dr., and Fairview United Church, 49 Wayne Dr.
The Saturday Evening Trophy Competition will be held on April 22 at 7 p.m. at Fairview United and the culminating event, Stars of the Festival Concert, on May 2 at 7 p.m. at St. Andrew's.
The Richard and Virginia Blaha Award is presented to the festival's best overall performer.
The festival, which costs about $30,000 to operate, receives funding through entry fees and from individual donors and grant money from local organizations.
It provides winners with scholarships and awards valued at more than $10,000.
"We have very generous patrons," said Wyatt.
High-calibre adjudicators, some of them teachers and professional musicians working with conductors and symphonies around the world, are brought in from across southwestern Ontario.
All of the classes are open to the public at no cost.
The Kiwanis Music Festival movement consists of regional music competitions in most Canadian urban centres. Its origin likely traces back as far as an inaugural 1908 festival in Edmonton where Gov. Gen. Earl Grey advocated the establishment of music festivals throughout Canada's provinces.
The festivals are named after the Kiwanis service clubs, which generally support events in each community.
mruby@postmedia.com
NEW DELHI: There are no survivors in the coal mine collapse that killed 18 workers, Indian authorities said on Monday (Jan 2), as emergency teams continued searching for the remaining bodies.
At least 23 people were buried under the rubble after a massive mound of earth caved on Thursday at Lalmatia open cast mine, around 390 kilometres from the Jharkhand state capital Ranchi.
"There are no survivors. We are trying to find the bodies of six more workers," Jharkhand state police spokesman R K Mallick told AFP, adding that 18 bodies had been recovered from the site so far. "We expect the search operation to conclude on Tuesday," he added.
Hundreds of rescue workers were sifting through tons of mud and rocks using earth movers and sniffer dogs to rescue the trapped workers at the state-owned Eastern Coalfields.
Families of the victims accused the mining company of overlooking safety rules after it ignored two warnings prior to the collapse.
There was no immediate explanation for the collapse and the government is investigating the incident.
Jharkhand is one of the richest mineral zones in India, accounting for around 29 per cent of the country's coal deposits. However it is also one of India's poorest areas and the epicentre of a Maoist insurgency.
India has maintained a relatively safe record in mining-related accidents compared to neighbour China, which on average reports around 1,000 fatalities every year.
In 2015, India recorded 38 deaths across 570 mining sites.
The last major mining accident in India occurred in 1975, when 372 workers were killed following the flooding of the Chasnala mine in Dhanbad.
MELBOURNE: Australian long distance swimming great Grant Hackett was arrested and detained by police in the Gold Coast on Wednesday after a "breakdown" at his parents' home, local media reported.
The troubled triple Olympic champion's father told local newspaper, the Gold Coast Bulletin, that he had called the police so his 36-year-old son could be given help.
"Grant's got a medical problem and it manifested itself here this morning... he was raving and ranting a bit," Neville Hackett told the paper.
"He's been receiving treatment from a doctor. He's big and powerful when he's not happy. We decided he needed some treatment but there was no way he was going to go and get treatment this morning, so we called the police.
"The only way the police can do anything under the law of the land is to arrest him for domestic violence."
Neville Hackett said the swimmer had not made any threats but was not "what you say is a normal person".
Later, Grant's brother Craig told the Australian Associated Press that the swimmer posed a danger to himself and the community.
"The Grant Hackett that Australia fell in love with, they can still have that affection towards him," Craig said.
"(But) this is not Grant Hackett. This is a completely different person. I don't know this person, my mum and dad don't know this person. He's there in body, but he's not there in mind, soul or spirit.
PAST ISSUES
"We can't do it. It's getting to the point where he's dangerous. He's a danger to himself and to the community.
"It doesn't look encouraging, but who knows? If he gets the right type of treatment and that's what we're really counting on, maybe, just maybe he might be able to claw himself out of it."
Local broadcaster Channel Seven posted video footage of Hackett being driven to a local police station in handcuffs.
A Queensland Police spokesman said a man had been arrested "following a disturbance at a Surfer's Avenue address at Mermaid Waters around midday".
Grant Hackett's agent was unavailable for comment.
Hackett won 1,500 metres gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and at Athens in 2004 before retiring after the 2008 Games in Beijing, where he won silver in the event.
The 10-times world champion returned to the pool last year to make an unsuccessful bid to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
He was questioned by airport police in Melbourne last April after an altercation with a passenger on a flight. He said he had been binge drinking in the wake of his Olympic disappointment and publicly apologised.
Hackett has previously struggled with prescription drug problems and admitted he became dependent on a sleep medication.
The swimmer flew to the United States in 2014 to spend time in a rehab centre after he was spotted topless and disoriented in the lobby of a Melbourne casino.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Additional reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; Editing by John O'Brien)
The concept of the unlikeable narrator has gotten a lot of play in the past few years. When it comes to literature, why should it be important that we like our protagonist, especially when that protagonist happens to be female? Doesn't it end up creating an unfair standard for fictional characters when we praise the Walter Whites and David Brents of the world while chastising the Selina Meyers and Hannah Horvaths? Possibly. However, as we inch toward equality in TV representation, there are a few lines we've still yet to cross. Which is why it's all the more strange (and exciting) to see in “Vida” a main character who is a total, unapologetic bitch, and not in the camp sense of the word. “Vida's” central character Emma returns to her L.A. home only to cast judgment on everyone around her, yell at the anti-gentrification ‘bullies' in Boyle Heights, and thoroughly alienate her only living relatives. She takes no shit, and doesn't care about doing harm. It is, in a word, breathtaking.
In the new Starz show, set on the rapidly-gentrifying east side of Los Angeles, two Mexican-American sisters have to come to terms with the death of their mother who, unbeknownst to them, was gay and married to a woman at the end of her life. Creator Tanya Saracho's script moves briskly through its melodramatic pilot episode to thrilling effect. No sooner do we see Emma's younger sister Lyn witness her ex stop her mother's bereaved wife from killing herself at the funeral than we ourselves witness Lyn being eaten out on the steps outside her mother's funeral by the ex in question. The pilot leaves us with a lot of questions (why does Emma hate everyone so much?) and trades in on the mysterious, weirdly charismatic relationship between the two siblings to keep us hanging on after the first episode.
Hailed as a pioneering drama taking on the heavy subjects of gentrification and the ramifications of familial estrangement in an intensely family-oriented culture, “Vida” ends up being interesting not because of all the boxes it checks (Gay, Latinx, Socially Aware) but because of how it deals with the idea of betrayal. Emma, as the central, intensely unlikable character, isn't interested in rekindling any kind of spark with her estranged sister or coming to terms with her mother's queerness. She's interested in getting the hell out of East L.A. and back to her high-powered life in Chicago. The challenge of the show is going to be how they're going to get such a willful character to do the exact opposite of what she wants for an entire season.
ADVERTISEMENT
When Emma is put in charge of her mother's bar, she seriously considers selling it to developers who she knows will use the property to further gentrify the neighborhood, pushing undocumented tenants out of the neighborhood and possibly out of the country. “They tear buildings down,” says Eddy, Emma's mother's bereaved wife, “and build it back up in a way so nobody could afford it.” Emma's response? “Somebody's affording it.”
By putting together a diverse cast of characters with clashing agendas, “Vida” risked the sin of becoming preachy or heavy-handed. Luckily, even the more on-the-nose sections of the show, dealing with gentrification, politics, and the rise of Internet activism, seem completely natural and baked into the dramatic landscape. Lyn and Emma's debacle is a familiar one: The Return of the Prodigal Son(s), “East of Eden” – hell, “Vida” even has shades of “It's a Wonderful Life.” Saracho's take on the material is fresh enough to keep us wondering what these difficult characters will do next, how they'll survive, and how they'll end up letting us in.
GREGGS served up a big surprise when they turned up at a top London food festival.
The high street brand went undercover to showcase its new summer lunch range offering to foodies. The menu included a feta and beetroot dip salad with a roast vegetable grain, an oriental chicken sticky rice salad and their first ever vegan addition – a Mexican bean wrap. A video released today shows food fans praising tapas-style dishes served from a hipster deli called “Gregory and Gregory”. The viral clip captures their stunned reactions as they're told they're actually eating from Greggs.
TAYLOR HERRING SURPRISE: Foodies couldn't believe they were eating Greggs
“You wouldn't normally find me in a Greggs but I think what they've done with these new salads is brilliant” Impressed foodie The brand installed the pop-up “undercover Greggs” at Foodies Festival – a three-day event attended by some of the biggest names in the business including Michelin-starred chefs from the UK's top TV chefs. The food – which was freshly prepared by Greggs – included salads, pasta, rice dishes and vegan wraps. When told he was eating Greggs, one surprised festivalgoer said: “You wouldn't normally find me in a Greggs but I think what they've done with these new salads is brilliant. “I'll certainly be popping in there for lunch in future.” Another customer said: “Greggs – you think of pasties, don't you, and sausage rolls. I genuinely found this range of salads and wraps surprisingly good!”
TAYLOR HERRING BOLD: Greggs tested out their new range in an outlandish way
A SECURITY guard of a private resort was shot by an unidentified resort guest in Barangay Tungkop, Minglanilla town on Saturday.
Rey Paragoso suffered from gunshot wounds in his right arm, stomach, and legs.
Police Supt. Dexter Calacar, chief of Minglanilla police, said the victim reportedly reprimanded the suspect from using shampoo in the swimming pool.
ADVERTISEMENT
The suspect left the resort but came back hours after, bring three other men for a drinking session just outside the resort's gate.
The suspect allegedly threatened to shoot anyone who goes out of the resort
Paragoso, unaware of the suspect's threat, went outside the resort and was shot.
The suspect and his three companions remain at large.
- Advertisement -
Real Madrid can round off the most successful year in the club's already glorious history by claiming a fifth trophy in 2017 at the Club World Cup in Abu Dhabi this week.
They won La Liga, the Champions League, UEFA and Spanish Super Cup in a thrilling fashion after hitting top form in a four-month spell between April and August, but since then the European champions have faded, understandably fatigued by a heavy schedule.
Madrid trail Barça by eight points at the top of La Liga and finished second to Tottenham Hotspur in their Champions League group, which proved costly as they were paired with free-spending Paris Saint-Germain in a blockbuster last 16 tie on Monday.
However, traces of the Madrid that swept aside the likes of Bayern Munich, Juventus, Atletico Madrid, Manchester United and Barcelona in the spring and summer were back as Real hit five past Sevilla before half-time in a 5-0 rout on Saturday.
Until then Madrid had lacked the same killer instinct as last season with Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema scoring a combined total of just six times in La Liga, while Gareth Bale has made just one brief appearance as a substitute since September.
“We are improving in every sense,” said Zidane after thrashing Sevilla. “If you play well, you will create more chances. We created plenty of chances.”
Ronaldo scored twice at the weekend to celebrate picking up his fifth Ballon d'Or in style and his return to form is timely, as Madrid face Barcelona in their final game of the year on December 23 once their work in the Middle East this week is done.
- Advertisement -
“It is a reward just to be here,” said Madrid captain Sergio Ramos. “We have the opportunity to defend our title.
“We are preparing with plenty of desire and excitement. After a great game against Sevilla we are very motivated and our confidence is very high.”
– Tactical switch –
Real's return to form coincided with a change of tactics from Zidane as the pace of Marco Asensio and Lucas Vazquez on the wings produced an instant impact.
However, if the Spanish duo are to keep their places then the French coach has to bench two of his preferred midfield diamond of Casemiro, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and Isco.
After missing out at the weekend, Casemiro and Isco are expected to feature on Wednesday when Real take on local side Al Jazira, who have already dealt with Oceania's Auckland City and Asian champions Urawa Red Diamonds to reach the last four.
“We don't just play as Jazira now, we play for the UAE,” Al Jazira coach Ali Mabkhout told FIFA.com.
“We know Real Madrid are one of the best teams in the world and this is incentive for all the players.”
Yet, after the scare of falling behind to Kashima Antlers in last year's final before a Ronaldo hat-trick won the competition in extra-time, Zidane warned against complacency and thinking ahead to a potential final with Brazilian giants Gremio on Saturday.
The newly crowned South American champions take on Mexican side Pachuca in the other semi-final on Friday.
“Everyone thinks the game on Wednesday will be easy, but it won't,” added Zidane.
“We need to think about Wednesday and doing things right to try and win this trophy once again.”
As a 14 year old, Alex Martinez left the home in Mexico where he was being raised by his grandmother to join his mother in the United States.
“My mother made the hard decision to leave me so she could provide something more for me and my brother and my sister,” Martinez said. “And she made another hard decision to let her child go through a desert, a river, and another desert just so she could see me again.”
Martinez, now an organizer with the KS/MO DREAM Alliance, recounted his story as part of a forum on immigration reform at Colonial Church in Prairie Village Thursday that brought together dreamers, legal experts and advocates to discuss how current immigration policy is playing out in eastern Kansas communities.
The five-day journey that brought Martinez to the U.S. where he was reunited with his mother was illegal. But it wasn't until age 17, as he started to fill out college applications, that he began to realize just what it meant to be undocumented.
“I was filling out the applications, and I would come to this place for a number and I couldn't understand what to put in there,” he said. “The social security number. It's such an American thing.”
When the Obama administration set up the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program in 2012, it afforded Martinez a path to becoming more involved in American society. He got a work permit, found a job, and began earning a legal wage and paying into social security and Medicare.
With the Trump administration's move to revoke the Obama-era program, however, Martinez said that the security and stability that he and other dreamers have known for the past few years has evaporated.
“It's pretty sad. It's pretty cruel,” he said. “As a dreamer, I will ask you to stand with us. I will ask you to call your representative. I will ask you to get involved.”
Rick Behrens, a pastor from Grandview Park Presbyterian Church in Kansas City, Kan., spoke at the start of the forum, and credited people like Martinez with making DACA a reality.
“DACA would never have happened without their initiative,” he said. “These young people are the leaders, and we need to stand with them.”
Behrens, who has lived in eastern Kansas City, Kan., for his whole life, said he credits immigrants with revitalizing a community that was experiencing depopulation.
“Immigrants have save our neighborhood, saved our church,” he said. “Immigrants and refugees have repopulated our school district…The unsung heroes of the redevelopment of Wyandotte County are the 30,000 to 50,000 immigrants who have repopulated our community when a lot of white folks, for whatever reason, got up and left.”
NEW YORK (AP) -- The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
2 p.m.
Judging errors cast widespread confusion over Joey "Jaws" Chestnut's record-setting 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut took home the Mustard Belt after downing 74 franks and buns in 10 minutes -- two more than he did last year. Second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti ate 64.
But longtime announcer George Shea tells The Associated Press he noticed in real time that jurists measuring Chestnut's and Cincotti's intake weren't counting from two plates stacked with franks that the eaters were drawing from. The under-counted tally was then displayed on live TV.
Shea says both Chestnut and Cincotti were adamant about their scores, which were certified by Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
He says new judges will be used next year.
___
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
___
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
___
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Getty Images
J.J. Watt did incredible work for his Houston community in 2017, and the NFL has recognized him as its Walter Payton Man of the Year.
Watt, whose efforts raised more than $37 million for Hurricane Harvey relief, received the honor tonight. The Man of the Year Award goes to players who have shown excellence on and off the field.
In 2010, Watt launched the Justin J. Watt Foundation, which helps underserved kids. That foundation has given more than $3 million to athletic programs for middle school students.
A three-time defensive player of the year, Watt is accustomed to being recognized at NFL Honors. And although injuries have limited him to just eight games over the last two seasons, he continues to receive recognition for what he does when he's not playing.
COLOMBO: India and Sri Lanka agreed to release fishermen in each other's custody, a joint statement said on Monday, a move that is likely to ease tensions between the countries which have held fishermen captive for crossing territorial waters.
After ministerial level talks in Colombo, Sri Lanka reiterated its demand to end the practice of bottom trawling, a technique that involves sweeping the sea bed for fish, and India gave assurances that it would gradually phase it out.
Critics oppose the method because the catch is indiscriminate and could wipe out entire fishing species, making areas unsustainable for fishing.
It was not immediately clear from the statement issued by the two governments and published on the website of the Indian Ministry of External Affairs how many fishermen were being held by either side, or for how long they had been detained.
Pakistan released 220 Indian fishermen in December as a goodwill gesture aimed at easing tensions with its neighbour.
The U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea states that fishermen who cross territorial waters can be warned and fined but not arrested.
(Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan in New Delhi; Editing by Alison Williams)
Either of hosts Morocco or rivals Nigeria can be crowned champions of the 2018 Championship of African Nations (CHAN) at the end of hostilities on Sunday in Casablanca.
But a lot will be depending on several factors at the Stade Mohammed V where the Nigerian side will be under intense pressure, especially from the expected massive crowd.
Both countries had secured their places in the championship's final with victories over Libya and Sudan, to indicate their level of strength.
Morocco were 3-1 winners in their semi-final tie, thanks to a brace from Ayoub El Kaabi who continues to make scoring look easy after his seventh and eighth goals of the campaign.
His second came in extra-time after the two sides were locked at 1-1 at the end of 90 minutes.
The North Africans sealed a dominant performance when Walid El Karti scored a penalty kick to put the result beyond Libya and book their place in the final for the first time.
They won Group A by a goal difference after two wins and a draw and have reached the final without defeat after wins over Namibia and Libya in the knockout rounds.
The Atlas Lions will therefore be counting on their seeming invincibility and home advantage to help them win their first-ever trophy against Nigeria in the final on Sunday.
They were last-minute replacement for Kenya whose preparations to host the tournament looked uninspiring, prompting the Confederation of African Football (CAF) to quickly look for new hosts.
However, coach Jamal Sellami's charges have not disappointed in spite of their late confirmation, and have displayed excellent footballing skills with great precision in all the five games played so far.
They have scored 12 goals and conceded only two with Ayoub El Kaabi netting eight of those goals in the process.
After stopping Namibia, following a 2-0 victory, and spanking Libya 3-1 in the semi-finals, a first major trophy in more than three decades appears to be in sight for Morocco.
But, they now face a stern test against a supercharged Super Eagles who are also gunning for their first title after three attempts.
Even before kick-off of Sunday's battle, Nigeria have made history, as this is the first-time ever that Nigeria would reach the competition's final.
They have won bronze medals at the 2014 finals in South Africa.
But their path was more difficult, overcoming a number of adversities to reach the final of the CHAN for the first time after beating Sudan 1-0 in Marrakech on Wednesday.
Gabriel Okechukwu's first half strike made the difference in the semi-final against Sudan.
The dynamics of the game changed in the second-half as Nigeria's Ifeanyi Ifeanyi was sent off with both managers quickly tinkering with their squads in a number of tactical substitutions.
But Nigeria held on to set up a final with the hosts.
The West Africans have not been so proficient in front of goal, but still boast of a number of players who can find the back of the net.
Okechukwu and Anthony Okpotu have been more than a handful with two goals each.
The Super Eagles topped Group B with seven points after two wins and a draw, reaching the final without tasting defeat after wins over Angola and Sudan in the knockout rounds.
They have created a lot of chances at goal, failing however to convert about 80 percent of their opportunities.
But they have not let in too many either, scoring five goals and conceding only one in five games played so far.
Coach Yusuf would however be ruing his inability to call upon first-team players such as Emeka Atuloma, Sunday Faleye and Emeka Ogbuh, all due to injuries.
Also added to the list of the injured ones is goalkeeper and skipper Ikechukwu Ezenwa who was stretchered out injured barely 10 minutes into their semi-finals encounter against Sudan.
Nevertheless, with ex-junior international Oladele Ajiboye in fine form after a number of spectacular saves as a substitute for Ezenwa, it is hoped that Nigeria's defence would be tight as ever.
The coach will also be counting on the likes of Kalu Okogbue who deputised as skipper for the inspirational Ezenwa, Okechukwu, the energetic Dayo Ojo and, of course Okpotu.
Yusuf was quoted as saying that he believes hosts Morocco are beatable if only his team “do the right things” when they clash in the final on Sunday.
“For the game against Morocco, every team is beatable. If we do the right things, why not! We can beat Morocco.”
Reward for the winner of the 2018 CHAN tournament is a whopping 1.25 million dollars as against the previous 750,000 dollars.
Each player of the home-based Eagles is expected to earn about 20,000 dollars as the bonus and allowances should they win the 2018 CHAN in Morocco.
This is enough inspiration for the Nigerian side to go all out for the match to be action-packed.
Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here for more.
GIF
We see a lot of deals around the web over on Kinja Deals, but these were our ten favorites today.
Head over to our main post for more deals, and follow us on Twitter and Facebook to never miss a chance to save. You can also join our Kinja Deals Community Facebook group to connect with your fellow deal hunters.
#1: Compression pants
Advertisement
If the NBA is any indication, men's leggings are in right now, and you can pick up a few pairs of your own for just $12 each today on Amazon.
Tesla's (not that Tesla's) compression pants are designed to release heat, so they're more of an all-season legging, rather than a winter one. They also recommend you order a size up from what you'd normally get, so take heed.
Several different colors are available, but not all of the colors on the product pages, so make sure you aren't spending more than $12. The options are split across two different product pages, and I'm not entirely sure why. One says “Compression Pants” and the other says “Mesh-Panel Compression Pants,” but they're both 87% polyester and 13% spandex, so I'm not convinced there's actually a difference. I'd just shop based on color, personally.
Advertisement
#2: backup camera
Advertisement
You don't need to buy a new car to enjoy the life-changing benefits of a rear-view camera; you just need $64 and a few minutes to install one yourself. This model doesn't even require you to run a wire all the way to the front of your car; a wireless transmitter can just stay in your trunk and beam the picture to the included screen from up to 100M away.
#3: hdtv antennas
Advertisement
Mohu basically created the leaf-style HDTV antenna market, and now, you can save $20 on their newest model.
The amplified Mohu Leaf Chroma is narrow and small, but it's actually rated for 65 miles of range, more than the old-style Leaf 50. Of course, you'd only see that kind of range in the most ideal of circumstances, but if you live in or near a city, it ought to be able to pull in your local channels.
Advertisement
Another big change is the addition of designer colors. There are currently two Chromas available, each with two subtle, classy color schemes on either side, so you can flip it around to fit your mood or decor. The newly-released Chroma will normally retail for $70, but for a limited time, it's only $50, and you'll have it in time for the Olympics.
And if you missed them yesterday, here are a few cheaper options from Vansky.
Advertisement
#4: stick vacuum
Advertisement
Anker's HomeVac Duo vacuum transforms from handheld to upright, has the impressive runtime you'd expect from the brand that makes your favorite battery packs, a washable HEPA filter, and a great warranty. That's quite a package for $50 (with code SPJ8KN6M)
This was Anker's first foray into cleaning products, and reviewers seem to love it so far. It'll run for 24 minutes on a charge at full power, or an hour in eco mode, which should be sufficient for most average-sized homes. The standout feature though is definitely the detachable hand vac, which lets you clean furniture, shelves, and even your car with ease.
Advertisement
#5: tv mount
If you got yourself a nice new TV for the holidays, or in preparation for the Super Bowl, you can mount it to your wall for just $17 today, complete with a bonus HDMI cable.
Advertisement
#6: standing desk
Advertisement
So you want to try a standing desk, but you're not ready to commit to it for eight hours a day...what do you do? You buy a discounted monitor riser, and sit or stand whenever you feel like it.
These Monoprice risers come in a variety of different designs to hit a bunch of price points, but they all just sit on top of your existing desk. All five of these models are on sale today, and discounts range from $10 off the usual price to $30, so you'll have money leftover to buy an anti-fatigue mat.
Advertisement
#7: garage shelves
Want to actually be able to park in your garage again? Get your junk off the floor and onto these Fleximounts storage shelves, each of which can hold up to 200 pounds of Christmas decorations, tools, beach gear, body parts...whatever it is that you keep in your garage. Get a pair of 2x6' shelves for $127 (down from $150) today with promo code STORE130.
Advertisement
#8: Star Wars Shaver
Advertisement
I'm not here to pass judgement on the Star Wars rebel insignia on this Philips Norelco shaver; it's either your thing or it's not. But look past the paint job, and it's a damn good shaver for $90.
You get 72 self-sharpening blades inside three shaving heads that move eight different directions to conform to your face. You can also clip on a precision trimmer to edge your sideburns or the hairs under your nose. This deal is only available today though, so activate that hyperdrive and get over to Amazon.
Advertisement
#9: laptop stand
If you're going to use a laptop while sitting at a desk, your neck will thank you for lifting the screen closer to eye level. This inexpensive aluminum stand does just that, and gives you some extra desk space for all your Funko toys important work things.
Advertisement
#10: sharpies
Advertisement
Even though you might not need them immediately, this 23-pack of Sharpies is matching it's lowest Amazon price ever, just $15.
BIZARRE footage has emerged that proves Vladimir Putin is hiding a secret alien base in the Russian wasteland, according to wild claims online.
The video – captured from a plane window – shows a mysterious light beneath the clouds. It is reported to have been spotted while travelling over a huge empty part of Russia. As the jet speeds over the top, the light it remains completely still – suggesting it is coming from a fixed area on the ground. It was uploaded by YouTube account Stan on April 22 and has since gained popularity from other conspiracy channels.
STAN ALIEN TESTING? The bright light was seen above Russian wasteland
One user – named thirdphaseofmoon – shared the clip on his profile with the title "Russia probably doesn't want you to see this". He said: "It seems like it is out in the middle of nowhere. "What kind of light would be emitting this bright orange mysterious glow? "Maybe a UFO crashed? Or UFO experiments are taking place."
UFOs in pictures: Seeing is believing Some UFO sightings are unexplained 1 / 16 Popperfoto/Getty Images Many American's believed this photo to prove the existence of UFO
Friends, take out your mobiles in the name of science! Astronomers from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics are trying to look for fast radio bursts in the Milky Way galaxy with “low-cost radio receivers.” And by that, they mean, your smartphones.
Galactic fast radio bursts (FRBs) have left astronomers scratching their heads. The high-energy radio flashes last about a millisecond and have only been spotted in distant galaxies, making them difficult to study with radio telescopes.
Researchers hoping to understand the origin of these radio flares are looking closer to home. Professors Dan Maoz and Avi Loeb, from Tel Aviv University and Harvard University, believe an active FRB might be right under our noses.
“If fast radio bursts originate from galaxies at cosmological distances, then their all-sky rate implies that the Milky Way may host an FRB on average once every 30 to 1,500 years. If many FRBs persistently repeat for decades or for centuries, a local giant FRB could even be active now,” Maoz and Loeb wrote in a paper accepted for the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
Its signal would be approximately 1GHz and would have a flux density of 3 × 1010 Jansky – large enough to be detected by mobile phones, Wi‑Fi or GPS. The idea is to create a “Citizens-Science” app that would continuously listen for and record radio signals. Sound files would be periodically uploaded to a website, where all the data can be correlated to identify the position of possible FRBs.
“An FRB in the Milky Way, essentially in our own back yard, would wash over the entire planet at once. If thousands of cell phones picked up a radio blip at nearly the same time, that would be a good sign that we've found a real event," said Dan Maoz, lead author of the study.
“[Since] the size of the Milky Way is a million times smaller than the size of the Universe, a local [FRB] event would be a trillion times brighter than the most distant events. Because an FRB from the Milky Way should be so much brighter, it can be detected with a cell phone or a small electronic device that costs tens of dollars instead of a giant radio dish,” Loeb told The Register.
Another option is to employ a network of software defined radio (SDR) kits – popular among radio tinkerers – that can be purchased for as little as $10. The devices can be plugged into the USB port of a laptop or desktop, and data can be uploaded to a website.
But it may not be as straightforward as that, the researchers admitted. Cell phones and SDRs will also detect random noises that could potentially swamp the FRB signals. Little is known about these galactic flares, and if they aren't repeated then nobody can say how common the events might be.
“A reasonable expectation is then that FRB numbers increase at decreasing luminosities. If so, lower-luminosity FRBs should be detected more frequently by the global cellular network,” the paper said.
“FRBs are extremely bright and their nature is not understood. They require coherent emission by many electrons, of the type that you get in a radio antenna or a laser,” Loeb explained.
He also said their origin was “so puzzling” that it led him to write a paper that examined if the blazes could be linked to “advanced civilizations” living far away in the cosmos. ®
Senior Western Cape policeman Major General Jeremy Vearey may have infiltrated the notorious numbers gangs, including the 26s and 27s, as he is adept at the “art of deception”, a lawyer has suggested in the Cape Town Magistrate's Court.
Rooshdeen Rudolph, who is representing an accused in the extortion case centred around suspected underworld kingpin Nafiz Modack, went into Vearey's background and skills on Friday.
Vearey is the head of the cluster of Cape Town police stations. Officers within the Cape Town cluster arrested Modack and his co-accused.
Modack is accused of extortion and intimidation alongside Carl Lakay, Ashley Fields, Colin Booysen – suspected Sexy Boys gang boss Jerome Booysen's brother – and Jacques Cronje.
They face charges relating to the nightclub security industry in that they allegedly took over security operations at clubs and restaurants, forcing owners to pay them.
The group was arrested on December 15 and lodged a bail application shortly afterwards.
Rudolph, who represents Lakay, continued cross-examining Charl Kinnear – a police colonel who is investigating fights in Cape Town clubs – on Friday.
Kinnear previously testified there was a recorded conversation in which Modack alleged Vearey was a 27s gang member who worked for a man named Red.
He had also testified that there was another recording of Modack in a meeting with Vearey and Russell Christopher, a former State Security Agency official who trained with Vearey in the ANC's intelligence structures prior to 1994.
The meeting happened on May 5, 2017.
‘Art of deception'
On Friday, Kinnear elaborated on Vearey and Christopher, saying: “General Vearey and Russel Christopher were trained in intelligence by the British government”.
Rudolph put it to Kinnear that, when it came to infiltration, “your main source of artillery is the art of deception”.
But Kinnear said he had no knowledge of intelligence training and operations.
However, Rudolph pushed on. “These people are well trained in the art of deception,” he said.
He said Vearey could therefore have passed himself off as a member of the 26s or 27s gang.
Prosecutor Esna Erasmus then interjected, saying Rudolph was attacking the character of police officials.
Rudolph persisted, saying the idea of Vearey passing himself off as a gang member was not impossible or “ludicrous”.
Kinnear responded by saying: “I would think that if General Vearey were to be part of all the gangs, the gangs would be utterly stupid (because) he's arresting them all the time”.
‘Gang infiltration could benefit SA'
Rudolph said he was not attacking Vearey's character as it could be of the benefit to the country if he had infiltrated the 26s, 27s and 28s gangs.
But Kinnear said: “I do not agree at all.”
Earlier on Friday, a shocking audio clip was played in the court.
In the clip, international steroid smuggler Brian Wainstein, who was murdered in his Constantia home in August last year, can be heard shouting at controversial businessman Mark Lifman.
Lifman, in the recording, initially tells another man “you guys” were told who to be careful of, and added that this included “that fat f##k”, who the second man was on his way to see.
A third man's voice, believed to be that of Wainstein, then suddenly interrupts. This man sounds infuriated and shouts at Lifman, swearing several times.
“You're a f###ing dead bastard… I'm going to f##k you up… If I see you, I will destroy you. Do you understand me?” the third man shouts.
The clip then ends.
Previously in court it was alleged Lifman was controlling certain police officers and that he was part of a grouping which was opposed to a grouping headed by Modack.
In early January, during the bail application, Kinnear testified that a firearm was stolen during an altercation, which he said was the start of several underworld skirmishes, in Parow in March.
The firearm, Kinnear had said, had turned up at advocate Pete Mihalik's offices.
Mihalik, Kinnear had said, told controversial businessman Andre Naude – who in court has been aligned to Lifman – that he would return the firearm to its owner in exchange for R20 000.
Kinnear testified that Wainstein had paid over this money and that the firearm was returned.
Rudolph on Friday put it to Kinnear this this testimony had been “artificially designed”.
On Thursday he said the firearm matter involving Mihalik was unlikely because the people allegedly involved were “at loggerheads”. The audio clip played in court on Friday was to back this up.
The bail application is expected to continue on Wednesday when the State is expected to re-examine Kinnear.
[Source: News24 ]
Comments
comments
HOLBY City's Dom Copeland and Lofty Chiltern have come up against a HUGE hurdle.
Holby City fan favourites Dom Copeland (David Ames) and Ben "Lofty" Chiltern (Lee Mead) haven't officially slapped a label on their romance, but it looks like it could be over pretty soon. In tonight's episode the pair walked into work after spending the night together. Lofty suggested: "Do you fancy coming over tonight? We can start where we left off… unless you have plans?" Dom joked: "I'm really busy, sorry," before adding, "of course I will. I'd love to."
BBC COUPLE GOALS: Holby City's Lofty and Dom walked into work together
But just before the episode came to a close, Dom rang his beau and appeared to leave him a break-up voicemail. His bombshell change of heart was spurred on after he discovered he could have contracted hepatitis from a patient. He started: "Hey Lofty, it's me. Look, I know I should probably be doing this face to face but I just felt…" However, just as he was getting to the crux of his message, he came face-to-face with the recipient.
BBC DRAMA: Dom was told that he may have contracted Hepatitis C from a patient
Casualty babe Amanda Mealing flaunts her sexy curves Holby City and Casualty actress Amanda Mealing's red hot curvaceous pics. 1 / 16 Getty Images
BBC SUSPICIOUS: Dom started to leave Lofty a break-up voicemail
“Hey Lofty, it's me. Look, I know I should probably be doing this face to face but I just felt…” Dom Dom said startled: "I was just leaving you a… What are you still doing here?" "Well, I was going to ask you the same thing," replied Lofty. Dom confessed: "I just couldn't face an empty flat." As the pair left the hospital to go back home together, Lofty explained: "We're a team. At least I want us to be, if you'll have me?" Dom admitted: "I'm sorry for pushing you away.
Soap hunks Check out the hottest hunks in your favourite soap operas. 1 / 27 ITV Soap Hunks
BBC MAKE-UP KISS: The pair decided they would stick through Dom's diagnosis
Advertisement
Donald Trump has blasted what he calls “illegal leaks” coming out of Washington, in his first public comments since his national security adviser quit.
In the aftermath of Michael Flynn's departure, the President wrote on Twitter that the “real story” was the alleged leaks – and he questioned if they would continue as he deals with issues such as North Korea.
Mr Flynn quit less than a month into the job after claims he misled the Trump administration over his contact with Russia.
Mr Flynn has apologised for giving Vice President Mike Pence and others “incomplete information” about his phone calls with Russia's ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The retired army lieutenant general allegedly discussed sanctions with Mr Kislyak late last year before Mr Trump was in power – and before he had officially taken up his own role.
Advertisement
Under the Logan Act in American law, it is illegal for an unauthorised citizen to conduct diplomacy on behalf of the US.
Mr Flynn may need to testify at a congressional hearing investigating Russia's alleged interference in last year's presidential election, according to Republican Senator Bob Corker.
Meanwhile, pressure is mounting on North Korea after it carried out a ballistic missile test on Saturday, which was condemned by the international community.
The UN Security Council has warned of “further significant measures” if Pyongyang, which is already facing a string of sanctions, does not stop nuclear and missile testing.
The UK Foreign Office summoned North Korea's ambassador to London, Choe II, who was told by British officials that his country's actions “threaten international peace and security”.
North Korea tested the ballistic missile while Mr Trump was at his Florida resort hosting Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe.
Advertisement
Ethiopian Airlines says it will land a brand new Airbus 8350 at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, on Tuesday to mark the reopening of the airport on Wednesday.
The Airline's Traffic and Sales Manager, Mrs Firiehiwot Mekonnen, made this known to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abuja.
Mekonnen said that the aircraft would land in Abuja on its first day of operation from Addis Ababa and that it would remain on Abuja route.
She particularly stated that the arrival of the aircraft in Abuja would mark the first time an airbus would be permanent on the Abuja route.
She said that the decision to celebrate the inaugural flight to Abuja was because of the airline's commitment to the Nigerian market.
According to the manager, the 313-passenger capacity aircraft is expected to land at 11.15 am to be the first aircraft to land at the newly rehabilitated Abuja runway.
Advertisement
“The Ethiopian's brand new Airbus 8350 is landing in Abuja airport tomorrow (Tuesday) as the first aircraft to land on the newly rehabilitated runway and first airbus to land in Abuja.
“From now on, we are going to operate airbus on Abuja route,'' she said.
NAN recalls that when Abuja airport was closed on March 8 for repairs on its runway and flight operations diverted to Kaduna International Airport, Ethiopian Airlines was the first to land its new Boeing 787 in Kaduna.
The airline, being the only international carrier that agreed to operate at Kaduna, had maintained consistent operation at the airport since the beginning of the six weeks operation.
Gov. Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State had also requested that the airline maintained its Kaduna operations even after the reopening of Abuja airport.
Mokennen told NAN that the airline was seriously considering the governor's request.
TOKYO: Six of 10 North Korean "fishermen" rescued from a tiny wooden boat drifting off northern Japan will be deported back to their country, an immigration official told AFP Tuesday (Dec 12).
Three of the crew have been arrested on suspicion of theft after they reportedly admitted to "taking out" electronic products from a remote Japanese island where they landed briefly to take refuge.
They are suspected of stealing a variety of items - including fridges, TV sets and even a door knob.
The 10 men were first spotted by coastguard as their dilapidated boated drifted into waters off the island of Hokkaido.
"The immigration office in Hokkaido has started deportation procedures" for the six crew members, immigration official Koichi Tanaka told AFP.
One of the men is still in hospital, reportedly suffering from a stomach illness, said Tanaka.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Dozens of North Korean fishing vessels wash up on Japan's coast every year, but last month Japanese coastguards registered 28 cases, the highest monthly number since records began in 2014.
Experts say some North Korean fishermen are travelling far out to sea in order to satisfy government mandates for bigger catches.
But their old and poorly equipped vessels are prone to mechanical and other problems, including running out of fuel, and there are few ways for them to call for rescue.
Some experts have warned that once they are deported, they may be executed as the North Korean authorities fear they must have been turned into Japanese spies.
"We decline to comment if they wish to go home or not," Shin Harada, another immigration official, told AFP.
"I've never heard about executions," he said.
COUNTER-terror police investigating a major incident involving two people who were left critically ill after being exposed to an “unknown substance” have sent samples to be analysed.
A man and a woman, both in their 40s, were found collapsed at their home in Amesbury, Salisbury, Wilts, just miles from where ex-Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter were attacked with a nerve agent in March. Wiltshire Police initially believed the couple, discovered unconscious on Saturday, had taken a bad batch crack cocaine or heroin, but are keeping an “open mind” about the circumstances. The pair, who are being treated at Salisbury District Hospital, are fighting for their lives after they came into contact with the suspected “unknown substance”, police said. Scotland Yard's counter-terror team have taken over the investigation and will work in conjunction with Wiltshire Police after declaring a major incident – a rare occurrence. Samples of the mystery substance have been sent to chemical weapons experts at Porton Down, according to multiple reports.
DS MAJOR INCIDENT: Anti-terror police have taken over the Amesbury investigation
SWNS AMESBURY: A policeman stands outside the home where the couple were found unconscious
"Given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury," the Metropolitan Police said in a statement. "As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident." The home of the couple, Muggleton Road, is around eight miles (13 km) away from where the Skripals were poisoned by military grade nerve agent Novichok on March 3. Cordons have been put in place around areas in Amesbury and and Salisbury where the couple are thought to have visited in recent days.
DS MAPPED: The couple live around seven miles away from where the Skripals were poisoned
Witnesses believe the couple, who have not been named, may have last been seen in public at a family fun day at Amesbury Baptist Centre on Saturday afternoon. The pair, who have not been named, are not thought to have any links with Sergei and Yulia Skripal or the Russian intelligence services. But detectives are investigating the possibility that the couple were exposed to an undiscovered sample of nerve agent Novichok used by assassins, The Sun reported.
Amesbury Baptist Centre secretary Roy Collins said around 200 people attended the event at the church, including many families and children, but "nobody else has suffered any ill-effects".
SWNS INVESTIGATION: Counter-terror and Wiltshire Police are probing the incident in Amesbury
Mr Collins said: "Last weekend we held a community fundraiser and we understand this may well be the last event this couple went to in public. "We are all quite puzzled and shocked - naturally the connection with and recent events there mean is a heightened public interest. "We are praying for the couple. One of our members knows them and clearly there are concerns for them and any others in the community. "They are not church members or regulars."
SWNS UNKNOWN SUBSTANCE: Chemical weapons experts from Porton Down are analysing the substance
“They are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances” Met Police The address where the couple were found is on a new housing development on the southern edge of the town, which lies close to Stonehenge. Neighbours living near the scene were keen to find out more about what had happened to the couple. College student Chloe Edwards described seeing police cars, fire engines and people in "green suits" on Saturday night. "We saw everything," said the 17-year-old, who lives near the cordoned-off flat. "We were just eating our dinner and all these emergency vehicles turned up. "They were putting on these green suits and we thought it was the gas as our electricity was turned off as well."
Was it Putin? 'Poisoned' ex-Russian spy fighting for life in Salisbury Double Russian agent Sergei Skripal has been found unconscious after being exposed to an unknown substance. 1 / 25 REUTERS Former military intelligence colonel Sergei Skripal is detained
BUENOS AIRES: New Year's greetings tend to be uncontroversial, but an Argentine ministry sparked angry reaction over the weekend when a map of the country accompanying its year-end wishes omitted an island chain that sparked a short but bitter war with Britain.
Argentina has long claimed the islands it calls the Malvinas, which Britain occupied in 1833 and renamed the Falklands.
Argentine forces seized the chain in 1982 to reclaim sovereignty, but Britain prevailed in a 74-day war that claimed hundreds of lives on both sides.
So when the Argentine Ministry of Social Development posted its new year greetings online with a map that omitted the islands, the reaction from war veterans and political opponents was quick and fierce.
Saul Perez, who fought in the war, expressed his "uneasiness," telling news channel C5N that "it was not a mistake."
He said he had no doubt that the omission was part of a campaign by the government of President Mauricio Macri to "place a priority on bilateral trade" over Argentina's historic claim of sovereignty.
On Sep 13, in a tentative effort to end decades of rancor, Argentine and British negotiators reached agreement in Buenos Aires on oil and gas exploration, fishing, trade, shipping and air transport.
Center-right Macri, in power since late 2015, said he wanted to improve relations with Britain, a step seen as aimed at boosting Argentina's flagging economy.
But the pact did not touch on the delicate question of the islands' sovereignty - a decision harshly criticised by the political opposition.
Alicia Castro, Argentine ambassador to Britain during the previous administration of Cristina Kirchner, called the absence of the islands in the development ministry's greeting "inadmissible."
"I haven't been able to sleep," she told Argentina's Radio 10, "I'm so upset to see this mutilated map." While the British might publish such a map, she said, no Argentine government had ever done so.
In the face of such criticism, the development ministry issued a tweet Monday apologising for what it called a "design department error."
The 1982 war claimed the lives of 649 Argentine combatants and 255 British troops before Argentina finally surrendered in the face of an imposing armada dispatched from Britain by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
In a 2013 referendum, the island chain's 3,000 inhabitants voted overwhelmingly in favor of remaining under British rule. Argentina dismissed the result.
The Governor of Bayelsa State, Mr. Seriake Dickson, has reportedly earmarked N1bn to repair internal roads and carry out other projects in former President Goodluck Jonathan's council, Ogbia Local Government Area.
The Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Youths, Mr. Osaanya B. Osaanya, revealed this during a mega solidarity rally in support of the governor.
Ogbia youths, led by Osaanya, had held a 10,000-man solidarity rally to thank Dickson for the support he had been giving to Jonathan and the appointments of many Ogbia persons in government.
Osaanya said, “Among other things, Dickson had completed the model school in the area and earmarked N1bn recently for the repair of internal roads in the area. He also commissioned‎ other projects in various communities in the area to demonstrate his love for our people.
“We want to assure the governor that the youth of the area will continue to support his government and play their part to bring an end to all forms of crime and criminality. Only an atmosphere of peace will attract meaningful development.”
The youth leader, therefore, urged ‎youths of the area to shun kidnapping, pipeline vandalism and other vices but rather key into the different opportunities that abound by embracing the various empowerment schemes Dickson had introduced.
Osaanya stated, “We have come out today to appreciate the governor, Seriake Dickson, for what he has been doing for us. It is clear and evident for us to see. Our resolve to thank him is hinged on the fact that he has done well and will still do more.
“Dickson has in the last six years made Bayelsa a centre of attraction; building significant and legacy projects. We will give him more support and work to maintain peace in Ogbia kingdom.”
BANGKOK: From the courtiers of Ancient Greece to Soviet spies and maybe now North Korean agents, poison has a long history as a weapon of murder, favoured by assassins for its stealthy delivery of the fatal blow.
The killing of Kim Jong Nam, the half-brother of the North Korean leader, at a Malaysian airport has revived fascination in the poisoner's methods.
In a story that could be cribbed straight from a spy novel, intelligence chiefs in South Korea say female agents dispatched by their secretive northern neighbour administered the lethal dose, with reports suggesting a toxin was sprayed in his face.
An autopsy was being carried out Wednesday (Feb 15).
A would-be poisoner can choose from a catalogue of deadly chemicals, some of which are relatively easy to obtain.
Ricin - naturally occurring in castor oil plant seeds - and thallium (rat poison) are notorious for their murderous properties. Arsenic delivers a slow and miserable death, while strychnine induces extreme body spasms as the victim's respiratory system collapses.
But "cyanide is the fastest killer and the easiest to detect, its pathology appears all over the body," said Porntip Rojanasunan a forensic expert and adviser to Thailand's Justice Ministry.
She said the victim's "bright red blood" in post-mortem is the telltale sign of a potential cyanide poisoning.
Other chemicals such as potassium can cause "an extreme heart arrhythmia.. and can lead to a heart attack very quickly".
Slow-acting poisons may allow assailants to slink away from the crime scene undetected. But chemical compounds are not easy to store or handle and many carry a giveaway residue, smell or colour that makes them hard to conceal, Porntip added.
APPLES, UMBRELLAS AND WINE
Tales of poisonings - real or imagined - have formed their own mythology.
Poisoning has become a byword for backroom scheming by treacherous political rivals, revenge and cold-blooded murder.
Shakespeare took to the theme, with a penchant for poison-tipped endings for his characters, while Snow White's demise after eating the poison apple became a cautionary tale on jealousy.
In real-life, academics still debate whether it is arsenic or the asp that did for the Cleopatra, toxic wine that killed Alexander the Great or poisonous secretions in his wallpaper that accounted for Napoleon.
Anguished housewives of Victorian Britain earned notoriety for dosing the food or drink of brutish husbands with arsenic.
More recently poison featured prominently in Soviet-era tradecraft. In 1978 Bulgarian dissident Georgy Markov died after receiving a fatal dose of ricin delivered through the tip of an umbrella on a London street. His killer has never been caught.
Moscow was accused of carrying out an assassination on British soil in 2006 when tea laced with highly-radioactive Polonium-210 was served to ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, condemning him to a slow death.
In Asia, members of a shadowy Japanese cult dropped plastic bags of liquid sarin, a nerve agent, on packed Tokyo subway trains in 1995, killing more than a dozen people.
Nine years later Indonesian rights campaigner Munir Said Thalib was killed after being poisoned on a flight from Jakarta to Amsterdam.
If Seoul's spy chief is right, North Korea now appears to have added a new chapter to the chilling history of poison.
Jayhawks Hope to Build on Close Calls
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — Texas Tech hasn't lost to Kansas in nearly two decades, and the Red Raiders are bringing their high-powered offense into Memorial Stadium to face a defense that gave up 635 yards to West Virginia.
No wonder oddsmakers pegged them a two-touchdown-plus favorite Saturday.
Yet looking deeper, which is what all coaches tend to do, you find that the Jayhawks have played the Red Raiders (3-1, 0-1 Big 12) surprisingly close over the years. Their last meeting in Lawrence came down to the final few minutes, when Texas Tech tacked on a touchdown to secure a 30-20 victory.
The year before? The Red Raiders led 27-21 heading into the fourth quarter of a 34-21 victory.
“We know our struggles there in the past,” said Texas Tech coach Kliff Kingsbury, whose team has won 10 straight in the series, dating to their pre-Big 12 days. “Last year was a very competitive game up until the end here. So we know what we're getting ourselves into. They've had two weeks to prepare. We'll get their best shot and our players understand that.”
The problem for the Jayhawks (1-3, 0-1) is that they've played plenty of teams competitively, only to let things get away from them when the fourth quarter arrives.
In their final game before a bye, a frantic second-half rally against No. 23 West Virginia got them within 42-34 midway through the fourth quarter. But the Mountaineers answered with two more touchdowns in the final minutes to make the outcome appear far more lopsided.
Jayhawks coach David Beaty doesn't believe his team is down, though.
“The one thing that I really thought was good was our guys spent a lot of time together this week,” he said. “They've got great chemistry, it's a tight-knit football team, which is good. They're excited and ready to get back on the field and close the deal, close the deal this week.
“Both of us are coming in looking for our first Big 12 win, so it's a big game for both of us.”
As the Red Raiders and Jayhawks prepare to meet with an 11 a.m. kickoff, here are some things to know:
BRINGING THE ENERGY
There were only about 15,000 fans in the stadium when the Jayhawks played the Mountaineers in another 11 a.m. kickoff, and deep pockets of empty seats were just about everywhere. That can make it difficult for teams to bring the enthusiasm.
“What we have to do is bring our own energy,” Texas Tech wide receiver Dylan Cantrell said. “Probably won't have as many fans at the Kansas game, but that's exactly what we have to do is wake up early, get going, and bring our own energy.”
BALL CONTROL
The Jayhawks tried to make their game against the high-powered Mountaineers shorter by running the ball, and Khalil Herbert wound up carrying 36 times for 291 yards and two touchdowns. Expect a similar approach against the Red Raiders and their powerful offense.
“The run game, it's a key fact to passing the ball for any football team,” Jayhawks wide receiver Steven Sims Jr. said. “Khalil, Taylor (Martin), those guys are just having good games that opens everything in the offense.”
IMPROVEMENT VS IMPROVEMENT
The Red Raiders were last nationally in total defense last year, giving up 554.3 yards per game, but have trimmed that to 407.3 this season. And the Jayhawks were among the worst offensively with 359.5 yards per game last season, but have boosted that to 480.5 this season.
QB VS QB
It's hardly surprising that the Red Raiders' Nic Shimonek is putting up monster numbers, but Jayhawks counterpart Peyton Bender has also had some impressive performances. The biggest difference may be that Bender has thrown seven interceptions to his seven TD passes.
TURNOVER TROUBLE
Texas Tech has forced 10 turnovers and committed just three, giving them a plus-seven margin that's among the best in college football.
“It's a tough chore,” Beaty said, “because there is so much that goes on offensively that you've got to be able to be sound in some area, then you got to rally and live through some other things, and not give up points while you're doing it.”
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Attari: Celebrating the 70th Independence Day of Pakistan, Pakistani Rangers on Monday gifted a box of sweets to the Border Security Force (BSF) on the Indian side of Attari/Wagah border here.
Security personnel of both the sides hugged and shook hands with each other, besides sharing pleasantries for a few minutes, officials said.
Pakistani Wing Commander Bilal shook hands with BSF Commandant Sudeep during the sweet giving ceremony to mark Pakistan's Independence Day celebration at the Joint Check Post of Attari/Wagah border, they said.
The BSF personnel would offer traditional Indian sweets to their Pakistani counterparts on the 71st Independence Day of India tomorrow, they added.
SINGAPORE: Retail sales fell 0.1 per cent in October compared to the previous year, according to figures released by the Department of Statistics (Singstat) on Tuesday (Dec 12).
Excluding motor vehicles, retail sales increased 0.8 per cent from the previous year. On a month-on-month seasonally adjusted basis, retail sales for October rose 1.5 per per cent in total, but fell 1 per cent excluding motor vehicles.
Computer and telecommunications equipment registered the largest year-on-year decline in sales with a drop of 23.4 per cent for October.
Motor vehicles saw a 3.8 per cent year-on-year decline in sales, while food retailers saw a 3.9 per cent drop.
In contrast, medical goods and toiletries saw a 7.7 per cent increase in sales compared to a year ago, while supermarket sales increased 7.2 per cent.
The total retail sales value in October 2017 was estimated at S$3.6 billion, similar to October 2016, according to Singstat.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sales of food and beverage services also increased 0.7 per cent compared to a year ago, with total sales value estimated at S$722 million, higher than the S$717 million in October 2016.
The Retail Sales Index and the Food and Beverage Services Index measure the short-term performance of retail and F&B service industries based on their sales records. The sales figures exclude taxes such as GST and COE.
4 Couples Remain on The Last Resort — Who Will Stay and Who Will Split?
The first season of The Last Resort comes to an end soon and, honestly, at this point, the only couple we're feeling confident about is Lucy and Carl. The others — Dan and Lisa, Sharday and Josh and Jodie and Stu — all still have a lot of issues to resolve and don't really seem to be meeting in the middle.
But, as we know, not everything is always as it seems when it comes to reality TV, so only time will tell. Ahead of the show's final episode next week, decide which couples you think will stay together, and which ones have reached the end of the road.
Will Stu and Jodie Stay Together? Yeah, they've got it in the bag. Share Your Vote: Nah, they're done. Share Your Vote:
Will Sharday and Josh Make it Work? Yep, they're all good. Share Your Vote: Nope, they're too far gone. Share Your Vote:
Will Lucy and Carl Stay Together or Split? They'll stay together! Share Your Vote: They're going to split. Share Your Vote:
Alex Kuriawa of Severna Park won the 50 and 100 freestyle and Reid Hussey touched first in the 100 butterfly, but despite winning just one other event, the Falcons boys swept South River (51-43), Broadneck (65-29) and Annapolis (67-27) on Friday. The group of Kyle Cannon, Jack Maloy, Ryan Maloy and Ian Dennis swam to the win in the 200 freestyle relay, as Severna Park collected significant points with five second-place finishes and three thirds.
Charlie Pacher's wins in the 500 freestyle and 100 breast strokes, along with teaming with Devin McClure, who won the 200 individual medley, Matthew Speciale, who took first in the 100 backstroke, and Andrew Falsone, who took first in the 200 freestyle, allowed the Seahawks to defeat Annapolis (58-36).
Broadneck's depth earned the Bruins a slim win against South River (48-46) and a victory over the Panthers (55-39).
Jenna Miller won the 200 IM and the 100 breast stroke, Jennifer Thompson swam away with the 200 and 500 freestyles and Grace Burkhardt was victorious in the 100 backstroke as South River's girls beat Severna Park (60-34), Broadneck (65-29) and Annapolis (64-30). The 200 medley relay team of Burkhardt, Miller, Claire Twomey and Sarah Mulvaney started the meet off with a win, while the combination of Alexa Anderson, Burkhardt, Thompson and Mulvaney won the 200 freestyle relay.
Once again, team depth allowed the Falcons girls to garner wins over Broadneck (58-36) and Annapolis (67-27).
Zoe Hall of Annapolis recorded the only two wins for the Panthers, but they were record-setting, as she won the 50 freestyle with in a blistering 24.84, breaking her team record that she set earlier this season. She also broke a 2014 team record in the 100 freestyle by winning with a time of 55.03.
Broadneck's Brayden Bowen touched first in the 100 butterfly and teamed with Kim Horn, Tori Fulton and Ella Martin to win the 400 freestyle relay as the Bruins gained a win over Annapolis (64-30).
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
SINGAPORE: A new speed camera system that calculates a vehicle's average speed will be installed along a stretch of Tanah Merah Coast Road in the first quarter of 2018, said the Singapore Police Force (SPF) on Wednesday (Feb 15).
The two-point camera system will detect and compute the average speed of a vehicle as it enters and exits the enforcement zone. Regular cameras only capture the speed of vehicles at a specific point.
Called the Average Speed Camera (ASC), the system determines a vehicle's average speed by calculating the distance travelled against the time between the two photos captured. If the average speed exceeds either the road or vehicle speed limit, it will be deemed to have been speeding.
The new system will help "change the motorist's behaviour," said SPF, by encouraging them to be mindful of their speed throughout the stretch of road travelled.
It added that Tanah Merah Coast Road was chosen to roll out the system as it is a "long and straight stretch of road" susceptible to speeding and illegal racing.
Announcing this at the release of its annual road traffic situation report, SPF said although the number of accidents and violations involving speeding has gone down, the Traffic Police will continue to look into ways to safeguard road users.
It said the average speed cameras have been deployed in other countries such as Australia, the Netherlands and the UK, and research shows that they have been effective in curbing speeding.
In Singapore, the number of speeding-related accidents decreased by 10.4 per cent last year, from 1,206 accidents in 2015 to 1,081 in 2016, according to the latest figures by SPF.
Over the same period, the number of fatal accidents involving speeding fell by 16.7 per cent from 48 accidents in 2015 to 40 accidents in 2016. Overall, the number of speeding cases declined by 7.8 per cent from 186,838 in 2015 to 172,192 in 2016.
Agencies
GERMANY
GDP edged up 0.4% in Q4
The German economy expanded 0.4 percent in the final quarter of last year, official data showed yesterday, confirming that Europe's powerhouse grew 1.9 percent over the whole year. The growth rate in the October-to-December period — adjusted for price, seasonal and calendar effects — followed 0.7 percent in the first quarter of last year, 0.5 percent in the second and 0.1 percent in the third, the federal statistics office Destatis said. “Compared with the previous quarter, positive impulses came from domestic activity,” it said. Germany's traditionally powerful exports contributed less to growth in the fourth quarter, as imports increased faster, Destatis added.
TRADE
China polls US trade impact
China's foreign-exchange regulator began surveying firms in Shanghai early this month about the impact on cross-border trade of possible protectionist measures by the US, two sources said yesterday. The State Administration of Foreign Exchange is asking firms with large trading operations and cross-border payments with the US whether they have US production facilities, their tolerance for higher tariffs and how they would deal with the higher tariffs, one of the sources said. “It is still in the survey phase. Every foreign trade firm's situation is different. If there really was a trade war, there will be pressure,” the source said.
CHINA
Producer price index rises
Prices for goods at the factory gate expanded for a fifth consecutive month, the government said yesterday. The producer price index last month rose 6.9 percent year-on-year, the National Bureau of Statistics said, outstripping estimates of a 6.5 percent increase in a Bloomberg News survey. An increase in global crude prices had boosted prices in oil and natural gas exploitation, which contributed to the expansion, the bureau said in a statement. The consumer price index, a key gauge of retail inflation, rose 2.5 percent year-on-year in the month, the data showed, beating a Bloomberg analysis that forecast a 2.4 percent increase.
PHARMACEUTICALS
Allergan acquires Zeltiq
Drug giant Allergan PLC on Monday announced the US$2.5 billion acquisition of Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc, makers of a fast-growing technology to eliminate body fat through “CoolSculpting,” which essentially freezes unwanted fat away. The patented cooling technology permits patients to experience “body contouring” without surgery. The venture represents a “US$4 billion market opportunity worldwide and growing,” said Allergan, which is headquartered in Ireland. The transaction must be approved by Zeltiq shareholders and is subject to regulatory review.
BANKING
Credit Suisse loss narrows
Credit Suisse AG said it more than halved its fourth quarter last year loss, amid a “challenging” market and internal restructuring, and before a multibillion-dollar settlement with US regulators. The Zurich-based bank set aside about US$2 billion in the quarter to help pay for what became a US$5.3 billion settlement with the US Department of Justice, finalized last month, over claims the bank misled investors about the quality of mortgage-backed securities that it sold before the 2008 financial crisis. The bank yesterday said its fourth-quarter loss narrowed to 2.35 billion Swiss francs (US$2.34 billion), down from SF5.83 billion a year earlier. For the whole of last year, the net loss dropped to SF2.45 billion from SF2.94 billion in 2015.
Getty Images
The Jaguars have claimed fourth-year cornerback Charles James II off waivers from the Bills, the club announced Monday. To make room on the roster, the team waived rookie receiver Kenneth Walker.
James, a Jacksonville native, has appeared in 34 career games with 43 tackles and two passes defensed. He played collegiately at Charleston Southern from 2009-12 and was a three-time All-Big South Conference selection. James holds the school record for career interceptions with 12.
James previously spent time with Buffalo (2017), Indianapolis (2016), Houston (2014, 2015-16), Baltimore (2015) and the New York Giants (2013). James was originally signed by the Giants as a rookie free agent in 2013.
São Paulo
It was a surprisingly great year for investors brave enough to put money in Brazilian stocks, even though the country spent 2016 floundering through its worst recession in a century and rocked by political instability.
Paradoxically, this year of economic crisis, presidential impeachment and unending corruption scandals in Latin America's largest economy was also a boom year for the São Paulo stock exchange.
The Ibovespa index gained 38.9 percent on the year, its first year in the black since 2012. That happened despite the political turbulence caused by the impeachment of president Dilma Rousseff, a massive corruption scandal at state oil giant Petrobras, and the economy shrinking an estimated 3.49 percent — its second year of deep recession.
The market may have gotten a confidence boost from the resolution of the drawn-out impeachment drama, which ended with the installation of center-right President Michel Temer in August.
But more importantly, analysts say, signs of a rebound for Brazil's key commodity exports gave companies like Petrobras and mining giant Vale a major shot in the arm. Petrobras shares gained 121.9 percent on the year.—APP
Stacey just got very real about her skin
Stacey Solomon is pretty honest when it comes to talking about almost anything – and we love her for it!
The Loose Women lady has previously spoken openly about sweat patches, hairy legs and ‘wobbly bits' all in the name of body positivity.
And in her latest social media post, Stacey has now shared her thoughts on a problem that we all face at one time or another – spots!
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
Taking to Instagram, the mum-of-two posted a makeup free selfie to show followers her ‘hormonal' skin.
Next to the refreshing snap – which sees Stace smiling at the camera with her hair tied back – the'm A Celebrity winner wrote: ‘Oh hi hormones anyone gets bored today feel free to come and play dot to dot on my face'.
And her 796k followers were quick to praise Stacey for her honest confession, as one wrote: ‘Absolutely love you for showing & saying it how is really is. You are the only celebrity I actually follow because the others seem to be completely perfect in every way xx'.
More: ‘Am I still sexy?' Stacey Solomon leaves fans in hysterics after she gets STUCK in her Kim Kardashian wig
Another wrote: ‘Love how real you are on here , it's so refreshing to see from someone in the public eye'.
While a third added: ‘Gorgeous lady a true inspiration to us “normal” women, no photoshop crap, your true beautiful self, love ya'.
Meanwhile, 28-year-old Stace recently left her fans in hysterics after she shared a video of herself winding down after the glitzy National Television Awards.
After arriving back at her hotel with boyfriend Joe Swash, the telly presenter got herself into a spot of bother as she got STUCK in the blonde wig she was wearing.
In the short clip, Stacey could be heard telling Joe: ‘Oh, it's really glued on, I can't get it off. You're going to have to help me. Please help me.' Ooops!
We're never going to get tired of Stacey's Instagram…
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — An entire month dedicated to beer in Grand Rapids kicks off Wednesday with the popular Cool Brews. Hot Eats.
More than 50 local restaurants and breweries are participating in Beer Month GR: Savor the Craft, which runs through March 15.
Participating businesses will offer specialty menus featuring foods infused with beer and also beer pairings.
Founders Brewing Co. will also launch their anticipated KBS Week during Beer Month GR. People will be able to enjoy the Kentucky Breakfast Stout between March 6-11.
Cool Brews. Hot Eats. coincides with the popular Michigan Brewers Guild's 12th annual Winter Beer Festival at Fifth Third Ballpark, Feb. 24-25. The event features more than 100 Michigan breweries and around 1,000 craft beers. Tickets for Feb. 25 are sold-out, but tickets for Feb. 24 are still available for purchase on the festival's homepage.
—————–
Online:
Experience GR – Beer Month GR
Winter Beer Festival
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
ISLAMABAD, Apr 18 (APP): As many as nine industrial zones have been planned to be set up along the rout of China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) from Gwadar to Chitral to utilize the natural resources throughout the country.
“These industrial zones would be set up in a period of two to three years with the ownership of the respective provinces”, official sources in Ministry of Planning told APP here on Tuesday.
The sources informed that provincial governments have speeded up homework on implementation of these zones, planned to be set up under industrial cooperation between China and Pakistan, being introduced with successful implantation of projects in energy and transport infrastructure sector.
“To take advantage of Pakistan's natural resources, economic zones will be established under CPEC, one each in all the four provinces, FATA, Azad Kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, and two by the Federal Government in Islamabad Capital Territory and Port Qasim at Karachi”.
The 6th Joint Cooperation Committee held last year had approved nine special economic zones directing the joint work group on industry to ensure its speedy implementation.
It is hoped that relocation of Chinese labour intensive industry would help in generating huge employment in Pakistan.
Furthermore, the sources added that the government had executed its plan of utilizing untapped coal reserves in Thar, a black gold which has a capacity to produce power for 400 years.
They further said with the help of technology in marble mining sector, a modern marble city would be established in Mohamand Agency, FATA.
BETHESDA just unveiled their new Fallout game, and despite being really light on actual details, some information might have already been leaked.
Bethesda just unveiled Fallout 76, a new game that's incredibly light on details. All we really know for sure is that Bethesda Game Studios, the award-winning creators of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and Fallout 4 are behind the project. Even the location of Vault 76 is something of a mystery, although, it's quite possible that given the teaser trailer is playing the song "Take Me Home Country Roads" and specifically mentioned the phrase "West Virginia" we might have our first clue. Like we said, it's incredibly light on details. But there are some things we do know, both from general Fallout Lore and leaks via a number of sources. Let's start with the Lore. Then move onto those leaks. First, though, you might want to watch the trailer which you can do so above.
Fallout 76 Screenshots Take a look at some grabs from the trailer for Fallout 76, from award-winning creators Bethesda Game Studios. 1 / 14
According to the wiki page from Fandom, a Vault-Tec terminal in the Citadel (from Fallout 3) lists Vault 76 as a "control" vault, with 500 occupants. "The vault was designed to open 20 years after a nuclear war, and was among the seventeen known control vaults, meaning that it was used as a baseline to compare to experimental vaults." It's also mentioned in one of the alien captive recorded logs (no.13) recorded by Giles Wolstencroft, a Vault-Tec official who was abducted while inspecting the vault's construction site. Fast forward to Fallout 4 and players will also find a reference by the newsreader in the prologue, who mentions Vault 76 debuting in 2076 in honour of America's tercentenary when discussing Vault-Tec's plans to expand. Now let's get to the good stuff, the leaked info, which comes via both Jason Schreier of Kotaku (a man with excellent sources) and some further reports that come via ResetEra.
BETHESDA Fallout 76: Vault Secrets REVEALED for Bethesda's new West Virginia based game?
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Amazon says an "unlikely" string of events prompted its Echo personal assistant device to record a Portland, Oregon, family's private conversation and then send the recording to an acquaintance in Seattle.
Amazon says an "unlikely" string of events prompted its Echo personal assistant device to record a Portland, Oregon, family's private conversation and then send the recording to an acquaintance in Seattle.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
CHESTERFIELD, S.C. (AP) - The mother of an 11-month-old baby found dead in a diaper box near her South Carolina home has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, authorities said Wednesday.
Detectives continue to interview Breanna Lewis and her family and more charges are possible, Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said Wednesday. Authorities said the 19-year-old mother had initially reported the child had been kidnapped.
"This is just a sad case all around," said Brooks, who called Lewis the "primary suspect" in the death of her daughter.
Lewis called deputies Tuesday saying she was attacked and that her baby, Harlee, was stolen from her arms by a man wearing a black coat, toboggan and one glove, according to the sheriff. Brooks added that the mother told them the kidnapping occurred when she went to get the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Lewis' face was bruised and her story initially seemed to check out, so an Amber Alert was issued, Brooks said. But not long after, deputies searching a field near Lewis' home found the baby's body inside a diaper box, according to authorities.
An autopsy was performed on the infant's body Wednesday, but Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser said he is still investigating and isn't releasing the results yet.
Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about an assault, in addition to the charge of improper disposal of human remains, Brooks said. He added that more charges are possible.
Jail officials said they didn't know if she has a lawyer. She was awaiting a bond hearing.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Citizen TV anchor Swaleh Mdoe is among those who have applied for the vacant job of Managing Director at Kenya Broadcasting Corporation.
Mdoe is, however, unlikely to have been shortlisted as PwC, the firm tasked to conduct the recruitment, has not yet been in touch.
Already, questions have been raised over the credibility of the exercise after the firm resorted to a secret process that left several applicants in the dark. PwC also only relied on online applications, a move that locked those who had applied manually.
Nairobi lawyer Suyianka Lempaa is now threatening to move to court as he seeks to be provided with information on how the process is being conducted.
He is also likely to have been a victim of the bad press he suffered after going public about his indebtedness and his quest to sell his kidney, which is said to have soured relations with Royal Media Services vice chairperson Purity Gathoni Macharia eventually leading to his replacement as managing editor for Swahili services, which is held in acting capacity, by former NTV anchor Jamila Mohamed.
Mdoe, who started off as a News anchor at Nation TV (now NTV) in 1999 has also previously worked as a News Editor of Kiswahili news and also an anchor with KTN.
He holds a Bachelor of Communication degree in Media Studies from Malaspina University College, Canada,
KBC is looking for a candidate who has at least 10 years working experience, seven of which should have been in a senior management capacity in the media or ICT industry; Bachelors degree in social sciences, communication, marketing, business administration, law, engineering or its equivalent from a recognised accredited university and a Masters degree in the relevant field from a recognised degree.
Source, Business Today
MUMBAI: With less than two months from the single's original release, New York-based duo Disco Killerz and dance music veteran Liquid Todd just received the remix treatment for their fourth collaboration, Changes featuring vocalist Sophie Simmons. Out now on Crowd Records, a NYC-based indie dance label that is growing up fast, the production gets a facelift from a breadth of premier rising talents including the likes of Aiden Jude, Gil Glaze and Lanna, Zack Martino and LuxLyfe, Kue along with LA Riots.
Check out the tune here:
Changes (Remixes) Changes (Remixes), an album by Disco Killerz, Liquid Todd on Spotify
The remix package kicks off with a soothing future house rework from emerging electronic artist Aiden Jude as he slows down the tempo just a touch to give the song that perfect summer feels.
Two artists to keep an eye on in the electronic music scene are Zack Martino and Luxlyfe as they are called upon to take their rework straight over to the main stage as they add their signature progressive flavour. Next up is Gil Glaze and Lanna who keep it simple and allow themselves to maintain most of the tracks original identity while taking the drop to a chilled house vibe that would be at home at any pool party. Kue, who is notoriously known for consistently supplying the perfect remix, transforms the instrumental into a melodic masterpiece loaded with some uplifting chord progressions. Rounding out the pack is Los Angeles duo LA Riots who aspire for a tech house-infused take that make it an ideal piece to add to a late night soundtrack.
RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that comedian Artie Lange is turning the page on his career after a medical emergency nearly left him dead!
According to an insider, Lange, 50, is leaving his popular Artie Quitter podcast behind to team up with broadcaster Anthony Cumia. Together the two will form the Artie & Anthony Show, a new program set to debut Sept. 4 on Cumia's podcast network, Compound Media.
As Radar reported, Lange, an addict who has tried to commit suicide twice, is opening up about his July collapse in Chicago as a result of an abscess near his heart. When doctors operated, Lange recently revealed, they found “a reservoir [containing] a bunch of heroin and cocaine that formed a sludge.”
PHOTOS: The King Of All Scandals: Shock Jock Howard Stern's Top 20 Secrets & Feuds EXPOSED
The former Howard Stern sidekick admitted, “It was harrowing, this time it really scared me,” and he has since vowed to remain sober.
With Lange's life on the rebound, Cumia, 56, has been wooing the funnyman to work with him for quite some time, said the (insider) of the duo, who recently got together at New York's Comedy Cellar, where they sealed the deal.
“Artie was basically offered too much money to walk away from,” the insider told Radar. “And it was Anthony's idea to place Artie's name first. They've been friends for a while.”
PHOTOS: Howard Stern Rips Kelly On Air: ‘You Can't Walk Off Work!'
Lange, who enjoyed a successful two-year run with his podcast, Artie Quitter Uncensored, producing 400 episodes, had to figure out how to work around rehearsals for HBO's Crashing before he could sign on the dotted line with Cumia, added the insider.
When reached by Radar, Lange would neither confirm nor deny the story. However, he hinted: “That would be really interesting. I'd be [going from] working with Judd Apatow and HBO, who could not be more liberal, to Cumia, who is a total outlaw conservative!”
The Artie & Anthony Show will run Monday through Thursday from 4-6PM EST beginning Sept. 4.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
Los Angeles County's office market has been expanding and rents have been rising for years — and thanks to companies like Netflix, that dynamic continued in the first quarter.
The Los Gatos, Calif., movie-streaming company is taking all the space of a large Hollywood building that opened its doors in the beginning of the year.
Terms of the lease with developer Hudson Pacific Properties for the 323,000-square-foot Icon building were not disclosed, but landlords typically ask for about $5.50 a square foot in monthly rent for new Hollywood offices, well above the county-wide rate.
That rate hit an average of $3.13 per square foot a month in the first quarter, up from $3.03 in the prior quarter and $3 in the same period a year earlier, according to real estate brokerage CBRE Group Inc.
Rents have been rising since 2013 and some observers expect the market to cool, but Petra Durnin, CBRE's director of research and analysis, said landlords remain in the driver's seat.
“The market is still healthy,” she said. “I know the sentiment out there is that things are slowing down, but we still see quite a bit of road ahead of us in the market.”
New jobs are still being created in the region, albeit at a tepid pace. That means “there is room for a little rent growth and for vacancy to come down a bit more,” Durnin said.
New office construction grew the market by nearly 750,000 square feet last quarter, a jump from the 100,000 square feet delivered in the previous quarter and 460,000 square feet a year earlier. There are now about 205 million square feet of offices in Los Angeles County, according to CBRE.
Overall vacancy was 14.1% in the first quarter, a rise from 12.8% at the end of 2016 but down slightly from 14.8% a year ago.
roger.vincent@latimes.com
Twitter: @rogervincent
Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon Yakubu Dogara, has expressed support for auditing and restructuring the existing federal system to give a sense of belonging to all Nigerians.
He said that for true federalism to be achieved in Nigeria, a unique system of federalism that best suits Nigerian people and the local circumstances in the country must be created, in addition to having leaders who are visionary, selfless, prudent, intelligent and indefatigable and having integrity and honour.
He said these while speaking on the topic, “Reforming the Nigerian Federation: Which Way Forward”, at the 3rd annual Political Summit organised by the Save Democracy Africa in Abuja.
The Speaker noted that “The talk of Nigeria's successor genuine federalism can no longer hold waters giving the state of internal insurgencies, divisiveness, ethnic and religious schism witnessed in several parts of Nigeria. Efforts at wishing away the problem associated with Nigerian federation have only resulted in several tribal, ethnic and religious movements that have even metamorphosed into terrorist syndicates.
“One can, therefore, no longer fold his arms but engage some of the issues that have confronted us as a nation and threatened the Nigerian federation. This forum provides one of the opportunities for such interrogation. Accordingly, I commend the organisers for bringing this issue to the front burner once again.
“That Nigeria could survive despite predictions to the contrary by the World Powers not only portrays a ray of hope but also demonstrate that Nigerian Federation has come to stay.
“It is therefore incumbent on us to fashion out our own type of federalism that is best suited to our people and to local circumstances. There should be genuine efforts to build the nation. Therefore ethnic, religious and sectional agenda should take back place. The essence of federalism is to foster unity and development. This has, however, not been achieved.
Consequently, the recruitment processes of our elective office holders are being re-visited in the Electoral Amendment Bill to ensure that the system is able to recruit the best at all strata of leadership. We need leaders who are visionary, selfless, prudent, intelligent and indefatigable and having integrity and honour.”
He added that the current National Assembly has shown enough determination to ensure that the Federation of Nigeria is managed effectively for the good of every citizen in its several initiatives to address imbalances.
He also added that to take Nigeria to its pride of place, a reorientation of Nigerians to address the political and economic malaise they face must be addressed, along with every other possible measure to take Nigeria to where it rightly belongs among the comity of Nations given her huge and rich minerals and agricultural resources, and population.
Hon Dogara stated, “There should be massive awareness to change the mindsets of the rulers and the ruled. This is where there is the need for proper education and awareness for both the rulers and the ruled. I challenge our tertiary institutions to break the disconnect between them and the political institutions and industries not only to fashion out the appropriate curriculum to drive this new orientation to confront our political and economic malaise but also to lead cutting-edge research in providing correct local solutions to our diverse of problems.”
He also identified the pedestals upon which Nigerian Federation has thrived over the years as multi-party system that allows wider participation in the political process, equity distributive principles of revenue from the Federation Account, states creation, special intervention programme to address specific problems where there are genuine cases of imbalance, marginalisation and injustice such as NDDC and NEDC, growing synergy and improved communication between the National Assembly and the Executive, the judiciary, practice of federal character in the composition and conduct of public institutions at state and federal levels.
The speaker also identified some emerging issues in Nigeria's federation political gerrymandering, corruption and nepotism, state creation and boundary delimitation, electoral boundary manipulation that discriminates against voters on account of tribe, language, religion, or related status.
“The same is also true of boundary adjustments, state creation and Local Governments in Nigeria. The minority tribes have complained of being short-changed. The issue of fiscal federalism and resource control. The allocation of revenue in Nigeria is presently heated as there are always allegations and counter-allegations of manipulations against the federal government by states. There are also allegations of zero allocation to local governments by states despite very clear constitutional provisions. In addition, there has been complaint of total neglect of the states that generate the revenue as such the derivative formula has been very contentious.
There is over concentration of powers and responsibilities on the federal government. There are several responsibilities that can better be handled by the states. The power sharing between the Federal Government and the states will have to be revisited and the issue of the autonomy of local governments in Nigeria which state Houses of Assembly keep voting against,” he further stated.
Hon Dogara, therefore, stressed the need to fashion out our own type of federalism that is best suited to our people and to local circumstances, with genuine efforts to build the nation, the need for proper education and awareness for both the rulers and the ruled, awareness and re-orientation on the issue of political gerrymandering, and vesting the responsibility of delaminating constituencies to the Boundary Commission as is the case in several countries like Britain.
He added, “The issue of resource control must be properly addressed. The communities where those resources are found should be adequately compensated. The Host Community Bill initiated by the House of Representatives on the Oil and Gas industry will be a test case. The call for resource control may by implication have a semblance of territorial devolution.”
The speaker noted that since assumption of the 8th House of Representatives, they have engaged the executive (mostly ministers and heads of parastatals) in several sectoral debates at plenary and have enacted cutting edge legislations in emerging, reviewed over 300 laws with the hope of bringing them in tune with modern realities and has been guided by the need to adjust our political, social and economic system to meet local circumstances and engraft the existing laws to conform.
Tulsa's Woody Guthrie Center is in the middle of its 5th anniversary celebration. There's lots going on, including a concert by five-time Grammy winner Marty Stuart.
Khordha: Jankia police today busted an illegal cattle trafficking racket with rescue as many as 60 cows and arrested one person in this connection.
The raid took place this morning in Khordha district after police got specific tip-off on the cow transport by a truck through Golipada toll gate. A team of cops led by Jankia police Station IIC detained the truck (Registration Number OR 09 N 0647) chased the truck and detained near the toll gate. Later on, the cops conducted a search of the vehicle.
Police took the driver of the truck into custody after finding at least 60 cows inside the truck, which were being transported under inhumane conditions.
Police are interrogating the detained to get more information on the cattle mafias involved in the case.
More Marawi buildings cleared
1 SHARES Share Tweet
By: Francis T. Wakefield
The Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) yesterday said that government troops continue to gain more ground in its quest to clear Marawi City of Daesh-inspired Maute terrorists after 38 more buildings were cleared in Day 83 of the operations.
According to the AFP's Joint Task Force Marawi, from 10 buildings cleared as of Saturday, an additional 38 buildings were cleared as fighting was reportedly intense in the main business district of the city.
At least 11 IEDs (improvised explosive devices) have also been recovered.
Joint Task Force Marawi and Western Mindanao Command (WestMinCom) spokeswoman Captan Jo-Ann D. Petinglay, said at least 400 structures in a one square km area is still yet to be cleared of Maute terrorists.
Petinglay said at an average, troops are able to clear at least 15 structures a day.
“In the past few days soldiers were only able to clear two buildings, it depends on the structure. For example if its a six-story building, it takes about one or two days before this can be cleared. The structure is much higher and has more IEDs. We also think about the presence of the hostages, that's the challenging part,” Petinglay said.
Despite more buildings are getting cleared, Petinglay said troops have yet to get closer or reach the main group.
Meanwhile, Petinglay said the remaining terrorists holed up in Marawi could be between 30 to 50 while the remaining hostages could be around 40, of which 20 are women.
Related
comments
Muttahida Qaumi Movement-Pakistan (MQM-P) is likely to suffer a major setback after the Pak Sarzameen Party (PSP) announced to field its candidates from Sindh in the upcoming Senate election.
Mustafa Kamal-led PSP enjoys support of eight members of the Sindh Assembly, who quit the MQM and joined the PSP in March 2016 after Kamal returned to the city and shook the political landscape with startling ‘allegations' against his former party.Lawmakers who have joined the PSP include seven MPAs of the MQM-P , Muhammad Dilawar, Bilquees Mukhtar, Shaikh Abdullah, Irtiza Farooqi, Nadeem Razi, Mehmood Abdul Razzaq and Shiraz Waheed , and one MPA of the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI), Hafeezuddin. PSP statement said that a meeting chaired by party president Anis Kaimkhani, finalised names of party candidates to be fielded in all categories for the March 3 Senate elections.
MQM-P is set to lose its four Senators , Barrister Farogh Naseem, Nasrin Jalil, Maulana Tanveer-ul-Haq Thanvi and Col ® Syed Tahir Hussain Mashhadi , who will retire this year, creating a void that throws the party in an uncertain situation, especially after the PSP announced fielding MQM turncoats for these slots.
The Senate elections are going to be held on 12 seats in Sindh, seven general, two each reserved for technocrats and women and one seat for minorities—INP
Related
Posted by Michael David Smith on April 18, 2017, 8:49 AM EDT
Any Oakland fans who are no longer supporting the Raiders because they're moving to Oakland aren't real fans, according to quarterback Derek Carr.
Carr said at the start of the team's offseason workout program that he expects Oakland fans to remain loyal to the team, and doesn't think they were ever really fans if they don't.
“We're not going to split up like you've seen other cities do,” Carr said, via ESPN. “We're not going to do things like that. For the ones that do, I don't really believe that they're true Raider fans. I feel their hurt. I'm with you. I hurt, too. But at the same time, we're all in this together and we're just going to do it together.”
Carr believes only a tiny minority of fans will ditch the Raiders.
“Out of like 1,000 people, you're going to get one or two that have something to say and that's with everything,” he said. “Hopefully y'all don't focus on that kind of stuff because there's the 99 percent that are loyal, faithful fans that are going to ride with us wherever we're at.”
That's all easy for Carr to say. It's harder for Oakland residents who have supported the team with their hard-earned dollars for years to accept that the team will abandon them.
Line ups
Liverpool XI: Karius; Alexander-Arnold, Van Dijk, Lovren, Robertson; Milner, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Henderson; Mane, Firmino, Salah
Subs: Mignolet, Clyne, Wijnaldum, Klavan, Moreno, Ings, Solanke
Roma XI: Alisson; Fazio, Manolas, Jesus; Florenzi, De Rossi, Strootman, Kolarov; Cengiz, Nainggolan, Dzeko
Subs: Skorupski, Pellegrini, Perotti, Schick, Gonalons, Bruno Peres, El Shaaraway
Match preview
Jurgen Klopp insists Liverpool's chance to reach this year's Champions League final should not be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
The Reds face Roma tonight in their first semi-final in Europe's elite club competition for a decade but their manager stressed he will not be building it up to be all-or-nothing for his players.
Klopp explained: "I make the pressure higher? I tell them it's the only chance you ever have in your life so use it. Would you love to hear that before a game?
"(It's) not a once-in-the-lifetime chance. I am already for the second time in the semi-finals and if I go, I will be the second time in the final. That's pretty rare."
SHERIDAN — Jen Crouse wanted to speak but physically couldn't. She was 16 years old and laying in a hospital bed as a result of a nearly fatal car crash that paralyzed her from the chest down. Crouse was on life support and listening to a physician tell her parents that they should take her off life support.
“I could still hear my mother's cry as I watched her place her face in her hands,” Crouse wrote in her book, “Proof God Hears Your Prayers.” “I had no way to tell them I was alert and could understand every word. I wanted to beg them not to give up on me, but I could not make a sound.”
Crouse, now the Sheridan College Foundation executive director, remained on life support and recovered after months of grueling physical rehabilitation. She had to relearn how to walk, talk, dress and bathe. It sometimes took her 30 minutes to put on a pair of pants. It got so bad, wheelchair-bound, Crouse said that at some points she didn't want to live.
“Reality hit that I'd be sitting in this chair for the rest of my life and that was really hard,” Crouse said. “I went from praying for God to save my life to when I was in rehab, asking Him to take it.”
Crouse felt isolated and depressed at times in the hospital, but one of her nurses — also named Jennifer — helped her through the long recovery process.
“Each night instead of pleading with God that I wouldn't wake up, I found myself talking to Jennifer,” Crouse wrote in her book. “She made me feel human again and helped me to realize life was still worth living.”
On the day that Crouse was released from the hospital, the nurse gave Crouse information on applying to college and financial aid options.
“Without her, I don't think I would've ever applied to go to college or known the resources that were available,” Crouse said.
Before college, though, Crouse had to finish her final year of high school in Walsenburg, Colorado, a town in the south-central part of the state. The Americans with Disabilities Act wasn't implemented until 1995, so the school wasn't yet handicap-accessible, but the school made changes upon her return.
It was a huge adjustment going back to school, not only physically, but socially.
Before the car accident, the outgoing Crouse participated in many activities and was captain of the cheerleading squad. She worried about being excluded due to her wheelchair.
But Crouse said her classmates were extremely welcoming and supportive. She went on a class trip to Disneyland and remembers the senior boys carrying her onto the airplane.
After high school, Crouse graduated from Colorado State University-Pueblo with a degree in social work, the first in her family to graduate college. Afterward, Crouse was a medical social worker for a few years.
The company she worked for also paid for Crouse to receive a Master of Business Administration with an emphasis in health care management from the University of Phoenix through a hybrid of in-person and online classes. After getting her MBA, Crouse took over a management position, overseeing about 110 employees at age 26.
She then moved on to become COO and eventually CEO of a company that built rehabilitation hospitals. Crouse was in charge of talking with community members in towns where hospitals might be built, and then hiring all of the hospital's initial employees. Crouse poured herself into her work and was an extremely diligent executive, knowing firsthand the importance of patient care.
She found her job rewarding, but it came with a price. Crouse traveled all the time to different hospital sites for meetings and interviews, causing her to miss out on raising her son. She felt like she never saw him during the first two years of his life.
Then, an opportunity presented itself in the form of the job opening at the Sheridan College Foundation. Furthermore, Crouse's husband is from Lusk and wanted to move back to Wyoming. Crouse was hesitant at first, but after a camping trip near Sheridan, she welcomed the idea.
She accepted the job offer and the family moved to Sheridan in July 2016. In her nearly two years in Sheridan, Crouse has been impressed with the community's generosity and willingness to welcome her and her family. Her current job differs greatly from her previous occupations in health care administration, but Crouse said she enjoys meeting with donors, students and alumni and determining how to distribute the donations given to the foundation.
Doctors questioned whether Crouse would live. Even if she did, they feared she would never talk again, but now she talks with dozens of people every day for her job and occasionally gives motivational speeches.
Barclays plans to close around 54 branches by the end of the year in an effort to cut costs, further reducing access to banking services for customers in parts of Britain.
LONDON: Barclays plans to close around 54 branches by the end of the year in an effort to cut costs, further reducing access to banking services for customers in parts of Britain.
The bank, along with other British lenders, is cutting back its network as customers turn to mobile banking. Barclays, which told customers about the planned closures in recent weeks still has around 1,300 branches across the country.
The number of branches operated by the major British banking groups has halved in the last 20 years and following political pressure a new rule was set in 2015 that requires banks to assess the impact on local communities of a branch closure.
Branch closures in Britain are disproportionately affecting lowest-income areas, taking bricks-and-mortar services away from communities where they are needed most, Reuters reported in June last year.
"The number of physical Barclays branches will reduce overall but our branch network and the colleagues who work in them remain a vital part of our offering," a Barclays spokeswoman told Reuters in an email.
The Barclays branch closures should not result in any net job losses, she said, with jobs set to be transferred elsewhere.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The latest round of bank branch closures, which are targeted at reducing costs, have raised concerns among small businesses as well as individuals in Britain.
"At a time of unprecedented uncertainty, the last thing small businesses need is (the) loss of in-person bank branch support," Mike Cherry, Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) National Chairman, said.
"When times are tough, there's no replacement for help from a known and trusted bank branch contact."
RBS said in March it planned to close about 180 branches in Britain and Ireland and about 1,000 roles were at risk at the state-controlled lender.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
And in April, Lloyds Banking Group said it planned to close a further 100 branches of its more than 2,000 in the UK resulting in the loss of over 325 jobs.
HSBC said in January it planned to close 117 branches this year and cut 380 roles in Britain.
In March, Barclays also decided to close a mortgage center in Cardiff, Wales, with the loss of more than 180 jobs.
(Reporting by Anjuli Davies; additional reporting by Lawrence White; editing by Alexander Smith)
Feb 1 (Reuters) -
* AT&T HAS ENGAGED BANK OF AMERICA CORP TO EXPLORE A DIVESTITURE OF ITS DATA CENTERS- WSJ,CITING SOURCES on.wsj.com/2ntBwBP
Teck Coal responds to B.C. Government report, which shows the company was fined $78,100 last year.
Teck Coal has reassured residents that heavily polluted water discharged from wash bays at an Elk Valley mine did not enter local waterways.
Over the weekend, The Free Press reported the mining company was fined more than $78,000 by the B.C. Government last year.
According to the government's latest environmental enforcement report, between 2013 and 2015, there were numerous discharges from heavy-duty wash bays at Teck's Line Creek Operations near Elkford that exceeded permit limits for extractable petroleum hydrocarbons (EPH).
In October, Teck received three Administrative Penalties under the Environmental Management Act, totaling $78,100, for failing to comply with an effluent discharge permit for Line Creek.
Half of the permit exceedances were more than 50 per cent over the limit and a quarter were more than 200 per cent over the limit.
The report said Teck also failed to inspect and maintain authorized works, “notably an oil water separator which would have helped prevent the exceedance of permitted EPH levels”.
A third penalty was issued for failure to immediately report the non-compliances, with delays of up to 104 days.
According to the Canadian Council of Ministers of the Environment, petroleum hydrocarbons consist of a range of organic compounds found in or derived for geological sources, such as oil, coal and bitumen, and including a variety of raw and refined fuels and lubricants.
Contamination can cause a “wide variety of problems related to their toxicity, mobility and persistence”, including a potential for fire or explosion hazard, and toxicity to some degree for human or environmental health.
Teck spokesman Chris Stannell reassured residents that there was no anticipated environmental impact from the discharges, which did not enter local waterways.
He said water from wash bays at Line Creek was now contained and transported by vacuum truck service for treatment off-site.
“In addition, we implemented enhanced monitoring technology and procedures to improve our detection and reporting,” said Stannell.
“At Teck we're committed to working to continually improve our environmental performance. We fully review all environmental incidents at our operations and implement measures to prevent a reoccurrence.”
The Quarterly Environmental Enforcement Summary for the 4th Quarter of 2017 presents enforcement actions taken by multiple government agencies. Between October 1 and December 31, 2017, there were nine Orders, 94 Administrative Sanctions, 659 Tickets, eight Administrative Penalties and 28 Court Convictions across the province, with penalties totaling $350,752.
A new faction has broken away from the progressives Congress (APC) and has called itself the Reformed All Progressives Congress (RAPC)
According to Sahara Reporters, the new faction is the same as the new Peoples Democratic Party which joined the APC in the build-up to the 2015 general elections.
READ ALSO: APC senators hold crucial meeting National Working Committee (photos)
Buba Galadima who is the former national secretary of the Congress for Progressive Change and an ally to President Muhammadu Buhari was named the new chairman of the group.
The Nation reports that Galadima accused the APC of trying to shut out the nPDP from the activities of the party.
He said the party would now be addressed as RAPC and that all national and ward leaders have been appointed.
The group claimed that APC has betrayed the hopes and aspirations of the millions of Nigerians that voted it into power.
Naij.com had reported that the former new PDP bloc of the Progressives Congress (APC) is set to announce its exit from the mainstream of the party in preparation to joining the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).
PAY ATTENTION: Read the news on Nigeria's #1 new app
Premium Times reports that arrowheads of the group include Senate president Bukola Saraki, speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, and a former governor of Kano state, Rabiu Kwankwaso.
NAIJ.com gathered that according to Premium Times, multiple sources said that the faction would address a press conference later on Wednesday, July 4, to announce the decision.
APC Is The Worst Party in Nigeria, I Regret Being a Member | - on NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
SystemPanel 2 is a great little app for those of you who need to be informed about whatever is happening on your device at any given time. If you're the type who likes to monitor the intricate details of the system processes within your phone, you're now able to install this app, which is so small it isn't really a hassle to add to your app collection.
SystemPanel 2 is a very detailed and useful system monitoring app for your Android device. The app provides a comprehensive look into your CPU, network, and RAM usage in real time. If you wonder about network speeds at any given time, the app will show you the current upload and download speeds you're hitting. Additionally, you are able to monitor your cellular connection's signal strength and battery status.
SystemPanel 2 will even give you the current temperature of your battery and chipset are also shown, which is something we all like. You also get an app manager that lists all the apps you have installed – and as a bonus, the app also lists all associated processes and permissions your installed apps require. That's very nice indeed.
A small caveat, the app is great for devices running Android Marshmallow, but if you use it with an Android Nougat device, you will have to provide root access. This is because of Nougat's stricter security protocols. Unlike the old version of the app, all features in SystemPanel 2 are usable – there are ads that you can get rid of by paying a few dollars, but everything is usable.
DOWNLOAD: Google Play Store
A Kano Chief Magistrates' Court on Wednesday remanded a 28-year-old man, Datti Salisu, in prison for allegedly stabbing one Yusuf Tukur, an Okada rider, to death.
Salisu, who lives at Kademi Village, Gaya Local Government area of Kano State, is facing three counts of criminal conspiracy, armed robbery and culpable homicide.
The Senior Magistrate, Zubair Inuwa, ordered the remand of the accused in prison custody pending advice on the matter by the state Director of Public Prosecutions.
The case has been adjourned till August 7, for further mention.
Earlier, the prosecutor, Sergeant Yakubu Galadima, had told the court that the accused committed the offence on June 8 at 7 p.m. in Gaya local government area of the state.
“The accused conspired with one Sule Sani of the same address, who is now at large, went to Wudil Town and charter one Okada man Tukur, 30, of Wudil Local Government area of the state.”
Galadima said that the accused told the deceased to take them to Kademi village on his Bajaj motorcycle valued N150,000.
“On their way, the accused diverted the Okada rider to a nearby bush and stabbed him to death with a knife, buried him and made away with the said motorcycle.”
Salisu had pleaded not guilty to the charges.
The offences contravened sections 6 and 97 of Robbery and Firearms Special Provision Act, 2004 as amended, and Section 221 of the penal code.
MANILA: The Philippines apologised on Tuesday for what Kuwait viewed as violation of its sovereignty after the Southeast Asian nation's embassy "rescued" several domestic workers from their employers' homes amid reports of abuse.
Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano said the embassy was forced to "assist" Filipino workers who sought help because some situations were a matter of life and death.
"We respect Kuwaiti sovereignty and laws, but the welfare of Filipino workers is also very important," he said, adding that domestic helpers account for more than 65 percent of the more than 260,000 Filipinos in Kuwait.
Cayetano said Kuwait had accepted the Philippines' explanation after the Kuwaiti ambassador met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and held talks with Cayetano.
"We're sending a note now to my counterpart, and we are apologising for certain incidents that Kuwait views as violation of their sovereignty," Cayetano told reporters.
Duterte last month ordered workers in Kuwait to return over reports of abuse following the discovery of a domestic worker's body in a freezer in an abandoned home.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In Saturday's operation, the workers were taken to shelter houses ran by the embassy and would soon be repatriated, diplomats in Manila said.
"The workers voluntarily went with embassy staff who waited outside the homes of the domestic helpers' employers," said a diplomat. The employers did not hand over their passports.
Some workers were persuaded to leave their employers, he said.
The operation was captured on video and posted on social media. "It was not a clandestine operation," said Elmer Cato, assistant secretary for public diplomacy.
Kuwait had summoned the Philippine ambassador to demand an explanation.
There are 600 Filipino workers in embassy-run halfway houses in Kuwait, Cayetano said, with about 120 more who have sought rescue from employers due abuse and tough working conditions.
Duterte's spokesman Harry Roque said part of an agreement with Kuwait was to seek assurance it would to bring those who abused Filipino workers to justice.
"The secretary conveyed our request for Kuwait's kind understanding of the sworn duty of the government to protect Filipino nationals anywhere in the world," Roque said in a statement.
Workers in many Gulf states are employed under a sponsorship system that gives employers the right to keep their passports and exercise full control over their stay.
Right groups say the system leaves millions of workers in the region open to exploitation.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Nick Macfie)
DJ AVICII tragically passed away in Oman last week.
The news was broken by the publicist of the Wake Me Up star, whose real name was Tim Berling, in a statement. Shortly after the news were announced, Avicii's last pictures circulated as he relaxed in the Oman's Muscat Hills Resort. AVICII DEAD: SWEDISH STAR'S AUTOPSY RESULTS REVEALED The 28-year-old was seen in one snap hugging two pals and grinning into the camera while wearing a white t-shirt and yellow shorts.
INSTAGRAM/MUSCAT HILLS RESORT LAST PICTURES: Avicci was seen smiling with pals in an Oman resort
“His smile bares his teeth but the tightness of his lips suggest its a bashful and polite social smile rather than a carefree one” Judi James While another image saw him with his arms around a beaming blonde lady, named Kelly Lee. A further image of the pair also saw them baring toothy smiles at the lens – six days before Avicii's death was announced. Body language expert Judi James has now revealed what was going on in his tragic last moments. She exclusively told Daily Star Online: "There are no obvious signs of of potential tragedy in these poses, although Avicii does look gaunt and slightly frail.
INSTAGRAM/MUSCAT HILLS RESORT BODY LANGUAGE: Expert Judi James said Avicii's tight smile suggested he was 'not carefree'
INSTAGRAM/KELLY LEE GAUNT: Jusi also said the Swedish DJ looked 'frail' and 'gaunt'
Celebrities that died before the age of 30 Find out which hot stars tragically lost their lives so young. 1 / 19
"His smile bares his teeth but the tightness of his lips suggest its a bashful and polite social smile rather than a carefree one." Judi continued: "His eyes look focused and communicative and although he's at the back of the pose he's embracing the others with an arm-splaying hug that shows no desire to form self-protective barriers." A police source in Oman said there was no suspicion of criminal activity after Avicii was found dead in the Arabian Peninsula nation. An anonymous source with Oman's Royal police told AFP: "Two autopsies were carried out, one yesterday and one today and we absolutely confirmed that there is no criminal suspicion in the death."
Stars we've lost in 2018 Take a look through the gallery of stars we have sadly lost in 2018. 1 / 57 WireImage Premiere Of Lionsgate's "Boo! A Madea Halloween" - Arrivals
WIRE IMAGE SAD LOSS: Avicii was announced as dead last Friday
COSPLAY fans are set to gather at Hyper Japan festival in London. Here, Daily Star Online catches up with one of the attendees.
PAPERCUBE GETTING IN CHARACTER: Emma can spend weeks on her intricate costumes
Emma Langley Soryu has a love for dressing up. The talented cosplayer can spend weeks perfecting her dramatic outfits. Her incredible costumes have gone down a treat, as she's racked up more than 17,000 followers on Facebook. Daily Star Online caught up with Emma ahead of her next exciting event.
Comic Con 2018: Cosplayers set London on fire with daring outfits Cosplayers hit the streets of London. 1 / 18
Emma discovered the cosplay community when she started watching YouTube videos. She revealed: “I was always watching anime related videos and discovered cosplay from people's vlogs at conventions or tutorials from my recommended videos. “I did my own research and found a convention in London called MCM expo and managed to talk my parents into letting me order a Sakura Haruno cosplay online, along with a wig and they took me to my first event. “Looking back it was a very cheap costume that didn't fit right, my wig was un styled and I wore hardly any makeup, but it was great just to meet people who enjoyed the same thing as me and be to be able to see so much from shows I'd loved to watch at the time.”
PAPERCUBE DRESS TO IMPRESS: Emma has amassed 17,000 followers on Facebook
It didn't take long for Emma to get hooked on dressing up. She goes to three to five different events each year, from Hyper Japan in London to Japan Expo in Paris. For each gathering, the cosplayer spends weeks meticulously planning her outfit. She has taken on the role of a wide variety of different characters, from Princess Peach to Princess Leia.
While Emma buys some garments online, she also makes some costumes completely from scratch. She revealed: “I usually start by looking up to see how other cosplayers have made the same character, look up tutorials and research materials before gathering all the items I would need. “Depending on the outfit I could be working on something on and off for a month or one week - it all depends on how complex it is and it's not always just an outfit, its wigs, props, sourcing the right shoes/ accessories and even down to the makeup that makes up the whole finished look.” There is a sizeable cosplay community in the UK – although many Brits are yet to try it.
Papercube MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU: Emma believes cosplay can help to unleash your creativity
Emma believes more people should give it a go, as it's a great way to be artistic and make new friends. She said: “There's lots of creative skill that can be taken and learned from the hobby, even if you weren't so committed to making everything from scratch. “There are tons of different parts to the hobby - working with wigs, make up, props, and even acting and modelling – there are lots of elements to take from it and overall will definitely make anyone come out of their shell a little bit. “You can definitely find lots of friends in the community, just putting on a costume is like breaking the ice. Anyone interested in the same series/movie/game will more than likely want to talk to you, so it's definitely something I would recommend. “I've met so many of my now good friends through cosplay and managed to connect with many people other the world.”
WonderCon convention hits LA Sexy stars Maitland Ward, Erika Jordan and Alicia Arden dress up for Wondercon in LA 1 / 26 Splash Sexy stars Maitland Ward, Erika Jordan and Alicia Arden dress up for Wondercon
Students at Ark William Parker had the exciting opportunity to meet world famous writer John Agard who visited the academy for a special assembly.
John, a playwright, poet, short-story and children's writer was born in British Guiana (now Guyana) and has received many literary awards. He talked to students about the beauty of language and read poems from his books, including the poems ‘Half Caste' and ‘Checking out me history' which are studied at GCSE.
The event concluded with a question and answer session, when one student asked “What keeps your passion for poetry alive?”
John answered that it was his love of words and how they were arranged. He said he found it exciting getting the right words in the right order.
Another question led to John explaining that one of his teachers was his inspiration.
He gave students some interesting tips on how to answer exam questions and explained the sandwich effect - in other words, start and end with your best bits of work.
His poem ‘Google', where he creates a living, breathing monster from the word especially hooked them.
John is a hero to many staff members, having studied his poems themselves at school, or taught them often over the years.
John's key message is that words are where everything else starts from and is how everything else is shared.
Love words, use words, play with words and create words, just make sure that the words you use turn the world on.
Benefit from an ongoing discount on your (paper title) by joining our voucher membership scheme. Once you've subscribed we'll send you dated vouchers which can be exchanged for your paper at any news outlet. To save money on your (paper title) simply click here (www.localsubsplus.co.uk)
Advertisement
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Tuesday announced the appointment of Jean-Pierre Lacroix of France to head UN peacekeeping for a year pending a review of the world body's functions and structure.
The UN's political affairs chief, Jeffrey Feltman of the United States, will remain at this post, also for a year.
The two positions of under-secretary-general are among the most high-profile at the United Nations.
Lacroix, 56, will replace Herve Ladsous who steps down in March after six years in the top job.
Currently director for the United Nations at the French foreign ministry, Lacroix will take over UN peacekeeping as it struggles to overcome a scandal over mounting cases of sexual abuse by troops serving in peace missions.
The United States, the biggest financial contributor to UN peacekeeping, is considering cuts to its contribution, currently at 29 percent of the $7.9bn budget for 2017.
Advertisement
Guterres took over from Ban Ki-moon on January 1 with a pledge to reform the United Nations to improve its capacity to address global crises and prevent conflicts.
The UN chief said in a statement he is setting up an internal review team to look at the world body's peace and security strategy, functioning and architecture.
That team led by Tamrat Samuel of Eritrea will submit recommendations by June.
The push for reform comes amid criticism from some UN member states over the appointment of nationals from Security Council permanent members to top posts at the United Nations.
France, which strongly supported Guterres during his bid to become secretary-general, and the United States are permanent council members along with Britain, Russia and China.
A policeman was shot by two motorcycle-riding men, while on his way home after testifying at a hearing at the Cebu Hall of Justice, Qimonda Bldg.
PO1 Kenneth Pogoy, 34, was driving his motorcycle going to his father's house in Sitio Bato, Barangay Ermita, Cebu City, when, during a stop light at the intersection of M.J. Cuenco Ave. and Osmeña Blvd., near Plaza Independencia, a motorcycle stopped beside him and the backrider shot him several times.
His assailants remain unidentified.
Pogoy's father, Samuel, an ex-cop, immediately rushed to the area upon learning of the incident. He asked police responders to bring his son to the hospital, where the latter was declared dead.
The younger Pogoy was assigned in Marawi City and was in Cebu to attend a hearing.
He was able to get back home at his father's house in Sitio Bato, Barangay Ermita, Cebu City after appearing at a hearing in court at the Quimonda Building Tuesday morning.
SPO3 Rommel Bangcog of the Homicide Section of the Cebu City Police Office said another person, a certain Edward Hinampas, was also injured after being hit by a stray bullet on the right portion of his body.
Hinampas was reportedly also on board a motorcycle.
Crime investigators recovered nine empty shells and a slug of a 9-mm gun. There were also shells coming from a .45-caliber pistol recovered, which made investigators surmise that Pogo was able to fire back at his assailants.
Pogoy was in uniform as he came from a court hearing.
Bangcog said they have still to verify the case where Pogoy testified. Investigators have also been ordered to do a background check on the victim to determine why he was transferred to Mindanao.
His last assignment was Station 1 or the Parian Police Precinct before his transfer to Marawi City.
Meanwhile Supt. Ryan Devaras,chief of the Investigation and Detective Management Branch of the Cebu City Police Office said his investigators are still gathering data that would lead to the identification of Pogoy's assailants.
AP
Jay Cutler looks more like Tom Brady than Tom Brady does tonight.
Dolphins cornerback Xavien Howard, who is shadowing Brandin Cooks, had his second interception of Brady. He also had two interceptions last week.
Brady has completed 12 of 18 passes for 94 yards with two interceptions and a 39.8 passer rating.
Cutler has completed 18 of 24 passes for 223 yards with two touchdowns and a 131.1 passer rating.
Cutler's second touchdown pass — a 25-yarder to Jakeem Grant — was a thing of beauty as the Dolphins took advantage of Howard's pick. It gave the Dolphins a 20-10 lead.
Cutler also threw a 5-yard touchdown pass to Jarvis Landry in the first half.
Harrison Ford and Calista Flockhart are getting ready to celebrate their seventh wedding anniversary on June 15 — and pair couldn't be happier.
“Harrison and I laugh a lot, and humor is everything to me,” the 52-year-old actress told Closer Weekly on how the pair keep the romance spark alive.
And their 22-year age gap is a “non-issue” within their relationship.
“The truth is, I sometimes feel very much older than Harrison,” admitted Flockhart.
The 74-year-old actor first met the former “Ally McBeal” star at the 2002 Golden Globes. After dating for eight years, the duo tied the knot in June 2010.
“I'm in love,” Ford told Hello! Magazine in 2003. “Romantic love is one of the most exciting and fulfilling kinds of love and I think there is a potential for it at any stage of your life. I was not surprised that I was able to fall in love, and I wasn't surprised that I did.”
Even then, Flockhart stressed their age difference wasn't a factor.
“Sometimes I even say, ‘Wow, I keep forgetting that he's 22 years older than me,'” she said. “It doesn't factor into our relationship at all. I like the way he looks first thing in the morning. It's not handsome, it's more cute. He looks like a little boy.”
Charles A. Randall
Charles A. “Charlie” Randall passed away Sunday, March 18, 2018, at his home in Delphi Falls, surrounded by loved ones. Charlie, born Feb. 2, 1935, was a lifetime resident of Delphi Falls, N.Y., and was married in 1955 to Jacleen Halton, his sweetheart of over 60 years. Charlie was an avid outdoorsman and hobbyist with a love for nature, hunting, fishing and trapping, along with extreme pride in his taxidermy work, a passion that he shared with family in a role that allowed him to be a mentor. He was honored to be a lifetime member of the Pompey Rod & Gun Club and spent many memorable years involved in Microd racing with his family in the 1970s and early 80s. His love of racing came from drag racing his '57 Chevy in his early years. His passion for all things outdoors, led him to becoming a published author in Fur-Fish-Game Magazine. Charlie worked for many years at General Electric and eventually retired at the age of 62 from Fieldmeier Equipment Inc.
Charlie's memory lives on through his wife, Jacleen; son Steve; daughters, Charleen “Suzie” Guck (Bill), Jennifer Randall (Mark Nimmo), Marjorie “Maggie” Angeline (Tim); brothers, Ray Randall (Jane) and Jim Randall (Linda); grandchildren, Steven Fischer (Jolene), Katherine Soanes (Matty), Kelsey Heh (Dylan), Lauren and Nicholas Angeline; five great grandchildren, several nieces, nephews and great nieces and nephews.
Charlie will be remembered in the memories created with his family and for his tremendous accomplishments and life work. His teasing humor and kind heart will be missed by all who have encountered him and now carry on his memory.
A memorial service will be held at 4 p.m. Friday, March 23, at Michael E. Brown Funeral Services, 2333 Fenner Road, Cazenovia. Calling hours will be held from 1 to 4 p.m. Friday at the funeral home prior to the service. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations are welcome to Hospice of Central New York, 990 Seventh North St., Liverpool, NY 13088 and the Delphi Falls Fire Department, 2260 Oran Delphi Rd., Manlius, NY 13104. To leave a message of sympathy for the Randall family, please visit michaelebrownfuneralservices.com.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
Some prep athletes start gaining recognition in their third or fourth year in the game.
But Granite City sophomore baseball player Austin Bonvicino is already turning heads. Bonvicino, a center fielder, hit .360 in the spring season to lead the Warriors. His accomplishments have earned him the honor of being named the Granite City Advantage News Baseball Player of the Year.
The even-keeled sophomore didn't get too fiery over the award. He just puts his head down and plays the game.
“It's not a big deal to me,” Bonvicino said. “You play how you play and if you put your mind to it you can do well.”
The outfielder cut his teeth at the varsity level last year as a freshman.
“To me it was another season of baseball,” he said. “I got the chance to play with a good group of kids, a good team.”
Although Bonvicino racked up individual accomplishments this season, Granite City still struggled to a 9-24 record.
“This season, we usually had a bad inning,” he said. “If we didn't have a bad inning, we had the opportunity to show how fundamentally strong we could be.”
Granite City improved on the 4-31 record it compiled the year before and even won a regional game for the first time since 2013. The Warriors defeated the Quincy Blue Devils 5-3 in the play-in game of the Class 4A Edwardsville Regional on May 22 in Quincy.
Unfortunately, Granite City's season came to a conclusion on May 24 with a 13-1 loss to Belleville West in the second round of the regional at Tom Pile Field in Edwardsville.
“I really think we were better than 13 runs,” Bonvicino said of the lopsided loss to the Maroons.
The sophomore said playing outfield requires a lot of running and conditioning, but thinks little about strategy on defense and tries to stick to the basics he's learned over the years. Bonvicino feels his team's defense improved this season.
“(Granite City) coach (Scott) Smallie would always hit ground balls and he always said if you don't do it right it will show in a game,” Bonvicino said. “And it did show in a game, but as the season went along it came together.”
When it comes to offense, he works tirelessly on his mechanics. It's a big reason why he led the Warriors in every offensive category, batting .360 with a homer, 2 triples, 12 doubles, 19 RBIs, 32 hits and 17 runs scored — all team highs in ‘17. He hit .311 with 10 RBIs as a freshman.
Bonvicino has been a 3-sport participant at GCHS, playing football, basketball and baseball in his first 2 years. However, he's planning on concentrating on football and baseball next year.
“Basketball is just another sport to play,” he said. “I've played it and now I want to concentrate on the two sports that I like the most.”
Bonvicino started playing baseball in a recreational league when he was 5 years old.
“I liked it from the beginning,” Bonvicino said. “It was just fun to go out and play.”
He moved up to select baseball when he was 8 and continued play at that level until he entered high school. Bonvicino is playing with the St. Louis Pirates this summer.
“It's good to play at that level,” he said of the Pirates. “You are playing with and against kids that want to play at a higher level.
“It's kind of like select baseball. You just see a lot more kids buckling down and doing their best.”
The outfielder prefers to take his career one-stop at a time. He said he wants to continue to improve throughout his high school career but has no set-in-stone goals. Bonvicino wants to continue with baseball in college but doesn't have a dream program at this time.
It's all about the Warriors for the next 2 seasons.
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and #AdVsports on Twitter
Serena Williams powered to her 16th successive win at Wimbledon as the seven-time champion routed Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova 6-1, 6-4 on Wednesday.Williams was in dominant mood on Centre Court, brushing aside Tomova in just 66 minutes with 24 winners and four aces to extend her streak of consecutive match wins at the England Club."It was better than the first round. I'm happy I'm going in the right direction," Serena said."I'm getting there. I expect to get there, not only for Wimbledon but for the tournaments in the future."The 36-year-old, whose winning run encompasses her Wimbledon titles in 2015 and 2016, missed the grass-court Grand Slam last year while she prepared to give birth to daughter Alexis Olympia in September.But the 23-time major winner -- playing just her second major as a mother -- has quickly shaken off the rust in her 18th appearance at Wimbledon.Serena, seeded 25th after her return from maternity leave, faces France's Kristina Mladenovic or Germany's Tatjana Maria for a place in the last 16.If she wins Wimbledon, Williams would equal Margaret Court's record of 24 Grand Slam titles.Her last major title came at the 2017 Australian Open when she played while in the early stages of her pregnancy.
Advertisement
As part of its determination to increase foreign exchange liquidity and improve access by Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and retail businesses, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has introduced the use of FORM X for the SMEs that requires just basic documentation.
Confirming the new development, the apex Bank spokesman, Isaac Okorafor, said that the innovative measure is intended to ease documentation challenges usually encountered by this category of businesses.
Advertisement
He further explained that the new form which must be completed by all SME applicants requires the applicant to fill the form with a supporting application letter as well as beneficiary invoice and bank wire transfer.
The objective of the new guideline, he added, is to remove obstacles usually encountered by those whose forex needs for either visibles or invisibles were as small as or less than $10,000.
He reiterated the apex bank's determination to continue to ensure adequate supply of forex for genuine transactions in the coming days.
Shootout at S'woods' Legends seen
1 SHARES Share Tweet
CARMONA, Cavite – The Aboitiz Invitational 2017 reels off today with the elite international field bracing for a shootout at Manila Southwoods' Legends course not only for top honors but also for bragging rights as the first winner of the inaugural PGT Asia Tour.
The 72-hole championship serves as the kickoff leg of Asia's newest pro golf league – an eight-stage circuit offering $100,000 for the first seven tournaments and $300,000 for the final leg.
The organizing Pilipinas Golf Tournaments, Inc. and sponsoring International Container Terminal Services, Inc. have actually lined up a three-year program for the PGA Asia Tour with a total of $1.7 million to be staked in 2018 and $2 million in 2019 with plans to further increase the purse in the future.
More events for each of the next two years are also being finalized and talks to hold future legs in other parts of Asia, particularly Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and Malaysia, are also ongoing.
That should make this week's title chase doubly interesting with the best and the brightest of Philippine golf slugging it out against a crack international field from at least 17 countries for the top $17,500 purse.
Reigning Philippine Golf Tour Order of Merit leader Tony Lascuña, No. 2 Clyde Mondilla, 2015 OOM champion Miguel Tabuena, Japan PGA Tour campaigner Angelo Que and defending champion Jay Bayron set out against PGT Asia Q-School topnotcher Thai Pasavee Lertvilai, No. 2 Seungjae Maeng and John Michael O'Toole of the US, Korean-American Micah Shin and Indonesians Joshua Wirawan and Elki Kow.
Given the ideal condition at the bunker-laden layout, low scoring is seen right in the first round of the championship sponsored by Aboitiz Equity Ventures, Inc.
The last time it hosted the Aboitiz Invitational in 2015, Juvic Pagunsan ripped it off with a 20-under 264 total and beat Thai Nirun Sae-Ueng by eight.
“Historically, scores are low at Legends and we expect the same again this week,” said Southwoods golf director and former pro Jerome Delariarte. “The course condition is good, so summer rules for now. We hope for the rain to stay away this week.”
Related
comments
© 2001–2018 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
On Saturday August 26 and Sunday August 27, Robertsbridge Church Rooms will host an exhibition by 20 local artists. The exhibition will be open between 10-4pm, and admission is free but donations welcome.
This popular village event is back following a year off abd will be “bigger and better” with even more to delight visitors. The exhibition includes paintings, etchings, woodwork, sculpture, pottery and crafts and has items priced to suit all pockets. Long-time favourites are joined by upcoming local artists to present work in a relaxed event open to all.
The venue is in Fair Lane at the centre of Robertsbridge. This building has been associated with many events over the years and needs costly repairs and maintenance. The Robertsbridge Arts Partnership (RAP) is supporting the event, and will be at the exhibition with details of the arts scene in the village.
It's a question that has many of us in the leadership resiliency field pondering with great uneasiness. The current public personas of people whom we would title “leaders” are a far cry from the model Robert Greenleaf developed during his 40 years with American Telephone and Telegraph (now AT&T).
After decades in corporate America, Greenleaf's research led him to a growing suspicion that the power-centered authoritarian leadership style so prominent in U.S. institutions was not working. In 1964 he took an early retirement to found the Greenleaf Center for Servant Leadership.
He started a movement that captured many. Today, Greenleaf's servant leadership can be found in the work of authors and educators like Ken Blanchard, Stephen Covey, Margaret Wheatley, Jack Zenger, and Warren Bennis. We point to the historical leadership examples of Martin Luther King, Mother Teresa, and Nelson Mandela.
Consider the hallmarks of servant leadership: In Greenleaf's own words: “Do those served grow as persons? Do they, while being served, become healthier, wiser, freer, more autonomous, more likely themselves to become servants? And, what is the effect on the least privileged in society? Will they benefit or at least not be further deprived?”
In his February newsletter, Wharton professor and best selling author Adam Grant made this observation from the recent World Economic Forum in Davos:
“I was shocked to learn that eight men are wealthier than half the world's population-only to see an update afterward that the eighth wasn't necessary (sorry Bloomberg), because just seven dudes had it covered. It reinforced how poorly we are doing on behalf of the world's poor. And people spoke in hushed tones about creeping nationalism and nepotism and narcissism. Before the U.S. presidential inauguration, one group closed a dinner by toasting the last night they could guarantee that America was a democracy.”
Now that is one frightening sentence.
Greenleaf's servant leader model did not just look at justice through equality of opportunity but placed an even greater emphasis on how a servant leader behaves.
Read his words very carefully: “A servant-leader focuses primarily on the growth and well-being of people and the communities to which they belong. While traditional leadership generally involves the accumulation and exercise of power by one at the “top of the pyramid,” servant leadership is different. The servant-leader shares power and puts the needs of others first and helps people develop and perform as highly as possible.”
In short, servant leadership is taking care of the “other”. There is no name-calling, bullying, temper tantrums, and inflated ego. The servant leader listens to others, takes counsel, and continually asks how to help the “other” develop. Whether the “other” is an organization, a family, or a planet, the underlying message is that we can make this work together.
It takes no great leap of the imagination to realize that such servant leaders are horribly lacking in today's world. Greed, self-promotion, and narrow-interests abound.
However, I believe the finger pointing at the incredibly noxious behavior we are observing across this nation must stop. As my mother used to observe: “If you point one finger at someone, remember the other four fingers are pointing back at you.”
Individually, we can look at our behavior and explore resources like The Greenleaf Center. Our humanity and our collective well-bring depend upon it.
This article was previously published on Eileen's website and is reprinted with permission.
© 2017, Eileen McDargh. All rights reserved.
REUTERS: American Sophia Schubert won the U.S. Amateur Championship on Sunday, beating Albane Valenzuela of Switzerland 6&5 in the 36-hole final at San Diego Country Club in southern California.
Schubert, competing in her first U.S. Women's Amateur, became the first player over the age of 19 to win the title in nine years.
She also joined an exclusive club of champions who never trailed in the final, the list including recent world number one Lydia Ko, who won in 2012.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Charlotte, North Carolina)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The Queensland and federal governments are being urged to step in as Torres Strait families move to higher ground to escape rising sea levels.
On Iama Island, fears of being washed away have prompted some families to move away from the heavily eroded beach, which local councillor Getano Lui says is creating overcrowding.
He is calling on both the state government and commonwealth to provide $10 million each in immediate funding for sea walls on Boigu and Poruma islands, and scoping works on Iama, Masig and Warraber islands.
"The other islands can cope at this stage, and I'm not saying its going to get worse over the years, but at least for now that can happen," Mr Lui said.
Mr Lui and other Torres Strait Island Regional Council officials travelled to Canberra last week to lobby Indigenous Affairs Minister Nigel Scullion, Leichhardt MP Warren Enstch, Labor MPs and crossbench senators.
But he says the issue is being used as a political football.
Communities fear they will be relocated or lose everything because of rising sea levels.
"I don't care what happens between the state and the commonwealth, something needs to be done," Mr Lui said.
Mr Scullion says the federal government has contributed $26 million towards the construction of sea walls in the Torres Strait and wants an audit before investing further.
But the state government claims it contributed $12 million of that money and has promised to work with communities for a solution.
Move-in day is coming up this week at the University of Iowa and school administrators are warning there could be problems with traffic because of construction.
Students will start moving into residence halls on the Iowa City campus on Tuesday, Aug. 15, 2017. Anyone moving to a dorm on the west campus is asked to use the Highway 1 exit from Highway 218 toward Riverside Dr. to Grand Ave.
Those moving in on the east side of the Iowa River should use the Dodge St. exit from Interstate 80 toward Market St. and on to Clinton St. or Madison St. That's because lanes remain reduced on Dubuque Street due to major construction on the roadway.
During move-in, drivers should expect traffic delays and allow extra travel time. Also, be alert for pedestrians.
Move-in continues through Thursday, Aug. 17.
SINGAPORE: SPH Magazines, the magazine arm of Singapore Press Holdings (SPH), announced on Tuesday (Mar 20) that it will retrench 13 employees this month as part of a major restructuring exercise.
The restructuring exercise, to prepare for a "digitally driven future", will see its staff strength reduced from 379 – as of August last year – to about 300. This reduction has "largely already been achieved" through staff attrition and redeployment, it said.
However, 13 employees who could not be redeployed will be retrenched in March, the company said. "They will receive compensation on terms negotiated and agreed with the staff union," it added.
The restructuring will also see its custom publishing team and contract titles transferred to Focus Publishing, the contract publishing subsidiary of SPH's Chinese Media Group.
Additionally, SPH Magazines' other operating units at Genting Lane and Outram Road will move to SPH's headquarters in Toa Payoh.
None of SPH Magazines' titles will be closed, but their performance will "continue to be monitored", said its CEO Loh Yew Seng.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Publications under SPH Magazines include Her World, Men's Health, Harper's Bazaar as well as Home & Decor.
Ann Ferro: An inspiring couple
An inspiring couple
Even on an overcast afternoon, the light from the lake fills the room.
Perhaps not into the area where the cozy sofas surround a warming fireplace, but everywhere else, Otisco Lake was as much a part of the restaurant as were the sparkling white tablecloths, the delicious food and stellar service. It was midwinter but memories of soft summer evenings on the deck with live music in the background added another descriptive to the space.
My spouse and I had enjoyed a middle of a Sunday afternoon lunch at Lakeside Vista only a few days before and were, as we had been in the summer when the outside decks welcomed us, impressed with the attention to detail and, of course, the food.
But this is not the story of a restaurant, as good as it is.
No, this is the story of the “back of the house,” the driving forces that culminated in one of the few on- the water eateries in the area.
No, this is not a fairy tale. The journey was sometimes difficult with deep valleys as well as climbed mountains, but it is one that exemplifies what we can be when we are determined — and when we don't require a lot of sleep. It began some 50 years ago on the east side of Syracuse in the seventh grade at St. Vincent's school.
Nancy Roy and Patsy Iannolo began the journey that would take them to the western shore of Otisco Lake some forty years later. From working class families each made their way to something more with hard work, grit and resolve.
“We came from blue collar people,” Nancy said.
Her dad was a carpenter and Patsy's father worked in construction and as a postman. Family meant everything. Pat will tell you that he went to CBA because his father took a third job, a job taken to supplement a CBA scholarship to help pay Pat's tuition. CBA launched Pat to Cornell while Nancy pursued a degree as an LPN.
Pat and Nancy married after college graduation. Their future was in their hands and they grabbed it with the excitement and innocence of youth and the gusto of a “of course we can do this.”
They bought, in their words, a dilapidated house on the north side that needed “so-much work” that we could buy it cheaply. They energetically undertook the renovations while they raised their first born, while Pat attended medical school to earn both a PhD in pharmacology and an MD and while Nancy studied to be an RN through OCC. Nancy will tell you that under the paint at that house, an industrious archaeologist will find diagrams of Krebs cycles and digestive systems. They studied while they worked on the house.
I asked them, “How did you pay for medical school?”
They both worked on construction and rehab jobs for the faculty and staff at Upstate. They channeled the expertise of their parental models and the hands-on experience they got working on their house. A colleague of Pat's tells of leaving for home after a 36 hour shift at the hospital while they were residents.
“I went home to sleep, exhausted,” the friend said. “ Pat changed to go to work building houses. He has amazing stamina.”
Add another daughter and the couple moved further into what would be no less of an energetic and busy, busy life. At one time they built 50 homes through a construction business that they started, they raised chocolate labs and bought and rehabbed a building in Fulton, River Vista, where they have a banquet facility. Nancy and their daughter Christine work there every weekend.
Pat works nights as the chief of the Emergency Department at Auburn Community Hospital, maintains a full time medical practice in Liverpool, teaches pharmacology at Upstate and currently , besides the responsibilities he has at Lakeside Vista, gives talks on Catholic Christian topics such as “The Medical Aspects of Jesus'Crucifixion.”
Nancy and Pat wanted more children, but despite all sorts of medical intervention and adoption searches, it became clear that would be difficult if not impossible. They were urged by friends to make a pilgrimage to Medjugorje in Croatia. Nancy and Pat will tell you that, after the trip to Medjugorje their wish to have a son was fulfilled through adoption. Peter joined Maria and Christine as an Iannolo. Pat described a moment at Medjugorje where it became clear that he would establish a Marian Center in honor of the Blessed Mother, Mary. The center is located in the same building as his medical practice on Taft Road.
Amidst all of the responsibilities that their lives entailed, the Iannolo's were regulars on Otisco Lake having bought, renovated and sold several camps. Four years ago while in their boat, they saw the sign that the restaurant was for sale. Like so many others in the area, they had fond memories of the facility in its many iterations. They bought it, and typically for them, they rehabbed the facility with their own hands. In fact, when my husband and I first visited Lakeside Vista, Pat had just left for work in the ED at Auburn hospital after striping the new upper parking lot.
These are people who love what they do.
“I am a high energy person,” Pat says. “I love my work, all of it. I enjoy fishing, photography and our dogs.”
Nancy will smile and tell you that she too has a lot of energy, but she needs to sleep, something which is not a necessity for Pat. If you ask why they take on so many challenges, they will tell you that they are motivated to make people happy.
“In all that we do, we tend to see an outcome that results in human happiness. We are not fancy people …(as an example, Pat arrived, dressed in paint spattered clothes, fresh from a renovation that he is working on in Skaneateles, ready to go to work in the ED that night), we just have this drive to use what gifts we have. Life is beautiful and deserves celebration.”
Pat leaned forward to tell me that he knows his thousand private patients by name. Nancy added, “They are an extended family.”
They have plans for the summer. Pat will build a 1,700 ft. deck out over the water. Boats will still be able to pull in and dock and there will be room for chairs and tables and the opportunity for true lakeside dining. “We want to enlarge the kitchen, develop a more extensive hors d'oeurve menu and small plate offerings.” You just know that this will happen.
When we sat down to talk on a Wednesday about their story, Nancy told me that she had just retired from working during the week as the nurse in Pat's office. Now she only has the responsibility of the River Vista on weekends, but she plans to expand on one of her hobbies as a baker complete with a new convection oven that needs the larger kitchen at Lakevista to use. “We will have made-on- premises baked goods.”
Other members of their extended families are involved in the life of Lakevista. Siblings and in-laws work in the office and the house band.
“There are a lot of us and when we get together with the kids and the grandkids, it's noisy chaos. We do work together on many ways.” Their daughter Maria is an orthopedic trauma surgeon at Upstate who also works at Auburn hospital.
Lakeside Vista has become well known for the quality of its food, its wine tastings and the variety of good music that accompanies its service. The restaurant is busy during the summer months, less so on the off season. While they are open for regular service on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, it's during the off season that special events, utilizing the 150 indoor seating capacity, can take place. Showers, graduation parties, family reunions and such are possible.
If you look out through the eastern- most windows of Lakevista, you can see the ski slopes of Song Mountain. The Iannolos put up a sign on the slopes illustrated with a map of Ostico Lake and the mountain. There's a YOU ARE HERE notation on Song Mountain and another on the map of the lake saying “We ARE Here”.
Can you imagine a map with illustrations that would show the journey from St. Vincent's seventh grade to Lakevista?
Share this: Facebook
Email
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comment on this Story
Jon Hamm has said he has been very lucky to have worked with "some of the best" British writers.
The Mad Men star was speaking at the Los Angeles premiere of Edgar Wright's new film, Baby Driver, on Wednesday.
Hamm, 46, has previously starred in an episode of Charlie Brooker's Black Mirror, Matt Berry's Toast Of London as well as alongside Daniel Radcliffe in A Young Doctor's Notebook.
When asked what draws him to British writers, Hamm told the Press Association: "The good ones are good and I've worked with some of the best.
"I've been very, very fortunate to get to work with some really, really talented people on that side."
With a grin, he added: "I feel like it's only fair, the Brits have been coming over here and taking our jobs for a long time."
The actor plays a bank robber alongside Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx in the Shaun Of The Dead director's latest film.
Hamm said it was that film that introduced him to Wright after he stumbled across it in a cinema with a friend.
"We walked in and neither one of us knew anything about it and we were just blown away," he added.
"And I said, 'I've got to pay attention to this guy'."
He was asked what his best quality as a bank robber would be, and replied: "That I don't do it."
But he conceded he would be a good getaway driver.
He bragged: "I drive very fast."
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
King St. restaurant owner Robert Garabedian says people who try to come down to the area's restaurants are being “caught like fish in a bowl” if they mistakenly drive more than one block.
In the two months since the pilot came into being, he's watched — from his Maki My Way sushi eatery near King and John Sts. — out-of-town visitors and tourists being nabbed one by police for venturing past the “no going straight” signs.
The $145 ticket for doing so also carries with it two demerit points, he says.
Little wonder King St. was like a ghost town this past Friday at 3 p.m. when I visited his restaurant, three doors west of the infamous Kit Kat Italian Bar and Grill, where owner Al Carbone installed an ice sculpture of a giant finger two-and-half-weeks ago.
(On Friday, the ice sculpture was no longer there — it melted, I was told — but was replaced with one stating “Make King St. Great Again.”)
He said his custom sushi business has shown (only) a 10-15% decline because it gets walk-in traffic, but the fancier restaurants are showing declines of 30-40%, especially hit hard over the Christmas season when the pilot was first launched (Trust City Hall's bureaucrats not to use their noggins about timing.)
The free parking announced by Tory in early January has not made one iota of difference, he adds.
Garabedian emphasizes over a plate of his delicious sushi that every single one of the restaurateurs impacted by the pilot are pro-transit.
It's just that the pilot has “gone too far,” he says.
Cars can't drive more than one block, there's no parking and people can't even stop a few minutes to drop off the elderly without the ugly (my word) planters being in the way or being stopped by police, he says.
That coupled with the rise in the minimum wage has been disastrous for all of King St. business owners, he says.
“They went whole hog,” he adds, emphasizing that this has all been for — so far — a less than two-minute decrease in streetcar travel times through the pilot area.
In fact, the latest data for Dec. 2017, with the January data expected in mid-February, shows that during the morning peak period, the streetcars heading in both directions are running less than 30 seconds faster since the implementation of the pilot.
During the afternoon peak period, the streetcars are moving 1.7 minutes faster heading eastbound and 2.5 minutes faster westbound.
The statistics do show that ridership is up 25%.
Garabedian says since drivers making left turns are what really holds up the streetcars, he believes that the city should have first tried banning left turns along the entire stretch — before moving to the current more costly “disaster plan,” as he puts it.
When King St. restaurateurs met with Mayor John Tory last month — Garabedian was part of the group. They suggested that the pilot be lifted after 7 p.m. weekdays and on weekends, when the streetcars run half empty.
Tory, he said, indicated he'd think about it but did nothing.
Garabedian believes the mayor is not that happy with the what has ensued on King St. and has put on a “brave face.” But he thinks Tory supported it because of “pressure from the left” on council — most particularly Joe Cressy (who never met a major street he doesn't want to ruin — my words).
Garabedian said because of the King St. pilot, he decided not to renew his lease at King and Yonge. He's also abandoned his plans to open up at Yonge St. and Sheppard Ave. given the current talk at City Hall about foisting bike lanes on Yonge St. from Sheppard Ave. to Finch Ave. (NDPer John Filion's foolish plan).
“I've given up on Yonge and Sheppard because if Tory wins again, it's going to happen for sure,” he said.
“Anywhere in Toronto now, you have to know whether streets will be made streetcar friendly (before you open a business).”
SLevy@postmedia.com
It's half way gone in 2018 already and the Consistent Ghetto hit maker Flektaman Is holding no bound back as he makes yet another Fierce attempt with a brand new unusual Motivational Love song titled “I Love My Woman”
Flektaman who is known over the years with is deep conscious lyrical content that sure leaves you immersed in a spiritual realm of thoughts decides to dish out a song which calls for the need to appreciate every woman out there and not just by mere words but to go all out to protect and shower her with all the good things of life.
This is a must-listen for anyone who loves appreciates his woman, listen up and share your thoughts.
Listen & Download “Flektaman – I Love My Woman (No Be For Mouth)” below:-
DOWNLOAD MP3
What do you think about this song?
We want to hear from you all.
Drop your comments
Want The Latest Nigerian Songs? Click HERE
Read Also
Share this post with your Friends on
The main motif for both men and women is a black-and-white zebra print with a colorful scarf border, as well as a multistripe ikat print and a medallion placement print on matte jersey. Other materials include jersey, cotton linen and some stretch pieces. "It's very world-traveler, gypset-inspired," said Turk, noting that the one-piece swimsuits — a deep V and an off-the-shoulder style — are among her women's favorites because they can also be worn as bodysuits. "Also, how great is it that you can get an ikat print men's suit for $129?" she added.
Staff Reports
ANNA — The Lehman Catholic girls basketball team battled to the end before losing 56-47 Thursday to Anna in non-conference action.
Lehman was tied 18-18 after the opening quarter, but trailed 28-22 at halftime and 47-35 after three quarters.
Lehman coach Craig Hall said he was pleased the team fought back after the Rockets took a 12-point lead.
“They could have laid down, there's no question about it,” Hall said. “We're probably not too different than any other school in that we've got a couple of kids not feeling 100 percent with the flu going around, with a lot of coughing and hacking. The kids wanted to play hard through that, and they laid it all on the floor.”
It's the third consecutive loss in what has been an up-and-down season for the 8-10 Cavaliers
Prior to the current losing streak, Lehman won three consecutive games.
“We tend to play to our competition, for good or bad,” Hall said. “I asked the girls before tonight's game to leave it all on the floor, and they did. …I'm proud of the effort the girls gave. I just asked them to make me a promise to give me this effort for the rest of the season. We'll see how it goes.”
Alanna O'Leary had 17 points and four steals, while Grace Monnin filled out the stat sheet with 12 points, six rebounds, three assists and four steals.
Rylie McIver had eight points and three steals, while Brogan McIver had four assists.
Lady Buccs
roll to win
COVINGTON — The Covington girls basketball team used a fast start to beat National Trail 71-44 in CCC action.
The Lady Buccs improved to 15-6 overall and 7-4 in the CCC. They will close the regular season hosting Tri-County North Thursday.
Covington jumped out to a 22-5 first quarter lead and never looked back.
The Buccs were in front 43-19 at halftime and 58-31 after three quarters.
Sammi Whiteman led Covington with 24 points.
Jordan Crowell hits five 3-pointers and scored 17 points, Tori Lyle netted 12 and Lillian Hamilton added eight.
Russia cruises
to SCAL win
RUSSIA — The Russia girls basketball team defeated Botkins 52-24 in SCAL action Thursday.
Russia improved to 14-5 overall and 8-2 in the SCAL, while Botkins dropped to 11-7 overall and 5-6 in the SCAL.
Russia plays at Fairlawn Saturday.
Houston falls
to Fort Loramie
HOUSTON — The Houston girls basketball team fell to Fort Loramie 56-35 in SCAL action Thursday.
Fort Loramie clinched a share of the SCAL title and is 14-4 overall and 10-0 in the SCAL. Houston is 6-13 overall and 3-8 in the SCAL.
Jess Monnier led Houston with 16 points.
Houston plays at Franklin Monroe Saturday.
Lady Tigers
clinch share
NEW KNOXVILLE — The Versailles girls basketball team clinched a share of the MAC title with a 48-32 win over New Knoxville Thursday night.
Versailles, 19-1 overall and 7-0 in the MAC, can win the title outright when it hosts St. Henry Thursday. Minster and Fort Recovery are both 6-1 in the MAC and play each other the same night.
The Lady Tigers led 17-4, 28-14 and 37-21 at the quarter breaks.
Danielle Winner led a balanced attack with 11 points.
Caitlin McEldowney scored eight, while Hailey McEldowney and Ellen Peters both netted seven.
Kelsey Custenborder added five.
AKM-GSI
Kylie and Tyga just split earlier this month, and the music festival in Indio, California, was their first major run-in since. "Kylie seemed desperate to avoid Tyga all weekend," an eyewitness told Radar about the 19-year-old reality star and her 27-year-old ex. "She was hanging with her friend Jordyn Woods on the festival grounds and the two of them had two huge hunky bodyguards shielding them whenever they went out into the crowd."
French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
An Algerian man drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago. Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years.
KUALA LUMPUR: A member of the Malaysian opposition party, Parti Pribumi Bersatu Malaysia, has called on Prime Minister Najib Razak to "explain if he used Cambridge Analytica to manipulate voters" in the last general elections.
In a video secretly recorded by Britain's Channel 4, the UK political consultancy accused of using private Facebook data to manipulate the US elections said it had "used a web of shell companies to disguise their activities in elections in Mexico, Malaysia and Brazil, among various countries where they have worked to sway election outcomes", according to Reuters.
Cambridge Analytica "supported Barisan Nasional with a targeted messaging campaign" in the 2013 general elections. pic.twitter.com/EdeYDCxkQO — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) March 20, 2018
Wan Saiful Wan Jan, the deputy chairman of strategy and policy of Dr Mahathir Mohamad's party, is questioning the role CA Political, a company related to Cambridge Analytica, played in Malaysia's last general elections.
"Prime Minister Najib Razak must explain if he used Cambridge Analytica to manipulate voters in GE13 and whether he is using unethical manipulation techniques in the upcoming GE14," he said in a statement.
"Cambridge Analytica claims on their website that they helped Najib win GE13.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The website of CA Political, a company related to Cambridge Analytica, says they 'supported Barisan Nasional in Kedah state with a targeted messaging campaign highlighting their school improvements since 2008'."
Bersatu supreme council member Mukhriz Mahathir was Barisan Nasional's deputy chairman for Kedah in 2013. He went on to become the state's chief minister before he was sacked and helped form the opposition party.
Opposition party Bersatu's @wansaiful says Malaysian PM Najib must explain if he used Cambridge Analytica to "manipulate voters in GE13". pic.twitter.com/gaRw1DOdml — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) March 20, 2018
"Whatever happened in Kedah in GE13, I cannot imagine the operation of this magnitude was run from (the) state level. Operations like this would normally be run from the centre," said Mr Wan Saiful, when asked if Mr Mukhriz had been privy to any use of Cambridge Analytica's services.
"I am more worried about what Najib will do now for GE14 rather than what Kedah state did in the past.
"That is why it is important for them to explain if they are planning the same for GE14."
Channel NewsAsia has sought a response from both Mr Mukhriz and Barisan Nasional.
Last year, local news portal Malay Mail Online reported Cambridge Analytica's parent company, SCL Group, denied Barisan Nasional was using its "big data" services for the coming 14th general elections.
Peace Regional RCMP and the RCMP's Major Crime Unit have arrested and charged four people in relation to the murder of 20-year-old Lawrence Robert Butt.
Butt, a Peace River resident, also went by Lawrence Villeneuve, according to the press release issued by the RCMP on June 12. His remains were found in a burned out holiday trailer on May 17, 2017 in the area near kilometre 20 on Reno Road East, also known as Township Road 810, approximately 40 kilometres southeast of Peace River.
Although the investigation is ongoing, the RCMP's Major Crimes Unit – North and Peace Regional RCMP Detachment would like to confirm that the following individuals have been charged in this matter:
Blake Murphy, 30, of Grande Prairie is charged with one count of First Degree Murder
Kyle Timothy Dubroy-Clement, 24, of Peace River is charged with Accessory after the Fact to Murder and Indignity to a Body.
Bonnie Lynne Casselton, 31, of Peace River is charged with Accessory after the Fact to Murder and Indignity to a Body.
Lucas Lloyd Lundstrom, 30, of Peace River is charged with Accessory after the Fact to Murder and Indignity to a Body.
Murphy appeared in Peace River Provincial Court on Monday June 12, with the remaining three scheduled to appear in provincial court in Peace River on June 26.
Additional details will not be provided at this time by the RCMP given that the investigation is ongoing, but updates will be provided given new information becoming available.
A spokesman for Picturehouse said it was ‘deeply disappointed' by the decision to strike during the film festival.
Cinema workers are to strike for two days during London's Sundance Film Festival in a dispute over pay and union recognition.
Members of cinema workers' union, Bectu, at four London cinemas in the Picturehouse chain will picket the opening night of the festival on Thursday outside Picturehouse Central near Piccadilly Circus in the capital.
They will also picket the festival on Saturday – with workers from Central, Hackney, East Dulwich and Crouch End Picturehouses all expected to take part.
.@idriselba's standout directorial debut, @YardieFilm, fuses the hard-boiled gangster genre with a dramatic coming-of-age period piece. Catch its UK premiere at #SundanceLondon, 1 & 3 June 🇬🇧 https://t.co/9J9y5Feg1V pic.twitter.com/9gIP4B8vpu — SundanceFilmFestival (@sundancefest) May 26, 2018
Sundance London will take place at Picturehouse Central until Sunday with the the likes of Idris Elba, Toni Colette and Ethan Hawke attending.
A spokesman for Picturehouse said it was “deeply disappointed” by the decision to strike during Sundance, labelling it “unnecessary and destructive”.
Workers claim the latest action in the dispute – which has been running for almost two years and relates to the London living wage, sick pay, maternity and paternity pay, and union recognition – is a result of Picturehouse failing to negotiate.
Last year the dispute received the support of several Hollywood stars including Sir Ian McKellen, Susan Sarandon, Andy Serkis and Andrew Garfield.
Picturehouse claimed only 8% of Bectu members had voted for the action and said they offered some of the best pay and benefits in the industry.
“It's disappointing to see a strike during Sundance Film Festival: London which is a celebration of independent film and a catalyst for a more inclusive film industry,” they said.
“In London we pay the equivalent of £9.99 per hour in an 8-hour shift as we choose to pay for breaks unlike many in the industry. Many staff members earn significantly more after monthly bonuses. This is considerably higher than the national living wage/minimum wage of £7.50 per hour,” the spokesman added.
Obi Saiq, a striker at Hackney Picturehouse, said: “We take no pleasure in disrupting the festival – but unless Picturehouse is willing to sit down and talk to its worker, we have no choice.
“We staff a chain of cinemas which makes over a hundred million pounds' worth of profit – but we go home to flats we can't afford to rent, and regularly have to choose between heating and food.”
The Essential Phone is here. Well, almost. We know the new phone is there somewhere but we have yet to see the real thing and get our hands on one. We're interested in any update about this device because it's Andy Rubin's next big project since leaving Google. We were told release would be revealed this week and now we've got a glimpse of at least the invite to the “First Look Event” happening in Los Angeles next Friday, August 25. Finally, we have a date to look forward to and it's not really far from today.
We're not certain who else are invited but we're guessing those who placed their pre-orders, at least, those living in LA and can possibly make it to the venue. The RSVP link has been provided and you only need to press a button to confirm attendance or otherwise.
We're also assuming that during the August 25 event, Essential Products will announce the exact date the Essential Phone will begin shipping. We have high hopes for this particular phone mainly because of the name Andy Rubin. The company may have already missed the deadline but it's not surprising for any tech company especially if you're new but Rubin is THE Father of Android. We'll see next week if it's fully ready and maybe hear an explanation why there was a delay.
VIA: 9TO5GOOGLE
Lindsay Lohan‘s parents are planning to sue a US senator for using their daughter's troubled past as a way to lash out at a CEO.
The incident in question occurred during a congressional hearing Wednesday as the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee grilled former Equifax CEO Richard Smith about the credit reporting firm's recent massive hack, according to Gossip Cop.
“Why in the world should you get a no-bid contract right now?” one of the committee members reportedly asked.
Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana then followed up this comment, by reportedly saying: “You realize to many Americans right now, that looks like we're giving Lindsay Lohan the keys to the mini-bar.”
Michael and Dina Lohan took exception to Kennedy referencing their daughter's past struggles with addiction.
“Dina and I are seeking legal counsel for Lindsay regarding the slanderous comments and unprofessional behavior of Senator John Kennedy (R-La.),” Michael told Gossip Cop. “His comment and analogy was inappropriate, slanderous and unwarranted. How dare he associate Lindsay with this case? Tell me, does he have a family member or friend with a former addiction problem? Wow, and he's a senator?”
Page Six has reached out to Kennedy for comment.
Andrew Duffy, Postmedia Network Jan 1, 2017
A new survey suggests that Canadians draw their deepest sense of pride from the country's big-hearted values, its outdoor splendours — and its stars of ice, stage and screen.
The online survey, by Ottawa-based Abacus Data, found that strong, shared values were the greatest wellspring of Canadian pride.
“We define these as freedom to live our lives as we see fit, a polite, open-minded attitude towards other people, a commitment to helping others — including making sure everyone has health care — and our steadiness over time,” said Abacus Data chairman Bruce Anderson.
Terry Fox topped the list of people who make Canadians proud. Half of those surveyed said the Marathon of Hope runner, who died in 1981 at the age of 22 after his heroic effort to raise money for cancer research, made them “really proud” of Canada.
Others who made Canadians flush with pride included Wayne Gretzky (29 per cent), Céline Dion (29), David Suzuki (28), Sidney Crosby (25), Leonard Cohen (24) and Gordie Howe (24).
Interestingly, Justin Bieber (one per cent) finished dead last on the list of 36 people who were presented as potential sources of pride, behind such figures as Conrad Black (five), Drake (seven), Ryan Reynolds (seven), Stompin' Tom Connors (nine), Milos Raonic (12) and Margaret Atwood (14).
Anderson said the place that Terry Fox continues to hold in the hearts of Canadians is remarkable.
“His struggle with cancer is something so many can relate to,” he said, “and his dogged effort to bring visibility and raise money for cancer research by launching a run along Canada's national highway touch many different chords that illustrate what Canadians admire about the country.”
To conduct the online survey, Abacus presented 1,848 Canadians aged 18 and older with items from a wide-ranging list, and asked them to rate the level of national pride each inspired. The survey was conducted in mid-December, and results were weighted according to census data to ensure the sample reflected age, gender and regional balances.
Freedom to live “as we see fit” in Canada was cited by more respondents (59 per cent) than anything else on the list. Terry Fox was the second most common source of pride, followed by the country's open-minded attitude “towards people who are different” (49 per cent).
Canadians also thumped their chests when they considered the country's dedication to politeness (46 per cent), the Rocky Mountains (45) and maple syrup (45).
They also took pride in Canada's embrace of the outdoors (42 per cent), its international reputation (39) and its multiculturalism (34). Respondents also took great pride in how Canadians cared for the environment (34 per cent) and each other through the public health-care system (32).
he surveys found some important generational differences.
Those under the age of 45 were more likely to cite as sources of pride Canada's multiculturalism and open-mindedness, its health-care system and its winters. The same cohort was less likely to cite the Rocky Mountains, maple syrup and Leonard Cohen.
Anderson said Abacus Data decided against adding politicians, such as Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, to the list of possible sources of national pride. “Sometimes,” he explained, “responses about politicians become mirrors of partisanship, and we were trying to step away from those types of considerations in looking for things that stir pride.”
He described the list of 78 people, places and ideas as “our entirely subjective scan” of some of the things they thought would be interesting to test: “There were many more that we could have included, but we needed to start somewhere.”
Top 20 things and people that make Canadians proud (% really proud)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
24 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Aaron Ramsey scored a hat-trick on Saturday as Arsenal thrashed Everton 5-1 in the Premier League at the Emirates with a display of free-flowing football that the Gunners have sorely lacked away from home this season.
LONDON,: Aaron Ramsey scored a hat-trick on Saturday as Arsenal thrashed Everton 5-1 in the Premier League at the Emirates with a display of free-flowing football that the Gunners have sorely lacked away from home this season.
The home side blasted in four in the first half to put the game beyond doubt, leaving their woeful midweek loss at Swansea well behind them.
Ramsey scored twice in the first half, either side of a headed goal from defender Laurent Koscielny.
The Gunners' new record signing, Gabon striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, renewed his scoring partnership with former Borussia Dortmund teammate Henrikh Mkhitaryan in the 38th minute, chipping his neatly flicked-in pass over the onrushing goalkeeper Jordan Pickford.
Everton's Theo Walcott was substituted off on the hour mark to a standing ovation from his former club, and was replaced by forward Dominic Calvert-Lewin who moments later headed in from close range.
The win leaves Arsenal unchanged in sixth place in the table, three points adrift of north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur, who visit Liverpool on Sunday. The Gunners travel to Spurs in a week's time.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Everton's loss pushes them down one spot in the table to 10th.
(Reporting by Hugh Lawson, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Getty Images
Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota said after Sunday's loss to the Cardinals that his play needs to improve and shrugged off concerns about a left knee injury that coach Mike Mularkey said he suffered early in the game.
That seems to be the Titans' feeling about any potential problem as well. Mularkey said Monday that the knee issue impacted the offensive play calling at points in the 12-7 loss because it limited what he felt would work, but that they don't expect it to be a problem moving forward.
Mularkey said that the team expects Mariota to practice on Monday. He added that left tackle Taylor Lewan should be able to practice as well. Lewan left Sunday's game with back stiffness and went for an MRI on Monday.
The Titans will be in Santa Clara to face the 49ers next Sunday as they try to nail down a playoff spot in the AFC.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
The Panel talks about the hurdles veterans have to go through to get government services
The Pakistani opposition party led by former cricket star Imran Khan is gaining ground in opinion polls ahead of a July 25 general election, with one survey showing it pulling ahead of the ruling party and another showing it only slightly behind.A survey by Pulse Consultant showed Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI, or Pakistan Justice Movement) ahead with the support of 30 percent of respondents nationwide, compared to 27 percent for its main rival, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N). The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was at 17 percent.A separate nationwide poll by Gallup Pakistan had PML-N on top with 26 percent, PTI with 25 percent and the PPP at 16 percent.Both polls were commissioned by Pakistan's Jang Media Group and were published on Wednesday in its affiliated newspaper, The News. They each surveyed about 3,000 people, with a margin of error of 1.6 percent for the Pulse survey and 2-3 percent for Gallup.The new polls indicate a swing towards Khan's party compared to similar nationwide polls in 2017, which put the PML-N 8-9 percentage points ahead of PTI.Khan's political fortunes have improved since PML-N leader Nawaz Sharif was removed as prime minister by the Supreme Court last year over undeclared assets.Sharif, who was disqualified from politics for life, now faces a verdict in an anti-corruption court on Friday along with his daughter Maryam, who is running for parliament. The case, which concerns the purchase of luxury apartments in London, could see Sharif jailed and Maryam disqualified.Sharif requested on Wednesday that the authorities delay the verdict until he returns to Pakistan from London, where he is taking care of his ailing wife. He said he would be back as soon as his wife's condition improves."I want to hear that decision in person standing in the courtroom," he told a press conference in London televised live by Pakistani TV channels.Asked if he would go back home regardless of the outcome in the case, Sharif said: "If it comes in my favour, or, God forbid, it comes against me, I will go back."Sharif has accused the military and courts conspiring to oust him and using legal cases and intimidation to help Khan's PTI party, accusations denied by Khan, the army and the judiciary.Khan, a former cricket captain of Pakistan, has portrayed the legal cases as a long-overdue corruption crackdown on the PML-N, which he has labelled a graft-ridden "mafia".
REUTERS: Chinese drone maker SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd is tightening data security on its drones after the U.S. Army ordered its members to stop using DJI drones because of "cyber vulnerabilities," a company official told Reuters on Monday.
The privately held Shenzhen-based company is speeding deployment of a system that allows users to disconnect from the internet during flights, making it impossible for flight logs, photos or videos to reach DJI's computer servers, Brendan Schulman, vice president of policy and legal affairs at DJI, said in an interview.
The security measure had been in the works for several months but DJI said it is bringing it out sooner than planned because of an Army memo earlier this month that barred service members from using DJI drones.
DJI said it has not had any communication with the Army about the issue. The Army had no immediate comment. The other branches of the military have not banned the use of drones by DJI, the largest consumer drone maker with millions of the devices sold.
"The Army memo caused customers to express renewed concern about data security" and prompted DJI to speed up data security changes, Schulman said.
Some drone pilots choose to share images and video with DJI, which makes them visible on its SkyPixel website. But many businesses and government customers have raised concerns about sensitive video and pictures - such as movie footage or images of critical infrastructure - and want to ensure it is never sent to DJI, he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
DJI said it does not collect images, video or flight logs from users unless they share them. But turning on the new "local data mode" will prevent accidental syncing with DJI's servers. Its drones do not rely on an internet connection to fly.
Cutting the link between the internet and DJI's controller apps that run on tablets and mobile phones will disable updates of maps, flight restrictions and other data that the controller application receives from the internet while the drone is in use, he said.
Schulman said DJI plans to make updates to its controller applications available by the end of September, earlier than previously planned. The new apps with local data mode may not be available in all countries if there are regulations that require pilots to have the most updated maps and information.
DJI had about 70 percent share of the global commercial and consumer drone market, analysts at Goldman Sachs and Oppenheimer estimated in 2016.
Goldman analysts estimated the market, including military, to be worth more than US$100 billion over the next five years.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Since the Republic of China national flag was deleted from Taiwan-related pages on certain US government Web sites, members of the opposition pan-blue camp have been jeering the government and accusing it of failing to uphold the nation's dignity.
However, this incident can be seen in the wider context, including the US' 2018 National Defense Authorization Act, which recommends resuming port-of-call visits between the US and Taiwanese navies, and the Taiwan Travel Act, which proposes lifting restrictions on interactions between the US and Taiwan.
Taken in this broader context, it could be seen as a signal that the US, prompted by China's increasingly forceful military threats to Taiwan, is seeking to clarify its “one China” policy. It is worth considering what signals the move, at this particular time, is meant to send to Taiwan and China.
There has in the past few months been more discussion, both in Taiwan and abroad, about possible Chinese aggression against Taiwan. The direct reasons for this are, of course, various things that have been happening since the Chinese Communist Party's 19th National Congress in October last year. These include circumnavigations of Taiwan by the Chinese aircraft carrier the Liaoning, harassment of Taiwan by Chinese fighter jets and China's unilateral activation of northbound air traffic on the M503 flight route.
There is nothing new about China's refusal to renounce using military force against Taiwan. It is just that this policy tends to be obscured by the smoke screen of China's peaceful “united front” policies and because peace is an important foundation of China-US relations.
However, in 2005, China enacted its “Anti-Secession” Law, which provides a basis in Chinese domestic law for taking military action against Taiwan. Taiwan must treat the possibility of armed aggression or invasion as a constant in cross-strait relations and take that into account when deciding on its national security policies, and our armed forces must be prepared for all eventualities, no matter how peaceful the situation might seem. It is perfectly reasonable for Taiwan to think along these lines.
If China were to attack Taiwan, it would not be a Chinese internal affair, as China claims. On the contrary, it would most definitely be an international affair. One reason to say so is that the country with the most influence over Taiwan's sovereignty, namely the US, does not recognize Taiwan as belonging to the People's Republic of China, and because the Taiwan Relations Act, which the US Congress drew up at the same time as the US established diplomatic relations with China, lays down in black and white the US' commitment to assist in defending Taiwan's security.
The US has been implementing the terms of the Taiwan Relations Act for 40 years without China being able to do anything about it. When China threatened Taiwan over its first direct presidential election in 1996, then-US president Bill Clinton ordered two aircraft carrier battle groups to sail close to Taiwan and remain there on standby, thereby demonstrating the US' strength of will regarding Taiwan's sovereignty.
Taiwan-friendly figures have been appointed to Taiwan-related departments in US President Donald Trump's administration, while Taiwan's strategic role has been defined as part of Trump's “free and open Indo-Pacific” plan, thus reaffirming the US' will to support Taiwan's sovereignty.
Australia captain Steve Smith will return home from the tour of India due to a shoulder injury, Cricket Australia announced just hours before the opener of a three-match Twenty20 series against the hosts on Saturday.
MUMBAI: Australia captain Steve Smith will return home from the tour of India due to a shoulder injury, Cricket Australia announced just hours before the opener of a three-match Twenty20 series against the hosts on Saturday.
Smith hurt his right shoulder diving in the field during the fifth and final one-day international against India at Nagpur on Sunday, adding injury to the insult of a 4-1 series loss for the visitors.
The board said an MRI scan had ruled out any serious injury and the 28-year-old would be fit for the start of the domestic season and lead Australia against arch-rivals England at home in the Ashes series starting on Nov. 23 in Brisbane.
"Following the (Nagpur) match, he (Smith) complained of shoulder soreness, which has not settled and is restricting his ability to bat and throw," team doctor Richard Saw said.
"Subsequently he has had an MRI scan which has excluded serious injury but we believe the best course of action is for him to not continue to aggravate his shoulder and allow it to recover.
"He will have further investigation upon his return to Australia but we remain confident he will be available for the start of the Sheffield Shield season."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Vice-captain David Warner would lead Australia in the Twenty20 series, while all-rounder Marcus Stoinis would replace Smith in the squad, Cricket Australia added in a statement.
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly; Editing by John O'Brien)
20th Century Fox has debuted a sneak peek at their upcoming Red Sparrow trailer that will be released this coming Sunday during the Super Bowl, while also releasing a new poster. The preview is only seven seconds long, but it reveals that Jennifer Lawrence's character Dominia Egorova saw something she wasn't supposed to see, the murder of a man in a parking garage, and because of this, she was given just two choices: die or become a "Sparrow." We'll have the full trailer on Sunday after it airs during the Super Bowl, but this preview comes exactly one month before the March 2 release date, arriving in traditional and IMAX theaters.
Dominika Egorova is many things. A devoted daughter determined to protect her mother at all costs. A prima ballerina whose ferocity has pushed her body and mind to the absolute limit. A master of seductive and manipulative combat. When she suffers a career-ending injury, Dominika and her mother are facing a bleak and uncertain future. That is why she finds herself manipulated into becoming the newest recruit for Sparrow School, a secret intelligence service that trains exceptional young people like her to use their bodies and minds as weapons.
After enduring the perverse and sadistic training process, she emerges as the most dangerous Sparrow the program has ever produced. Dominika must now reconcile the person she was with the power she now commands, with her own life and everyone she cares about at risk, including an American CIA agent who tries to convince her he is the only person she can trust. Director Francis Lawrence recently responded to claims that the movie is nothing more than an imitation of the Black Widow character from the Marvel Cinematic Universe, played by Scarlett Johansson. In fact, the movie is based on the 2013 novel by Jason Matthews, a former CIA operative, which won the 2014 Edgar Award for Best First Novel by an American Author.
Jennifer Lawrence leads a cast that also includes Joel Edgerton, Matthias Schoenaerts, Charlotte Rampling, Mary-Louise Parker and Jeremy Irons. This movie serves as a reunion for director Francis Lawrence and actress Jennifer Lawrence, since the filmmaker directed the actress in the last three Hunger Games movies. The director joined this adaptation in 2015, after it was rumored that Darren Aronofsky was being considered to direct. Ironically, Darren Aronofsky ended up working with Jennifer Lawrence anyway, with their controversial movie mother! that hit theaters last fall.
Francis Lawrence directs Red Sparrow from a script by Justin Haythe (The Lone Ranger), adapted from the book of the same name by Jason Mathews. Peter Chernin, Steve Zaillian, Jenno Topping and David Ready produce, with 20th Century Fox handing out a March 2, 2018 release date. As of now, Red Sparrow will only have to face one other new release, MGM's Death Wish remake starring Bruce Willis. Take a look at the Red SparrowSuper Bowl trailer preview, courtesy of 20th Century Fox YouTube.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for her offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for her offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
By AMY TAXIN
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse last week's decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia.
The court denied the request to immediately block the ruling. But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law.
For now, there are many questions on the impact of the ruling. Here are some of them:
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live. To ensure they didn't have a change of heart, patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect.
Compassion & Choices, a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated, estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law's first year.
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July.
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE?
Ottolia didn't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives. Rather, he found the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015.
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics.
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia's order has not yet considered the state's request to reverse the ruling. Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate his decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general's office.
What does all this mean for now?
"We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect," said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications can't legally get them now, said Dr. Lonny Shavelson, whose practice was solely focused on those cases.
Shavelson said he still is meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions. And he said he can't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored.
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to. But with the law not in effect, it's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide, which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments.
"I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients," he said.
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION?
Shavelson said he and his colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge's ruling. Similarly, Kaiser Permanente halted the health network's end-of-life program.
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription? Experts said that's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction.
Matt Valliere, executive director of the Patients' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out, said he believes doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide, which is a felony under California law.
Kathryn Tucker, executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project, said she doubts prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients. But she said she doesn't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty.
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW?
It's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure, but it took years for the state's now-blocked law to be passed. A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature.
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push.
"What's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature," she said.
Becerra's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bank of America Corp Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter markets revenue from sales and trading will likely be flat compared with a year earlier, depending on what happens in June.
NEW YORK: Bank of America Corp Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter markets revenue from sales and trading will likely be flat compared with a year earlier, depending on what happens in June.
Speaking at an investor conference on Wednesday, Moynihan also said the bank will continue to benefit from using share buybacks to dispose of excess capital because its stock "is still cheap."
Advertisement
(Reporting by David Henry and Imani Moise in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Mr. P‘s message, on Instagram, to his grieving colleague, D'Banj, has caused raised eyebrows.
D'Banj recently broke the silence on the death of his 13-month old son with a statement of appreciation to all those who have supported him in his trying period. The singer's post evoked reactions from a lot of people including Mr P.
The Ebeano singer dropped a comment in reaction to the post by D'Banj. He wrote, “we love you bro… stay strong… My son is your son. Remain blessed.”
See picture below.
-HITNG
Some 21,000 people arrived at the White House lawn on Monday for the annual Easter Egg Roll, typically one of the year's largest White House events and one that tested the hostessing chops of first lady Melania Trump.
Despite concerns that the event might not be well planned, all seemed to go off without a hitch. It was lower key and less flashy than in years past. The first lady's spokeswoman said she wanted to focus on the more traditional aspects of the longtime Easter Egg Roll.
Children and families roamed the lawn and stopped at picnic tables to make drawings that would be sent to troops overseas. They could toss beanbags and practice soccer at makeshift soccer goals set up by D.C. United or try their hand at Sean Spicer's job at a miniature press secretary podium set up on the lawn.
Laura Trevino of Lubbock, Texas, has entered the lottery for tickets for six years — with her daughter Madison — without any luck. She said she cried tears of joy when her husband, Rodrigo, a recruiter for the Air Force, broke the news that they had finally snagged a set for their family.
Monday morning, they were finally there, and she beamed as Madison and brother Joshua, 5, struck poses at the kid-sized press secretary podium. Madison wore a pink flowered dress and Joshua donned a dapper khaki hat.
"We've always wanted to go because we have such pride in our country," Laura Trevino said.
She was excited, too, to show her husband around the District of Columbia. A longtime member of the military, he had never been to the nation's capital.
"We wanted him to see what he was fighting for," Trevino said, adding that she was particularly excited to see the White House because she views President Donald Trump, whom she voted for, as being supportive of military families.
The affair was smaller than it was under first lady Michelle Obama, whose Easter Egg Rolls drew celebrities, professional athletes and big-name musicians. Stephanie Grisham, Trump's spokeswoman, said this week that the first lady decided to scale back the event because she worried it had grown too large, creating long lines for some activities.
The White House said military bands, the New Jersey-based pop-rock band Bro4, and the Martin Family Circus were set to perform and commemorative eggs were available. There will also be a "reading nook, music stage, official egg roll, and other fun events," according to the White House website.
The Easter Egg Roll drew about 35,000 people in 2016, when the Obama White House organized a carnival-like event that highlighted the first lady's "Let's Move" health and fitness initiative. That year, singer Idina Menzel, Silento and others performed and the young attendees watched cooking demonstrations by celebrity chefs and shot hoops and batted tennis balls on courts alongside professional athletes.
This year, the White House was slow to make tickets available or to detail its plans, leaving some of the event devotees to fret that the first family would do away with the longtime tradition, which dates back to 1878. Wells Wood Turning, the Maine company that has manufactured the commemorative wooden eggs in years past, sent a frantic tweet on Feb. 20 to President Trump and other members of the first family, warning that a manufacturing deadline was looming.
But the White House came through, releasing tickets in mid-March and distributing them via an online lottery and to "schools, children's' hospitals and military and law enforcement families," White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Thursday. He said 18,000 eggs have been ordered, "which is in line for years past."
- Thugs stormed the Nigerian Senate chamber on Wednesday, April 18, and stole the mace
- The thugs sponsored by suspended senator, Ovie Omo-Agege later dumped the Senate's symbol of authority by the roadside
- A look at Omo-Agege's action showed he breached the Legislative Houses (Powers and Privileges) Act of 2018
Reactions trailing the invasion of the Nigerian Senate chambers during plenary on Wednesday, April 18, is yet to die down.
Condemnations continue to pour in from prominent Nigerians over the action of All Progressives Congress (APC) senator, Ovie Omo-Agege from Delta state.
Omo-Agege, who is currently on suspension, defied the authority of the Senate, and stormed the hallowed chambers with thugs who made away with the mace - the red chamber's symbol of authority.
A look at the Legislative Houses (Powers and Privileges) Act of 2018 shows that Omo-Agege broke the law and should as a matter of fact, be heavily punished for his actions.
The Act under 'Conduct of Members' clearly states that the
“Any member of a legislative house who assaults or obstructs a member of the legislative house within the chamber or precincts of the house; or assaults or obstructs any officer of the legislative house while on execution of his duty....shall be guilty of contempt of the legislative house.”
The Act also stated the punishment that should be meted out to such a person.
See evidence below:
Excerpts from the Legislative Houses (Powers and Privileges) Act of 2018
Interestingly, President Muhammadu Buhari signed it into law earlier this year.
Senator Omo-Agege had openly opposed the red chamber's elections reordering bill and subsequently instituted a case against the Senate in court to avoid being punished for his actions.
The Senate ethics committee had earlier recommended that Omo-Agege be suspended for 181 days but the Senate reduced it after pleas from his colleagues.
TOP-4 Over-the-top Reactions of Nigerian Lawmakers to Certain Circumstances | NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
BFFs Katy Perry and Jeremy Scott hosted back-to-back events at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival to toast their latest lines. Up first: Jeremy Scott's all-night rager on Saturday night in honor of his colorful Candy Crush capsule collection with Moschino. The Candy Kingdom theme, complete with oversized lollipops and signs that read “Tasty” and “Delicious,” brought the addictive mobile phone game to life.
The atmosphere at the Moschino and Candy Crush party. Katie Jones / WWD / REX / Shutterstock The atmosphere at the Moschino and Candy Crush party. The atmosphere at the Moschino and Candy Crush party. (Katie Jones / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
Despite their packed plans, the two continued their fest tradition of partying into the wee hours of the morning together. The besties hopped onstage while Mia Moretti DJ'd, with Perry taking over the turntables at one point. The duo had barely enough time to recover before Perry's Easter brunch on Sunday in celebration of her shoe collection, but the party pros somehow managed to press refresh in time.
Also spotted pulling all-nighters: Kylie Jenner, Kristen Stewart, Rita Ora and Emily Ratajkowski showed up in time to catch Lil Yachty's crowd-pleasing, profanity-laced set. Before the madness unfolded, Scott chatted with WWD about his long history at the outdoor music extravaganza, becoming a morning person and his plans to mark his 20th anniversary as an independent designer.
WWD: How many years have you been to the fest?
Jeremy Scott: I've been coming to Coachella for more than 10 years. The first one I came to is when Björk played the first time, which maybe was 2002 and then I came repetitively to the festival and parties and events and things, but this is the 10-year anniversary of having my actual own party.
Zel Swag and Melvin Styles Katie Jones / WWD / REX / Shutterstock Zel Swag and Melvin Styles Zel Swag and Melvin Styles (Katie Jones / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
WWD: Why do you love Coachella?
J.S.: Because I'm from the OG side, I hang out in trailers all day long and make clothes for people I love. It's very much a part of me, and music is so much a part of what inspires me and what I design. It's a symbiotic relationship [with musicians] because what I create helps personify who they are. I'm inspired by what they're doing, they're inspired by what I'm doing, and sometimes then we also create things together.
WWD: Tell us about your Candy Crush collection.
J.S.: I wanted to bring the screen alive and wrap your swimsuit, wrap your backpack, wrap your shorts, and then I love their font and their little words like “tasty” and “sweet” and “delicious,” so we made Moschino in the same font to play with that. So many people love the game, and I love playing with pop culture in that way. It's something really unexpected. I do a lot of things with nostalgia of course, but this is something that's so pop culture today.
Mia Moretti Katie Jones / WWD / REX / Shutterstock Mia Moretti (Katie Jones / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
WWD: What makes your partnership with Moschino work?
J.S.: I think that my DNA and [Moschino founder] Franco [Moschino], so closely matched even though it's about different times and things, and at the same time I can still effortlessly embody the spirit of what the original brand stood for. That's why it makes so much sense and why it is so easy. I don't think that comes along that often, frankly.
WWD: Are you a late-night person?
J.S.: Lately I've been weirdly a morning person, and it's so odd because when you are for decades and decades a late-night person, all of a sudden you're like, “What am I doing up at seven? How'd this happen?!”
WWD: Did you take a power nap so you could stay awake for this rager?
J.S.: I thought I was going to and then I was like, ‘I'll have an iced green tea so I'll have a little kick of caffeine,' and I forgot to sort that out.
WWD: What's been the highlight of the fest?
J.S.: I saw this new up-and-coming rapper Cupcake. She performed at the Galore [magazine] party yesterday and she's really raw, she's really fresh. She's an East Coast rapper and she's dirty, super cute, super fun.
WWD: Are you going to be up in time to attend Katy Perry's brunch tomorrow?
J.S.: I swore to her I would go, so yes.
WWD: Who did you dress for the festival this year?
J.S.: I haven't really done anything custom for anybody. Obviously Serayah McNeill [is] wearing stuff. [Lady] Gaga has stuff. I don't know what she's going to wear. It's always one of those things: wait for your eggs to hatch to count your chickens.
WWD: What's next?
J.S.: September's my 20-year anniversary and I look so young! We're preparing for that doozy of a show for New York. I'm trying to manifest what I'm going to do. I have to design the collection. We're going to mark it as a really momentous occasion. It's 20 years of being an independent designer. And I'm your American boy.
WWD: You're 41. What keeps you young?
J.S.: SoulCycle! I think my best advice is laughter, literally just having fun.
Dilone from left, Jeremy Scott and Rita Ora. Katie Jones / WWD / REX / Shutterstock Dilone from left, Jeremy Scott and Rita Ora. Dilone from left, Jeremy Scott and Rita Ora. (Katie Jones / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
Caption Preparing for spring gardening Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Caption Preparing for spring gardening Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Caption Here's Isla Holbox is a flat, sandy, increasingly popular island off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Why is business booming? Because and a great place to see whale sharks. Isla Holbox is a flat, sandy, increasingly popular island off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Why is business booming? Because and a great place to see whale sharks. Caption America's most Irish city (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption NoMad collaborates with Curtis Stone Chef Curtis Stone of Gwen and Maude will be making the Gwen chicken burger as part of a collaborative effort with the NoMad food truck during March. The collaboration with various chefs in L.A. will allow NoMad to showcase different burgers, be part of the community and to draw attention to the opening, later this year, of the NoMad hotel downtown. Chef Curtis Stone of Gwen and Maude will be making the Gwen chicken burger as part of a collaborative effort with the NoMad food truck during March. The collaboration with various chefs in L.A. will allow NoMad to showcase different burgers, be part of the community and to draw attention to the opening, later this year, of the NoMad hotel downtown. Caption Why the Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pop out The Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pack the flavors of a Margherita pizza in a smaller form. The Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pack the flavors of a Margherita pizza in a smaller form.
ALSO
Despite Coachella's 'no-drugs' policy, cannabis brands are using the festival to build buzz
Celebrity tattoo artist Brian Woo, a.k.a. Dr. Woo, opens a secret studio inside a famous Hollywood hotel
Here's why the beauty world is embracing cannabis products like never before
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The Pakistani opposition party led by former cricket star Imran Khan appears to be gaining ground ahead of a July 25 general election, with one new poll showing it pulling ahead of the outgoing ruling party and another showing it only slightly behind.
ISLAMABAD: The Pakistani opposition party led by former cricket star Imran Khan is gaining ground in opinion polls ahead of a July 25 general election, with one survey showing it pulling ahead of the ruling party and another showing it only slightly behind.
A survey by Pulse Consultant showed Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI, or Pakistan Justice Movement) ahead with the support of 30 percent of respondents nationwide, compared to 27 percent for its main rival, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N). The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was at 17 percent.
Advertisement
A separate nationwide poll by Gallup Pakistan had PML-N on top with 26 percent, PTI with 25 percent and the PPP at 16 percent.
Both polls were commissioned by Pakistan's Jang Media Group and were published on Wednesday in its affiliated newspaper, The News. They each surveyed about 3,000 people, with a margin of error of 1.6 percent for the Pulse survey and 2-3 percent for Gallup.
The new polls indicate a swing towards Khan's party compared to similar nationwide polls in 2017, which put the PML-N 8-9 percentage points ahead of PTI.
Khan's political fortunes have improved since PML-N leader Nawaz Sharif was removed as prime minister by the Supreme Court last year over undeclared assets.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sharif, who was disqualified from politics for life, now faces a verdict in an anti-corruption court on Friday along with his daughter Maryam, who is running for parliament. The case, which concerns the purchase of luxury apartments in London, could see Sharif jailed and Maryam disqualified.
Sharif requested on Wednesday that the authorities delay the verdict until he returns to Pakistan from London, where he is taking care of his ailing wife. He said he would be back as soon as his wife's condition improves.
"I want to hear that decision in person standing in the courtroom," he told a press conference in London televised live by Pakistani TV channels.
Asked if he would go back home regardless of the outcome in the case, Sharif said: "If it comes in my favour, or, God forbid, it comes against me, I will go back."
Sharif has accused the military and courts conspiring to oust him and using legal cases and intimidation to help Khan's PTI party, accusations denied by Khan, the army and the judiciary.
Khan, a former cricket captain of Pakistan, has portrayed the legal cases as a long-overdue corruption crackdown on the PML-N, which he has labelled a graft-ridden "mafia".
(Writing by Asif Shahzad; Editing by Peter Graff)
By Mildred Siabi-Mensah, GNA
Takoradi, April 24, GNA - The Western Regional Elections Committee of the New Patriotic Party (NPP), has applauded members of the party for the peaceful and successful delegates' conference to pick new regional officers.
The Chairperson, Hajia Saudatu Saeed, said the tolerance and political maturity demonstrated by both the contestants and the delegates was highly commendable.
Speaking to the Ghana News Agency (GNA) in Takoradi, she said they should all pat themselves for the incident-free election.
She also gave high marks to the Electoral Commission (EC), the body that supervised the polls for the excellent job done.
Hajia Saeed, who is the Regional Women's Organizer, called for all to unite behind the elected leaders to grow the party and boost its appeal to voters.
"Our internal democratic pillars have become entrenched” and she reminded everybody that this was something they should continue to jealously protect.
She congratulated all those who put themselves up for election into various positions to serve the party they so much loved.
GNA
The aircraft is understood to have crashed at just after 1.20pm today.
North Yorkshire Police, the fire service and paramedics are all currently at the scene near Aldborough, Boroughbridge.
A police spokesman said it was not yet possible to confirm any information about casualties.
North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service said on social media that four fire crews had been sent to the scene.
Aldborough is close to RAF Dishforth - a site used by both the RAF and the British Army, and formerly home to Apache and Lynx helicopters.
An uninvited intruder left the judges shaken when he slammed their buzzers during Tuesday night's second Britain's Got Talent semi-final show.
But this one probably didn't have such sinister intentions.
A member of the BGT 2018 production team got caught on stage during gymnastic act Acrocadabra's performance.
The skilled dancers showed off their acrobatic skills while performing magic tricks.
One particular moment included a see-through box which was a part of the act – but something was't quite right.
The Wife of Kebbi Governor, Dr Zainab Bagudu, has donated Breast Cancer screening kits to 500 Women in Gwandu local government area.
Bagudu also donated textile materials, hijabs and foodstuffs to the women as part of activities marking the 2018 the World Hijab Day in the state.
Zainab, who was represented by the state Commissioner for Women Affairs, Hajiya Tsahara Bawa, said that over 200 ladies had undergone free Genotype test organised by the state Sickle Cell Association (KRSCA).
She urged women of all faiths to imbibe a dress code that dignified womanhood.
“The dresses worn by some women nowadays are provocative and immoral.”
She, therefore, advised women to wear decent clothes so that men would not belittle or address them immorally.
She further urged women to propagate the wearing of Hijab as a symbol of honour for women.
In his remarks, the Chairman of Gwandu Local Government Area, Alhaji Shehu Dalijan, commended the donor for choosing the area for part of activities marking the World Hijab Day in the state.
Dalijan urged women to strive to improve on their education and health.
The World Hijab Day, a movement to encourage religious tolerance and understanding worldwide, is an annual event founded by Nazma Khan in 2013.
Khan is a philanthropist, social activist, and social entrepreneur.
The event is marked on Feb. 1 in 140 countries worldwide to encourage women of all religions and backgrounds to wear and experience the hijab.
President Trump won't be missing much at the White House Correspondents' Association gala he's skipping on April 29.
Hasan Minhaj, who was named last week as the entertainment at the event, underwhelmed the crowd at the Comedy Cellar on MacDougal Street as a special surprise the other night.
“He came up to the stage with 10 pages of jokes to try out on us,” one patron told me. “But his jokes fell flat. The audience laughed maybe three times.”
Minhaj, a senior correspondent on Comedy Central's “The Daily Show With Trevor Noah,” had some one-liners about Wolf Blitzer, Anderson Cooper and Bill O'Reilly, but focused on Trump.
“One was about the crucial strategic decisions Trump has to make, like picking between a sand wedge and gap wedge when golfing,” my source said. Minhaj admitted the material needed work.
“Comedy clubs usually save the best for last, but he bombed, with the previous handful of comedians outshining him tenfold.”
No president has skipped the annual “nerd prom” since Ronald Reagan was a no-show in 1981. But Reagan had a good excuse: He was recovering from being shot in an assassination attempt.
Supporters of President Emmerson Mnangagwa's nephew, Tongai yesterday staged a demonstration in Harare South after he failed to make it onto the list of candidates selected to contest primary elections to represent the ruling party in the National Assembly polls.
On Saturday, Zanu-PF secretary for the commissariat Engelbert Rugeje announced the names of people who would be representing the ruling party in the forthcoming elections set for July this year and much to the chagrin of his supporters, Tongai's name was missing.
Eleven people, including Tongai's bitter rival, war veterans leader Douglas Mahiya, qualified for the primary elections that will be held this Sunday. Zanu-PF supporters in the area, backing the president's relative, swiftly poured into the streets demonstrating their anger.
Contacted for comment, Tongai repeated his uncle's popular refrain, "the voice of the people is the voice of God" and said he will listen to the people of Harare South.
"I have been away for a few days only to hear unconfirmed reports on social media platforms that my CV was rejected by the national commissariat. I have not received any official communication regarding this issue," Tongai told the Daily News.
"If it's true that my CV was rejected, it would be a sad day for Zanu-PF and democracy especially when ... Mnangagwa has been stressing that the people's voice should be heard.
"Am ready to present my manifesto to the people of Harare South like any other candidate and if awarded the opportunity to serve, am I willing to be a servant leader to them.
"I believe I have served the party well and I have been a committed cadre for over 20 years. I pray and hope that it's not true that am not in the race," said Tongai.
But he is not in the race, with the list - apart from Mahiya - also including Peter Mathambo, Reclif Chikwenhure, Tonderayi Nkomo, Monday Mugwisi, Leonard Tarwirei, Henry Ziwerere, Kingston Gudyanga, Paul Mafinini, Maxwell Munondo, Nyasha Madzamba.
Yesterday some of the Zanu-PF supporters said if their candidate is not in the primary elections race, then there is no need to hold them.
"Harare South, we are going to be used as a case study for rebellion. Bhora musango, mark my words," said one of the fuming demonstrators.
Another one quipped, "Takamira namudhara wake gore riya zvakaoma tikafamba nema passport muhomwe (We stood by his uncle when odds were against him and we are going to stand by him)."
Mnangagwa was hounded from Zimbabwe and jumped the Mozambican border after claims he had been marked for assassination by former president Robert Mugabe, who had fired him.
With the help of the military, Mnangagwa went on to turn the tables against his tormentors, making a triumphant return to be president after a military takeover.
Another supporter of Tongai said since they now have a listening president, they will launch cyber appeals to ensure the decision to block their preferred candidate was overturned.
"The good thing now is that we have a listening president, there is no going back, let us go to his Facebook page and lay our grievances, he will listen to us.
"He has told us to use the social media, so let us do that," said another protestor.
Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk tweeted that the electric carmaker was "deep in production hell", just days after the company said it would fall behind its planned ramp-up for the new Model 3 sedan due to production bottlenecks.
REUTERS: Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk on Friday pushed back the unveiling of the company's big rig truck until mid-November, tweeting that the electric vehicle maker was diverting resources to fix production bottlenecks of its new Model 3 sedan and to help Puerto Rico.
Musk said Tesla's Model 3 was "deep in production hell" echoing his own comments in July, when he showed off some of the first cars of that model.
The Model 3 could help Tesla approach its goal of becoming more of a mass market producer. Recent comments have tempered expectations about the speed of the increase in production, though.
Musk's comments came after the close of stock trading on Friday. The company's shares fell 0.8 percent in extended trading.
The Palo Alto, California-based company delivered just 220 Model 3 sedans and produced 260 in the third quarter. It had planned to produce more than 1,500.
Musk also tweeted the company was diverting resources to increasing battery production to help hurricane-hit Puerto Rico, where most residents remain without electricity.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Earlier this week Tesla reported that "production bottlenecks" had left it behind the planned ramp-up for the Model 3.
In response to a Tesla customer asking if he would get his car delivered this year, Musk tweeted, "December will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now."
A Wall Street Journal report said parts of Model 3 were being made by hand as recently as early September, adding to production delays. (http://on.wsj.com/2kt5E17)
Musk also said Tesla would reschedule the unveiling of its semi-truck to Nov. 16 as it focuses on fixing production issues tied to Model 3 and increases battery production for Puerto Rico.
The unveiling of the truck, called Tesla Semi, has been delayed for the second time this year. Musk had initially said the truck would be unveiled in September, but he later rescheduled it to late October.
"Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now," Elon replied to a Twitter user who asked him about the specifications of the semi-truck.
Reuters in August reported that the truck would have a working range of 200-300 miles.
Earlier in the day, Musk said the company will send more battery installers to Puerto Rico to help restore power after Hurricane Maria knocked out power on the island over two weeks ago.
(Reporting by Munsif Vengattil in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Henderson and Anil D'Silva and David Gregorio)
The 41-year-old retired from boxing last year with a perfect 50-0 record, after beating UFC superstar Conor McGregor.
He still remains in the sport thanks to his promotional brand Mayweather Promotions and one of the most promising prospects under his name is 19-year-old Josue Vargas (11-1).
In the footage, the undefeated fighter can be seen unloading a trio of destructive right hands onto the teenager while demonstrating his iconic evasive skills.
The youngster tries to respond but is unable to match the speed of the legendary five-weight world champion.
More than 820,000 of The Money's fans have seen the clip since it was posted yesterday.
But, in a video posted shortly afterwards, Vargas slammed Mayweather for releasing the footage without his permission.
“The best fighter in the world, the pound-for-pound number one that I looked up to growing up as a fighter,” Vargas began.
LONDON: Global stock markets faltered on Wednesday (Jul 4) as China-US trade tensions simmered ahead of the introduction of new tariffs.
Key European equity indices London and Frankfurt were lower at the close, after a downbeat session in Asia, while Paris managed to eke out tiny gains.
Advertisement
Market volumes were subdued with Wall Street closed for the Independence Day holiday.
"European markets have struggled ... hit by further China worries," noted analyst Chris Beauchamp at trading firm IG.
In Asia, Shanghai stocks twisted lower before US President Donald Trump's new tariffs kick in on Friday.
The US is due to begin enforcing tariffs on more than US$30 billion (€25.8 billion) in Chinese imports as retribution for what Washington describes as Beijing's theft of American technology and other unfair trade practices.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Beijing has vowed to respond with its own tariffs immediately, which Trump has said will invite far steeper US counter-measures, potentially covering another US$400 billion in Chinese goods.
"There remain worries about the impact of a possible US-China trade war on both the Chinese economy with potential fall out across the wider Asian region," said City Index analyst Fiona Cincotta.
US authorities have meanwhile blocked a seven-year application from China Mobile to enter the domestic market, citing national security concerns.
However, in a contrasting development, Washington has temporarily allowed Chinese telecoms company ZTE to resume some activities.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
CHINA CONCERN
Concerns remain for the Shanghai stock market, which is down more than 20 per cent from its January high on concerns about a slowing Chinese economy.
The yuan is also under pressure, though it levelled after a rally on comments from central bank chief Yi Gang, who pledged to keep the exchange rate stable and avoid using the currency as a weapon in any trade war.
Oil prices diverged, after earlier climbing on the prospect of tumbling Iranian crude exports in the face of new US sanctions.
Saudi Arabia has said it is prepared to boost supply to balance the market, but traders are also weighing factors like Libyan supply disruption and rising UD demand.
Key figures around 1540 GMT:
London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.3 per cent at 7,573.09 points (close)
Frankfurt - DAX 30: DOWN 0.3 per cent at 12,317.61 (close)
Paris - CAC 40: UP 0.1 per cent at 5,320.50 (close)
EURO STOXX 50: UP 0.2 per cent at 3,412.37
New York - Dow: Closed for national holiday
Tokyo - Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.3 per cent at 21,717.04 (close)
Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 1 per cent at 2,759.13 (close)
Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 1.1 per cent at 28,241.67 (close)
Euro/dollar: DOWN at US$1.1640 from US$1.1642 at 2100 GMT
Pound/dollar: UP at US$1.3216 from US$1.3143
Dollar/yen: DOWN at 110.54 yen from 110.86 yen
Oil - Brent Crude: UP 9 cents at US$77.85 per barrel
Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 27 cents at US$73.87 per barrel
AP
Ezekiel Elliott‘s legal fight may ultimately cost him nothing.
From the appeal through any litigation, the NFL Players Association will be shouldering the financial burden arising from the effort, with one caveat. If Elliott chooses his own lawyer, Elliott will be on his own financially.
The NFLPA has had plenty of success with its own lawyers. Five years ago, it was litigation pressure from the NFLPA that ultimately forced Commissioner Roger Goodell to delegate the appeals of the Saints players suspended in the bounty scandal to an independent arbitrator. And the independent arbitrator — former Commissioner Paul Tagliabue — overturned the suspensions.
The lawyer(s) ultimately calling the shots for Elliott have an important decision to make, sooner than later. With the league rushing to file a lawsuit in a favorable forum two years ago upon denying the appeal of Tom Brady‘s suspension, the league may be ready to do the same thing with Elliott. So maybe Elliott should do it first, picking the location and the judge and launching the attack on the league's inherently flawed judge-jury-executioner procedures now.
Man On The Strand: Grammar
Tyler hit the streets to find out why grammar is so important!
By Lin Chia-nan / Staff reporter
The Environmental Protection Administration (EPA) yesterday held an expert meeting to evaluate the monitoring standards for offshore wind farm projects, at which an expert said that the standards should be backed up by more solid research on the marine environment around the project sites.
The agency on Nov. 29 said that its Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) Committee had given initial approval to 19 projects with an aggregate capacity of 10.07 gigawatts.
The committee has required developers to demarcate an alert region with a 750m radius around a wind turbine, within which the maximum allowed sound exposure level of construction should be kept below 160 decibels, the EPA said.
Yesterday's meeting aimed to establish “consistent” standards for the agency to monitor noise control methods at offshore wind farm projects, EPA Deputy Minister Chan Shun-kuei (詹順貴) said.
Current EIA procedure does not mandate sufficient risk assessment for offshore wind power projects, said Awareocean Technology Co general manager Chan Hsiang-chih (湛翔智), who is an ocean science and technology expert.
Most people are unfamiliar with the marine environment in the Taiwan Strait, where the offshore wind farm projects are to be realized, and each EIA committee meeting tends to produce new views on how projects' environmental effects should be assessed, Chan Hsiang-chih said.
The EPA could learn from the UK government, which evaluates energy developers' projects based on their “project design envelope,” he said.
UK developers may submit various proposals for the construction and operation of their wind farms, while the supervising agency may require that they submit impact analyses based on worst-case scenarios, he said.
The EPA should impose stricter standards at first and gradually relax restrictions as more studies on marine ecology become available, he added.
Most developers have submitted noise control plans to reduce the effects of offshore development on whales and dolphins, but they pay little attention to other marine creatures, such as benthos — communities of organisms living on sea beds — Changhua Environmental Protection Union president Shih Yueh-ying (施月英) said.
The monitoring standards will be finalized by the end of next year, before the first developers are expected to begin construction on their offshore wind farms, Chan Shun-kuei said, adding that Bureau of Environmental Inspection officials would be responsible for monitoring offshore construction work.
Asked whether the EPA had vessels at its disposal to monitor the developers, Chan Shun-kuei said the agency would consider borrowing ships from the Coast Guard Administration or could use developers' ships.
Tac Hirama, JA7QVI, has completed all requirements for the Worked All States (WAS) award on 6 meters. New Jersey was the last state he needed to work, and he managed a moonbounce (EME) contact as well as a conventional ionospheric contact.
It's quite possible that JA7QVI is the first radio amateur to earn WAS on 6 meters from Japan, although that cannot be confirmed. Completing WAS on 6 meters was a major goal for him, Hirama said, and an Earth-Moon-Earth contact with Andy Blank, N2NT, on June 17 clinched the deal. He'd been working on achieving WAS on 6 meters since 1977.
JA7QVI now has accomplished WAS on 10 bands, 160 through 6 meters.
But Ngobese said Conco left Nomkhubulwane three or for years ago and she had heard that Conco was recruited by a political party during the 2014 general elections to woo young girls for votes.
Ngobese said she was surprised when she was called by newspapers on Friday inquiring about her directorship of Nomkhubulwane after news broke that Conco was Zuma's bride-to-be.
“What irritates me is that she claims to be a director of my organisation while she left a long time ago to live her own life. What director was she? Because she was just a participant and she has no direction herself‚” said Ngobese.
“I was surprised when I was contacted by newspapers asking me about her and I said it's been a long time since I saw her. I heard from other young girls that they had a social media group where they communicated and she talked about getting married.”
Ngobese described Conco's behaviour of getting pregnant before marriage as “shameful”.
“She is exploiting other girls to what she is doing. Girls are very ashamed of what she has done. How can a wife be tested‚ and has a wife ever been accompanied by young girls when getting married?” fumed Ngobese.
Conco‚ 24‚ a former massage-parlour owner‚ has been visiting the Nkandla compound since she was 19‚ according to her unverified Twitter account.
She is reportedly ready to settle with the former president‚ who is 52 years her senior.
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Police departments around Luzerne County will conduct DUI checkpoints this weekend.
Departments in the areas of the Back Mountain, Hazleton, Mountain Top, Pittston and Wilkes-Barre will conduct stops as part of the Luzerne County Impaired Driving Program.
Police remind people that if they are going to be impaired, they should get a ride.
— BILL WELLOCK
A MUM has been left horrified and unable to sleep after spotting what some are claiming is a ghostly apparition of a child in a photo she took.
KENNEDY NEWS AND MEDIA GHOST: Laura Watson, second right, took the photo which revealed a terrifying apparition
Laura Watson was with her two children and their cousin at Plessey Woods Country Park, Northumberland, when she snapped an innocent-enough picture of the three children climbing a large tree. But she was terrified, when examining the photo, to see a chilling figure standing just behind her son Byrin, nine. Laura, from Newcastle, insists that a figure is in the photograph, despite no one being there apart from son Byrin, daughter Charlotte Hill, 15, and their cousin Jack. The "face" is ghostly white, with dark staring eyes, and what appears to be a hand reaching out for her son's shoulder.
KENNEDY NEWS AND PICTURES SPINE-CHILLING: The ghostly figure appears to reach out for the boy's shoulder
Ghosts spotted on Google Maps Haunting Google Maps stills have uncovered eerie apparitions 1 / 6 Google Maps A small 'demon' child stands in front of a house in the US state of Indiana
“Some people have said I must have photoshopped it as they can't believe it” Laura Watson Although sceptical of ghosts and the paranormal, Laura says she can't think of another explanation for the figure, and is planning a return trip to the woods. "It's very unusual and everyone is really freaked out," she said. "Me and my daughter couldn't even go to sleep last night because we were so scared. "My husband is on night shifts and I was alone and I was like 'Oh God'.
Mystery 'UFO' over China baffles millions Footage of the strange light are making waves on Chinese internet 1 / 6 www.xuehua.us The bizarre shape hangs suspended over the Chinese city
"I was terrified in case anything had followed us back." Laura says she has had people on Facebook sending her prayers. It's been speculated that the figure is that of a young boy who drowned in the river many years ago. "It looks like a child to me," Laura said. "I don't know if it's a girl or a boy.
JFK assassination CONSPIRACY: What really happened the to US President? While Lee Harvey Oswald was posthumously blamed for the shooting of John F Kennedy, conspiracy theorists believe the was just a patsy. A range of theories have developed over the years, with some blaming Fidel Castro, the CIA or the Mafia for the killing. In total, Former Los Angeles District Attorney Vincent Bugliosi estimated that a total of 42 groups, 82 assassins, and 214 people have been linked to the killing 1 / 13 Popperfoto/Getty Images Bystanders look on as Jacqueline Kennedy reaches over to help her husband, American President John F. Kennedy who lies on the rear of a car after being struck by an assassin's bullet
This photo confirmed by CBS News shows a suspect after his explosive device detonated in an underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York City Dec. 11, 2017.
A man detonated an improvised explosive device in an underground passageway at a major commuter hub in New York City Monday morning, officials said. New York Police Commissioner James O'Neill identified the suspect as Akayed Ullah, 27, who sustained injuries from the blast and was in police custody.
CBS News
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said the incident was an attempted terror attack.
"Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals," de Blasio said.
The passageway underneath 42nd Street in Manhattan connects the subway stations at Times Square and the Port Authority Bus Terminal and would have been packed with commuters during the morning rush. O'Neill said the suspect was heading toward the Times Square subway station when the device detonated.
Update regarding explosion at 42nd St and 8th Ave, in subway: One male suspect is in custody. No injuries other than suspect at this time. Avoid the area. Subways bypassing #PortAuthority and Times Square Stations. Info is preliminary. pic.twitter.com/bEAdjq8mYc — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
A photo confirmed by CBS News showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind his back.
O'Neill said three other people in the immediate area of the blast were also injured. Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro said they suffered minor injuries consistent with being in the area of an explosion such as ringing in the ears and headaches. They transported themselves to area hospitals.
Nigro said the suspect sustained burns to his hands and abdomen in addition to lacerations. He was taken to a Manhattan hospital.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device. They were investigating how it was made, and combing through surveillance footage that captured the blast on video.
A video posted on social media and confirmed by CBS News showed the security footage. In it, a man walks through the crowded pedestrian tunnel and the bomb suddenly going off in a plume of white smoke. Through the smoke, the suspect is then seen sprawled on the ground as bystanders flee.
BREAKING VIDEO: MOMENT OF EXPLOSION AT TIMES SQUARE SUBWAY STATION pic.twitter.com/bb6nEPwfqD — Breaking911 (@Breaking911) December 11, 2017
Deputy Police Commissioner John Miller said that the device was based on a pipe bomb and was affixed to the suspect's body with a combination of Velcro and zip ties.
CBS News has learned that the suspect was from Bangladesh and had a second device.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said that President Trump had been briefed on the incident.
.@POTUS has been briefed on the explosion in New York City — Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 11, 2017
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," she said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
Video from above the "Crossroads of the World" showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down - a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
Subways were rerouted around the area but were expected to be back to normal by the evening rush, Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joe Lhota said.
Across town at U.N. headquarters, the secretary-general's office has been monitoring the situation and speaking with the police, CBS News foreign affairs analyst Pamela Falk reports.
Photo: Chip Somodevilla (Getty Images)
The Federal Communications Commission is moving forward with its plan to repeal the net neutrality protections put in place by the Obama administration in 2015. That has not stopped lawmakers in California from taking action to protect the open internet in their state.
On Wednesday, the California State Senate approved a bill that would impose even stricter rules than those put in place by the Obama FCC to protect net neutrality. As Ars Technica reports, the vote happened just ahead of the FCC's planned repeal date of June 11, less than two weeks from now.
The bill, SB 822, was introduced by State Sen. Scott Wiener, a Democrat from San Francisco, in January. It would include a lot of the same provisions as the 2015 federal protections—a bans on throttling, blocking content and paid prioritization. It would also include a ban on paid data-cap exemptions. The bill also prohibits “misleading marketing practices and enacts strong disclosure requirements to better inform consumers,” according to an announcement from Weiner.
Advertisement
SB 822 passed the California Senate with a vote of 23-12. All the votes to approve came from Democrats. The 12 nos were Republicans.
Now the bill just has to pass the State Assembly—which is a Democratic majority—as well as Democratic governor Jerry Brown.
Lawmakers in the state of New York are considering a similar bill.
The Vintage Voices Community Committee has chosen eight sites with ten characters who were influential to Alton's history during the turn of the century. Loretta Williams will portray May Olive Gillham and Diana Kay will join her as Bertha Whitney - both ladies were inspiring teachers. Kerry Miller will portray James M. Maupin - a prominent architect with many historic homes still standing in the Alton area. Gail Drillinger will portray Mrs. Henry Watson - philanthropist who donated the land for Riverfront Park. Adam King will portray Mr. William Luecth, a WWI veteran, while Shawn Williams and Lorenzo Small take on the roles of featured soldiers Capt. Arnold Wilson Cisco and 2nd Lt. George Edward Cisco. Both men were Tuskegee Airmen and highlight a significant piece of American History. David Boase will then take on the role of "historian" as Andrew Carnegie and enlighten visitors about the history of the Library System. Parker Grassle will portray Nick Taneakas, a young drowning victim who reminds us of the powerful forces in Mother Nature and finally, John Meehan portrays Richard Galbaly, a glassblower who represented Illinois Glass at an exhibition in Paris, France.
MARK YOUR CALENDARS TO ENJOY A FALL WALK THROUGH THE BEAUTIFUL AND MAJESTIC ALTON CEMETERY AS ALTON'S RICH HISTORY COMES TO LIFE!
October 7th & 8th - October 14th and 15th from 11:30am to 2:45pm.
A special, non-walking tour will be at Alton Little Theater Friday, October 13th at 5pm (in the auditorium with wine and cheese reception).
Tickets are $15 for Adults, $10 for Students Under 18, $20 for Non-Walking Tour
Tickets are sold through the Alton Regional Convention & Visitors Bureau, during ALT's live operator box office and at the main gate.
The Brazil international has had a rollercoaster season at Stamford Bridge this season.
There has been talk of the 29-year-old leaving the Blues this year after five years at the club after reports he and boss Antonio Conte have fallen out.
Willian and a number of pundits have been left mystified at his lack of playing-time, but despite these concerns the ex-Shakhtar winger has missed just two Premier League games and played a total of 55 games this season.
However, Conte's treatment of fellow Brazilians David Luiz and Kenedy has had an impact on the working relationship between the two.
Perhaps most telling was an incident after Chelsea won the FA Cup, following a 1-0 win over United last month.
Getty Images
The Lions are in need of tight end depth after releasing Eric Ebron and losing Darren Fells in free agency.
To that end, Detroit hosted free agent tight end Logan Paulsen, Field Yates of ESPN reports. Brent Celek and Luke Willson already have visited.
Paulsen, 31, played 14 games last season, but the 49ers used him mostly as a run blocker and on special teams. He played 144 snaps on offense and 154 on special teams. Paulsen made no catches on only two targets.
He began his career with Washington in 2010 and spent 2016 with the Bears and 2017 with the 49ers. Paulsen has 82 career catches for 816 yards and six touchdowns.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio- A busy road reopens after being closed for nearly a year.
Muskingum Avenue — also known as Dug Road — was shut down earlier this year after falling rock fell into the road causing major safety concerns. The city shut the road down while they worked to find a solution to fix it.
“We had two major slips. Large rocks come off the hillside,” said Mayor Jeff Tilton. “One actually got on the roadway and a car hit it. A second one was a large rock plus a tree that fell down.”
Now the road is being reopened today allowing motorists access between Putnam and Pine Street. Mayor Tilton said the city found a way to protect drivers on the road and believes this is the first step in the right direction.
“We have what they call jersey barriers in place that control one lane of traffic and so there's a buffer zone between the hillside and the traffic as it moves.”
The hope is that the barrier will keep any falling rock from rolling into the road where it can cause an accident. The city did have to make some adjustments to the road to accommodate the barrier.
“It's only one lane of traffic. It will be controlled by traffic signal…but it will be both ways so that people can come from Putnam and also come from Pine Street,” said Tilton.
Mayor Tilton says there's still work to be done. At some point the city would like to push the hill back to help make the road even safer, but they don't currently have the money to fund the project. As for whether or not the road closure affected businesses, Tilton says the closure was necessary.
“There's been questions of hurting the businesses on the lower end of Muskingum Avenue, but we've got to make it safe for our citizens. And we feel that this is the safest alternative we have at this time.”
This post is part of Blues Day on PHT…
When considering the future of the St. Louis Blues, especially looking at their Cap Friendly page, the immediate thought is that they're really “locked in” to their current core group.
So … let's start this Blues cap analysis by looking at that very core group.
Mostly ripe core
As of this moment, nine key players are signed through at least the next three seasons at a total cap cost of $47.425 million:
Vladimir Tarasenko: $7.5M through 2022-23
Alexander Steen: $5.75M though 2020-21
Jaden Schwartz: $5.35M through 2020-21
Patrik Berglund: $3.85M through 2021-22
Vladimir Sobotka: $3.5M through 2019-20
Alex Pietrangelo: $6.5M through 2019-20
Colton Parayko: $5.5M through 2021-22
Jake Allen: $4.35M through 2020-21
Now, there are some quibbles with that group.
Steen, at 33, might see some steep regression. Some might be a bit underwhelmed at Sobotka and/or Berglund, at least when it comes to such term.
Even those issues are debatable, though, and the overall look is quite intriguing. You might grimace at the idea that $7.5M is “cheap,” but that really might be fair in assessing Tarasenko. Since 2013-14 (his first full season), Tarasenko scored the fifth-most goals in the NHL with 137. Only Alex Ovechkin scored more during the past three seasons.
Allen seemed like he was getting a respectable deal early on, but considering how his numbers skyrocketed once Mike Yeo replaced Ken Hitchcock, that $4.35M could be a Cam Talbot-ish bargain.
It stings to lose Kevin Shattenkirk, but for all we know, Parayko may eclipse Pietrangelo as the Blues' best defenseman before their contracts expire. Considering how nice a bargain Pietrangelo is, St. Louis has some very good things going for them in the high-end.
Speaking of that defense …
Things get more interesting when you consider contracts that will be up sooner.
In particular, there could be decisions to make after 2018-19, at least if GM Doug Armstrong isn't as proactive as he tends to be. Here are some notable defensemen who only have two years left: Jay Bouwmeester ($5.4M), Carl Gunnarsson ($2.9M), Robert Bortuzzo ($1.15M), and Nate Prosser ($650K). Joel Edmundson, meanwhile, is slated to be an RFA after this season.
Edmundson seems like a keeper, but beyond that, the Blues must ask some tough questions about players like Bouwmeester. J-Bo already reached the 1,000 games plateau, and he's just 33.
Such choices might end up being tough, yet at least the Blues have options. That's especially true if Vince Dunn eventually makes the leap and Jordan Schmaltz can reach some of that first-round potential.
Who else will join the core?
Considering his $7M price tag, Paul Stastny hasn't always lived up to his billing in St. Louis, placing him under pressure to earn a new deal with his current contract expiring after 2017-18. Even so, there's also pressure on the Blues to decide what to do with Stastny; what would be a reasonable price to re-sign him or would they move him for assets much like they did with Kevin Shattenkirk?
Robby Fabbri is another key contract year to watch.
The Blues would honestly be smart to sign the 21-year-old for cheap, as there have been more than a few flashes of brilliance already with Fabbri. If they don't, though, the 21st pick of the 2014 NHL Draft could easily parallel Viktor Arvidsson – in production, if not style – this coming season.
***
A greedier Blues fan might be a little frustrated to see the team take the careful approach over the last few years, including letting David Backes and Troy Brouwer walk.
To an extent, St. Louis seems to lack that “surplus” scorer that really drives pre-season hype through the roof. It's also up to Mike Yeo to build on the work Ken Hitchcock left behind.
Still, when you consider the lack of albatross contracts and the handful of good-to-brilliant deals on the books, the Blues seem like they're in a pretty good place. The question is: can this group do better than that?
Manchester City moved 11 points clear of Manchester United at the top of the Premier League, while Big Sam's Everton revolution continued apace and even David Moyes had something to shout about.
Here, we review five things we learned from this weekend's top-flight action.
1. It ain't over till it's over – except this time
Cancel all the nerve-jangling title countdown programmes. Forget the last-day helicopter ride around two or three prospective inauguration venues. Never mind the mind games. Manchester City's 2-1 win at derby rivals United on Sunday sealed the destiny of this season's title race. Pep Guardiola's record-breaking side simply cannot lose from the position they are now in, 11 points ahead of their city rivals and seemingly set to soar to new heights. What is bad for the TV ratings is great news for those who love to see the game played in its purest form.
2. Whatever happened to Romelu Lukaku?
Manchester United's big-money signing of Romelu Lukaku looked a bargain at twice the price when the former Everton man kicked off his Old Trafford career with 11 goals in his first 10 games. But now the ailing Lukaku looks less a saviour, and more a symptom of Jose Mourinho's attacking malaise. Having scored just twice in his last 12 games, things went from bad to worse for Lukaku on Sunday as he effectively set up both of City's two goals – consigning United as bit-part players in a title race he was bought to influence.
3. Prettiness can wait at Goodison
👏🏼 | A gritty, disciplined performance from the lads – fantastically backed by the 2,751 Toffees at Anfield. Thanks for your support, Blues! #EFC pic.twitter.com/ce2V9eWW8s — Everton (@Everton) December 10, 2017
You know what you're getting with Sam Allardyce, and it is hard to see how Everton fans would not be happy with it now. After a cataclysmic start to the season, studded with various Europa League humiliations, the former England manager has ridden to the rescue and already elevated the once-ailing Toffees into the top half of the table. Sunday's Merseyside derby illustrated Allardyce's methods at their best – strangling the life out of their opponents and snatching some degree of reward. At the very least Allardyce will ensure his latest club guarantee their top-flight status. The question is, what happens when mere survival is no longer an option?
4. David Moyes may just silence the doubters
If David Moyes' appointment in succession to Slaven Bilic set pulses racing in east London last month, it was largely a cause for anger-management. But the man West Ham fans did not want is showing signs of turning round their fortunes, following up last week's creditable performance at Manchester City with a tactically-astute triumph over Antonio Conte's ailing Chelsea. The result was no flash of outrageous fortune: the well-disciplined home side out-performed their opponents in every area of the pitch, and Marko Arnautovic – who received an ear-bashing from Moyes upon the manager's arrival – rose to the occasion to seal a hugely-significant win.
5. Benitez: Messiah, or a soon-to-be naughty boy?
FULL TIME Newcastle United 2-3 Leicester City A tough one for the Magpies to take after a late own goal gives the visitors all three points.#NUFC #125YearsUnited pic.twitter.com/5JqIreW5aF — Newcastle United FC (@NUFC) December 9, 2017
It did not take long for Newcastle fans to crown Rafael Benitez their latest in a long line of Messiahs after he lifted them back to the top flight at the first attempt last season. But things are quickly turning sour on Tyneside, where one point from seven games and elongated takeover talk have left the Magpies in the thick of a relegation battle, and Benitez surely considering whether his superbly curated, high-profile career would be better served elsewhere. The weekend loss to Leicester could prove a turning point. Without cash for reinforcements in the January transfer window, it is increasingly tough to imagine how long Benitez will sit it out in the north east.
A jump in support for Norway's far-left Red Party could help the centre-left opposition win a majority in parliament in the Sept. 11 election, independent TV2 reported on Tuesday.
OSLO: A jump in support for Norway's far-left Red Party could help the centre-left opposition win a majority in parliament in the Sept. 11 election, independent TV2 reported on Tuesday.
With four weeks left to campaign, however, even small changes in support for some of the nine parties on the left and right could ultimately decide the outcome, recent opinion polls show.
The survey of voters by the Kantar TNS agency gave the ruling right-wing government and its backers 77 seats, while the centre-left opposition could secure 92 seats.
A total of 85 seats are required to win a majority in Norway's 169-seat parliament.
Most major parties saw their support slipping when compared to a similar poll in June, while the Reds jumped to 4.7 percent from 2.6 percent, passing the key four-percent threshold that gives added influence to small parties.
The survey also asked voters who they believed will win, with 50.3 percent expecting opposition leader Jonas Gahr Stoere of Labour to become prime minister, while 48.4 percent thought Conservative Prime Minister Erna Solberg would stay in power.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The poll of 977 eligible voters was conducted from Aug. 7-11, TV2 said.
(To view a graphic on the Norway parliamentary elections, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2ugJCjo)
(Reporting by Terje Solsvik; Editing by Kim Coghill)
COX'S BAZAR/DHAKA, Bangladesh: Bangladesh is deploying thousands of extra police to Rohingya refugee camps in the south, officials said, after a series of mostly unexplained killings that have sown fear among hundreds of thousands of people who have fled from neighbouring Myanmar.
Since August, when a military crackdown in Myanmar forced many of the Muslim minority to cross the border into Bangladesh and seek shelter in the crowded camps, 19 people, some of them community leaders, have been killed.
Advertisement
Police have made a number of arrests in connection with some of the killings, but say the motives often remain unclear.
Conducted after dark and often by groups of men wielding pistols, knives, and sticks, the killings have sent a chill through the camps, which are guarded by the Bangladesh army during the day but manned by fewer police officers at night.
A.K.M. Iqbal Hossain, police superintendent of the coastal town of Cox's Bazar under whose jurisdiction the camps fall, said a special force of roughly 2,400 men was being formed to guard the refugees.
A second senior officer, Superintendent Afrujul Haque Tutul, said police numbers were already being increased.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We have 1,000 police officers right now for a million people, so you can imagine," he said.
More than 700,000 Rohingya have taken shelter in Cox's Bazar district since August, joining thousands who were already living there, making it the world's largest and fastest growing refugee camp.
Even before the August exodus, there had been violence in the camps, which Bangladesh police and aid workers have previously blamed on a struggle for control of supplies to the camps.
STABBED 25 TIMES
The latest killing, of 35-year-old Arifullah, took place last month on a busy road outside the Balukhali camp, where he had been appointed a leader of thousands of refugees.
A group of men surrounded him on the evening of June 18, stabbing him at least 25 times, police said. A pool of blood stained the spot the next morning, and a crowd of refugees could be seen gathered around.
Police said three Rohingya men had been arrested over the killing of Arifullah, who spoke English, had worked for international agencies in Myanmar, and often met foreign delegates who visited the camps.
His wife, who did not want to be named and asked Reuters not to disclose the location where she was interviewed because she feared attack, said Arifullah was a critic of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) – a militant group whose assaults on Myanmar security posts in August triggered the crackdown by the military.
The group says it is fighting for the rights of the Rohingya. Police said investigations into the murder were ongoing and they had not found links to ARSA.
A spokesman for ARSA referred Reuters to its Jan. 31 statement that said other armed groups were responsible for "activities" at refugee camps and were using its name to malign its image.
The group said it did not attack civilians and would never carry out killings in the camps because its was thankful for Bangladesh's generosity in sheltering the refugees.
That statement was issued after the Jan. 19 killing of Yusuf, another English-speaking camp leader. Sitting on the mud floor of her shelter, Yusuf's wife Jamila said her husband had been watching a football match on his phone with his two sons when around a dozen men barged into their shelter in the Taingkhali camp carrying knives and pistols, shooting him twice.
She said police had urged her to file a case and name suspects, but she had refused, fearing retaliation, and because she did not want to leave her shelter for hours to go to court. "I'm scared for my children," she said.
Details of Yusuf's killing were confirmed by police superintendent Tutul at the Cox's Bazar police station. He said the police investigation was hampered because the refugees were afraid to name suspects.
He said intelligence received so far suggested several of the killings, including those of Yusuf and Arifullah, were due to personal disputes refugees had brought from Myanmar.
Police have arrested about 300 Rohingya in cases involving killings, robberies and abductions in the camps since the August influx, Tutul said.
Camp leaders at Balukhali and Taingkhali said the army had appointed Rohingya volunteers to keep guard at night, but most had stopped working because they were not being paid.
Foreign officials said security inside the teeming camps was a worry. "What I hear from my colleagues is that is obviously a big concern," Peter Maurer, president of the International Committee of the Red Cross, said on a visit to the camps on Sunday.
"It is obvious that it is a big challenge when you have big numbers, poor conditions, cramped situations."
(Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Alex Richardson)
Dear Abby: I am in my late 20s and have a male companion who is 30-plus years older than I am. We were together for a while, but then stopped so we could both try to find someone closer to our own ages. Neither of us did, and we recently started seeing each other again.
Although we are good for each other and compatible in many ways, we are realistic that our relationship isn't long-term for major reasons. (I want children; he's happy with grandchildren. He wants to travel after retirement; I'm just starting my career.) We live for the moment and don't dwell too much on the future.
My problem is, this time I'm really falling in love with him. Last time, I was reluctant to become emotional because I was afraid of getting hurt. But this time, I am all in.
Can any good come of this? We meet each other's relationship needs in the here and now, but is the end just heartbreak?
Loving For The Moment
Dear Loving: It's time for you to start compiling a list of the pros and cons of this romance. You and this man are at different stages of life and have very different goals. If you really want to have a family and a career, you will have to sacrifice something for it, and that “something” may be devoting much more time to this man. Sorry, but something's gotta give.
Dear Abby: Recently, my husband and I were walking down the sidewalk in our neighborhood and came across $160 in cash strewn all over the ground. We picked it up, and as we were doing so, our neighbor came outside. We knew her husband had just gotten home, and the money was near his car, so we asked if it might be his. We handed her the cash and told her to let us know.
Two weeks have gone by and no one has claimed it. Our neighbor still has it in her possession, and has mentioned in passing that we should spend it on toys for our kids or food/drinks at the next get-together.
While I think these are OK ideas, I'm a little bitter because my husband and I found the money, and I feel we should be the ones who get to keep it if no one comes forward to claim it. I don't want to damage the friendship we have with our neighbors, but I feel like we're losing a bit.
What do you think?
Finders Keepers
Dear Finders Keepers: I think that before handing over the money, you should have had your neighbor ask her husband if he had lost any and how much. Because you didn't do that and they have the cash, perhaps you should “remind” her that “per her suggestion,” you would LOVE to spend some of it on toys for your kids, and ask for some or all of it back.
If she's a good neighbor, she'll agree. If not, you will have learned an expensive lesson.
Dear Abby: What do you make of a host who issues a BYOB invitation to his party and then proceeds to drink the guests' liquor?
Appalled in Florida
Dear Appalled: I'd say he was thirsty.
Contact Dear Abby at DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqylyj
There is a distinctly international flavour to a colourful selection of new books this Christmas from the rather aptly named Gecko Press.
Based in Wellington, New Zealand, Gecko Press is an independent publisher of ‘curiously good' children's books and is on a mission to translate works by some of the world's best writers and illustrators. By championing eclectic stories, rich in language and illustration and with a strong ‘heart factor,' it aims to encourage children to love to read.
Age 5 plus:
Impossible Inventions: Ideas that shouldn't work by Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski
Let your children revel in the power of the imagination with some amazing and oddball inventions that many of us have never even heard of!
Polish author and illustration team, Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski, have put together this entertaining and creative fully illustrated book which uncovers 28 extraordinary patented inventions that never saw the light of day.
Some are revolutionary, some are extraordinary and some are downright oddball and comical but each one testifies to the remarkable imagination of their inventor.
Marvel at Leonardo da Vinci, the 15th century artist who invented an elevator, a tank, a helicopter, a pair of shoes for walking on water but was considered to be just a dreamer, yet today is recognised as a genius way ahead of his time.
And have fun discovering other inventions like a flying bicycle, a bubble messenger, passenger clouds and passenger birds, a robotic chess master, a concentration helmet and many more astonishing – and almost impossible – ideas.
This brilliant book, which includes ideas ancient and modern, revolutionary and comical, is simply brimming with witty, richly coloured illustrations and concise, fully accessible descriptions and will hopefully inspire a new generation of youngsters to get inventing themselves!
(Gecko Press, hardback, £14.99)
Age 5 plus:
Wolfy by Grégoire Solotareff
With over a million copies sold in its original French edition, Wolfy is an enduring and endearing story about a rabbit and a wolf who want to be best friends.
Wolfy is a beautiful story about the youthful innocence of friendship, full of fun and humour and featuring prolific author and illustrator Grégoire Solotareff's world class artwork with dramatic perspectives and warm characters.
Once upon a time there was a rabbit who had never seen a wolf, and a young wolf who had never seen a rabbit. The pair meet and become good friends. Tom the rabbit teaches the wolf to play marbles, read, count and fish. Wolfy teaches Tom to run very, very fast. But eventually their friendship is tested by the classic game, Who's afraid of the big bad wolf? Can the little rabbit and the young wolf remain the best of friends after playing such a scary game?
Beautifully offbeat, gorgeously illustrated and with an uplifting message about friendship, diversity, understanding and loyalty, this is a warm and wise book which will delight both youngsters and their parents.
(Gecko Press, hardback, £11.99)
Age 5 plus:
Follow Finn: A Search-and-Find Maze Book by Peter Goes
Everyone likes a challenge and children will be raring to go when they open the pages of this magnificent search-and-find book of mazes and puzzles from Peter Goes, Belgian illustrator and author of international bestseller Timeline.
Readers can follow adventurer Finn through the story while completing the super search-and-find mazes and exciting puzzles.
Finn wakes up with a start. Goblins are on the loose and the house are in uproar! When they flee, Finn's dog Sep follows so Finn quickly gathers his clothes to join the chase… but can he find his way through this fabulous fantasy world?
Each spread in this exquisitely drawn book is packed with detail, and the text gives the reader tasks along with telling the story…help Finn gather his clothes, find a mouse, three bulls and five rabbits, work out the right keys for the right lock, and locate the beginning and end of each maze.
The busy, highly detailed, two-tone illustrations make the book a thrilling challenge for youngsters as they follow Finn on his magical, mystery-packed tour which is guaranteed to keep youngsters absorbed and entertained for hours.
(Gecko Press, hardback, £11.99)
Age 3 plus:
Good Night Sleep Tight by Kristina Andres
Award-winning German artist Kristina Andres works her special magic in a beautiful read-aloud book featuring 11½ goodnight stories from friends fox and hare who help each other get to sleep… sometimes!
Full of heartwarming stories of friendship, fun and life in the country, this is a gorgeous hardback, gift book and the enchanting stories are destined to become a family favourite.
Fox and Rabbit live quite far away in a bright little house beyond the molehills. If they can't sleep, they count the goodnights (335 in total) and when they wish each other a goodnight, the rustling pear tree, the raspberries and the stars join in. But sometimes when they can't sleep, they do outrageous things like swing on the light shades, jump from the wardrobe on to the mattress and invent new words and ways of saying goodnight. But whichever way they get to sleep, they are always best friends.
The perfect wind-down book for reading at bedtime… it might even help to send little ones off to sleep!
(Gecko Press, hardback, £12.99)
Age 3 plus:
The Longest Breakfast by Jenny Bornholdt and Sarah Wilkins
What is the best meal of the day? It has to be breakfast!
Young readers will be hungry to feast their eyes on this warm-hearted, fun-filled and riotous picture book romp about the best – and busiest –meal of the day from top New Zealand duo, poet Jenny Bornholdt and illustrator Sarah Wilkins.
The baby wants breakfast so kind-hearted Malcolm gets out of bed to get started. Then in comes Toby. And Una and Toto, then Alice… they are all hungry too. And then Conrad and his sister Ruby arrive from next door in search of breakfast. Malcolm is rushed off his feet now because everyone wants to eat something different. But who is taking notice of the baby?
The Longest Breakfast is a fun story full of recognisable scenes from family life and with an adorable baby at the centre. Every parent will relate to the kindly Malcolm as he tries to handle all the requests for food while children will love following the joke that is hidden in the illustrations.
And with a brilliant twist in the ending, this is a book that children will want to return to time and time again!
(Gecko Press, paperback, £7.99)
Age one plus:
Bim Bam Boom by Frédéric Stehr
Here's a colourful and playful board book that will have your little music maestros dancing for joy!
Bim Bam Boom – the work of French illustrator Frédéric Stehr – captures the addictive delight of making music with anything to hand as well as celebrating the all-too-familiar cheekiness of a typical toddler.
A pot and two wooden spoons… bim, bam, a little owl is making music! Canary, sparrow, chick and raven join her to create sound and rhythm with a selection of pots and pans, two saucepan lids, a bowl and a ladle. Boom, boom. What ARE you all doing? asks Big Owl. It seems this kind of tin-pan music isn't for everyone.
Full of quirky characters, energy and naughtiness, Bim Bam Boom is a symphony of fun and frolics, and little ones will love following the flock of noisy birds right up to the delightful twist in the tail!
(Gecko Press, board book, £7.99)
Getty Images
Everyone agrees Mike Evans and Rob Gronkowski earned ejections for hits after the whistle last season. Officials, though, didn't see it that way.
Thus, the Competition Committee is proposing a rule that will allow NFL senior V.P. of officiating Al Riveron to eject players from New York for “egregious violations” if officials don't, Jarrett Bell of USA Today reports.
Gronkowski slammed his shoulder into the neck of Bills cornerback Tre'Davious White after the whistle. Officials penalized him for unnecessary roughness but didn't eject him.
Evans gave Saints cornerback Marshon Lattimore a hard shove in the back on the Tampa Bay sideline during a disagreement between Bucs quarterback Jameis Winston and Lattimore. Evans received a personal foul penalty but remained in the game.
Gronkowski and Evans served one-game suspensions instead.
Under the proposed rule, Riveron could overrule on-field officials and eject players from New York.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WRIGHT TWP. — Supervisors voted to ask the state attorney general to investigate whether the township solicitor's representation of an individual in a criminal matter in neighboring Rice Township constitutes a conflict of interest.
The action came near the end of the supervisors' regular meeting Monday when supervisor Michael Marshall demanded to know why supervisor Donald Zampetti was getting involved in a police matter in Rice Township. Zampetti responded that he had not gotten involved in the case, but had contacted Rice Township police for information about the matter.
Marshall contended that because Wright Township is part of the Mountain Top Regional Police Commission, along with Fairview and Wright townships, that as a supervisor Zampetti should not have contacted Rice Township about the case. The supervisor, a retired Wright Township police officer, then charged that Zampetti had retained township solicitor Michael Kostelansky to represent his friend. He claimed that Kostelansky's involvement was a conflict of interest because of the township's involvement in the police commission.
Marshall then made a motion to ask the attorney general to investigate whether Kostelansky's representation of the defendant on charges filed by Rice Township police constituted a conflict of interest. His motion was seconded by Supervisor Colleen Macko. Marshall, Macko and board chairman Louis Welebob Jr. voted in favor of the motion while Zampetti voted no. Supervisor Jerry Uram was absent.
Following the motion, supervisors immediately went into executive session.
On Tuesday, Rice Township police Chief Robert Franks acknowledged that Zampetti contacted him about the case, but stated the supervisor did not attempt to interfere.
“He just wanted some information,” Franks said.
He said Zampetti wanted to know if video of the incident would be available to view.
Franks said the case involved 33-year-old Janine Cunningham of Fairview Township. Cunningham was charged with disorderly conduct and public drunkenness as the result of an incident in the parking lot of the American Legion, 1550 Henry Drive. Charges were filed on Jan. 11 by Officer Andrew Hashagen.
“It is absolutely not a conflict of interest,” Kostelansky said Tuesday. “This case was instituted by Rice Township. I am not employed by Rice Township and have never been employed by Rice Township.”
Kostelansky said he took the case as a private attorney.
Zampetti emphasized that he did not present himself as a representative of Wright Township, but simply as a private citizen. He acknowledged Cunningham is a fiend, but denied hiring Kostelansky to represent her.
Science Friday's Science Club is back with a new challenge! In honor of Earth Science Week (Oct. 8-14), we're challenging people to learn about the world around them through geology … AND to help us build a collection of interesting rock specimens.
[Learn more about the Science Friday Science Club.]
It's simple. First, find a neat rock. (Maybe there's one on your desk or in your junk drawer already.) Send us a picture of it on social media, using the hashtag #neatrock. Then, try to deduce something from the rock about its past, like how it was formed, or how it got to the place you found it.
Charles Bergquist, one of the founding members of the Science Club, joins Ira to explain more about the project and how to participate.
Botswana Football Association (BFA) President, MacLean Letshwiti is expected to make a number of decisions at Saturday's General Assembly that will leave certain high-profile National Executive Committee (NEC) members jobless.
The biggest head on the chopping block is the BFA's Vice President Finance, Marshlow Motlogelwa.
Reports reaching Voice Sport are that the VP's position at the BFA is under threat with Letshwiti keen to see the back of him.
Motlogelwa's woes are believed to have started when he submitted a financial report that was to be presented at the assembly.
However, Letshwiti refused to sign the report due to a number of gaps and irregularities.
The BFA subsequently engaged an external auditor to clear the mist but it appears things are not adding up.
According to a reliable source from one of the regions, delegations were supposed to be given packs covering the agenda, president speech and financial report – all of which are present except the financial statement.
“We were supposed to be given that 21 days before the assembly. There were lots of loopholes in the report that Letshwiti, as a reputable businessman, managed to identify. From the past meetings that item was taken light but this time we have someone who understands finances better,” he told Voice Sport.
Speaking freely under the condition of anonymity, the source went on to say, “Motlogelwa and our finance officer Susan Lawrence will be held accountable for this and they will be fired.”
He claimed that a worried Motlogelwa and other NEC members are desperately trying to lobby delegates to persuade Letshwiti to fire BFA CEO Ookeditse Malesu for exposing their dodgy doings.
It is alleged some of them were awarding tenders to their personal companies and overcharging the association.
“The audit will reveal a lot of things and we cannot rest until we see the results. From the past AGM it was indicated that P2 million was used to pay BURS. After some time the current regime was surprised that they still owe BURS and they threatened to close our office,” he added
When contacted for a comment, Motlogelwa denied that the books were not adding up.
He admitted the financial statements were not sent to delegates because something was omitted.
“We are going through some changes and we realised all these years Botswana Premier League finances weren't included in the report yet they fall under us. We will communicate with them before the end of the week and if the report is not ready we will see what to do,” claimed a seemingly unworried Motlogelwa.
BRITNEY Spears has certainly turned things hot and sweaty with her latest reveal.
The Toxic songstress would no doubt have needed some of her Britney Spears perfume after her latest workout session. The 36-year-old star turned things sizzling as she donned some skimpy sportswear for a pulse-racing workout session. BRITNEY SPEARS 2018: STAR WOWS IN NUDE ILLUSION DRESS The mum-of-two took was seen flashing her buxom cleavage as she wore a tiny blue crop top and white shorts she got to work in the Instagram video.
INSTAGRAM/BRITNEY SPEARS INIVITATION: Britney asked fans if they wanted to see her workout
INSTAGRAM/BRITNEY SPEARS FITTY: The songstress put herself through her paces while putting her curves on show
“You guys wanna see my new workout?” Britney Spears Britters started the clip by asking fans: "You guys wanna see my new workout?" However, she didn't wait for an answer as she put herself through her paces. She began with some deep squats to hone her pert rear before moving down to the floor to work on her stomach muscles. This was followed by some leg lifts and some moves with a kettlebell.
Strong is the new sexy The celebrities into their fitness. 1 / 39
INSTAGRAM/BRITNEY SPEARS COOLING OFF: The blonde make sure she stretched herself out properly afterwards
Britney then stretched herself out as she wrapped things up and cooled off. She captioned the video: "Switching up my workout routine in the gym as I get ready for the Piece Of Me Tour!" Fans went wild over the post, with it racking up more than 1.69 million views. One gushed: "I think this may be the only workout video I've ever seen that has made me want to exercise. Inspirational."
Britney Spears sexiest pictures Britney Spears shows off her sporty figure in racy pictures. 1 / 78
INSTAGRAM/BRITNEY SPEARS RACY: Britney has shared pics of herself in teeny workout gear before
(Reuters Health) - Although many doctors offer patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) a variety of treatments in addition to drugs, a new review suggests there's not enough evidence that medication alternatives work.
Researchers examined results from 54 studies of non-pharmaceutical ADHD treatments like cognitive behavioral therapy, parent training, special diets, and supplements like omega-3 fatty acids. Overall, these studies were too small, brief or varied in how they measured results for researchers to draw firm conclusions about which approaches might actually work for kids with ADHD.
Advertisement
"Just because we did not find scientific evidence, does not mean that these treatments are ineffective," said senior author Dr. Alex Kemper of Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio.
More than 1 in 10 U.S. kids are diagnosed with ADHD, which is characterized by social and behavioral problems as well as challenges in school like difficulty with focusing or sitting still. Stimulant medications can help with some behavior and attention issues.
Almost two-thirds of these kids are prescribed stimulants, which should be among the first treatments tried for the condition, Kemper said by email.
The American Academy of Pediatrics, which advises most primary care providers for kids, recommends that doctors prescribe stimulants or behavior therapy, or both.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Because it's difficult to diagnose ADHD in children younger than 4 years old, many doctors recommend behavior therapy as a first approach with preschoolers, particularly if parents or teachers can work with children to help improve focus, concentration and interactions with other kids. With older children, medication may be the first approach, alone or in combination with behavior therapy.
Some forms of behavior therapy for ADHD are designed to help kids improve focus, attention and organization, while others concentrate on reducing disruptive behavior that can make it hard for children to make friends or do well in school.
In the current analysis, the small studies of cognitive training showed no benefit at all or only a short-term improvement in ADHD symptoms, researchers note in the journal Pediatrics. These studies were too small, however, to draw broad conclusions about how well cognitive training might really work.
Similarly, studies looking at child or parent training programs yielded mixed results, measuring different types of interventions in different ways, which made it hard to determine how well these approaches might work.
In addition, the studies that tested supplements containing omega-3 fatty acids also failed to show meaningful changes in ADHD symptoms based on assessments of children done by their parents or teachers.
Because ADHD can mean different symptoms from one kid to the next, children need an accurate and comprehensive diagnosis before it's really possible to decide which treatments might work best in their situation, said Dr. Timothy Wilens, chief of the division of child and adolescent psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
"It is important to assess the level of impairment related to the ADHD, as well as contributing factors to the child's problems that will ultimately need to be addressed," Wilens, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
"For children over age 6 years, medications should be considered first line therapy for ADHD and nonpharmacological treatments should be considered adjunct to medication in specific groups," Wilens added.
Given the lack of clear evidence to recommend alternatives to treatment with medication, parents may want to consider cost as a way to decide what options they try first, advised Aaron Seitz, director of the Brain Game Center at the University of California, Riverside.
"Don't spend your life-savings on some non-traditional approach that promises the world but charges an arm and a leg," Kemper, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
"However, it is worth trying out various lower-cost solutions that might complement existing treatment," Kemper added. "It is likely that a combination of medicine and behavioral interventions will be best suited for many and it is worth finding a doctor who can help monitor and guide you through the path of evaluating how some of the non-pharmacological approaches could be beneficial and to potentially experiment with the approach that works best."
SOURCE: https://bit.ly/2H4c64S Pediatrics, online May 30, 2018.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
“He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counsellor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, his daughter said.
“Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone.”
She said her father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him.
“We called him the junk man,” she said. “He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. He picked up bikes and he fixed them.”
If you see Steve Stephens dial 9-1-1. If you have tips about the crime or his whereabouts please call the FBI tipline 1-800-Call FBI — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded his face with the plastic bag.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
In the separate video, Stephens said: “I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak.”
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioural health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. He helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome, she said.
“We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured,” she said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up his employee identification and said: “I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too.”
ELECTION NOTICE NOTICE OF GENERAL
CITY ELECTION TO THE ELECTORS OF THE FOLLOWING CITIES/TOWNSHIPS CHARLEVOIX COUNTY, MICHIGAN TO …
ELECTION NOTICE
NOTICE OF GENERAL
CITY ELECTION TO THE ELECTORS OF THE FOLLOWING CITIES/TOWNSHIPS CHARLEVOIX COUNTY, MICHIGAN
TO BE HELD NOVEMBER 7, 2017
To the qualified electors of the following Cities/Townships notice is hereby given that a General Election will be held on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, for the purpose of electing officials for the following offices: (if any)
City of Boyne City, Precinct 16 City Commissioners
City of East Jordan, Precinct 21 City Commissioners
City of Charlevoix Ward 1 Council Member
City of Charlevoix Ward 2 Council Member
City of Charlevoix Ward 3 Council Member
To vote on the following proposal(s) (if any):
CHARLEVOIX-EMMET INTERMEDIATE SCHOOL DISTRICT REGIONAL ENHANCEMENT MILLAGE PROPOSAL
Full text of the ballot proposal may be obtained at the administrative offices of Charlevoix-Emmet Intermediate School District, 8568 Mercer Boulevard, Charlevoix, Michigan 49720-1006, telephone: (231) 547-9947
CHARLEVOIX PUBLIC SCHOOLS
BONDING PROPOSAL
Full text of the ballot proposal may be obtained at the administrative offices of Charlevoix Public Schools, 104 E. St. Mary's Drive, Charlevoix, Michigan 49720-1749, telephone: (231) 547-3200
CITY OF CHARLEVOIX
PROPOSED AMMENDMENT TO CITY CHARTER TO DEFINE “CITY PARK” DESIGNATION
Full text of the ballot proposal may be obtained at the office of Cheryl Potter Browe, County Clerk, the administrative offices of or the City/Township Clerks listed below:
James Vanek, Clerk
Bay Township
05045 Boyne City Rd.
Boyne City, MI 49712
231.582.3594
Lynn M. Sparks, Clerk
Boyne Valley Township
2489 Railroad St
Boyne Falls, MI 49713
231-549-3436
Myron Matz, Clerk
Chandler Township
06912 Matz Rd
Boyne Falls, MI 49713
231-549-2596
Sandra Witherspoon, Clerk
Charlevoix Township
12491 Waller Rd
Charlevoix, MI 49720
231-547-4611
Evelyn Howell, Clerk
Evangeline Township
02620 Pine Blvd.
Boyne City, MI 49712
231-582-7751
Sandy Whiteford, Clerk
Eveline Township
08525 Ferries Rd
East Jordan, MI 49727
231-675-4426
Marlene Golovich, Clerk
Hayes Township
09195 Old 31 N
Charlevoix, MI 49720
231-547-6961
Frank D. Wasylewski, Clerk
Hudson Township
08755 Huffman Lake Rd
Elmira, MI 49730
231-549-3019
Timothy Matchett, Clerk
Marion Township
01362 Matchett Rd
Charlevoix, MI 49720
231.547.2154
Robin Hissong Berry, Clerk
Melrose Township
04289 M-75 N
Walloon Lake, MI 49796
231-535-2310
Dana J. Pajtas, Clerk
Norwood Township
19759 Lake Street
Charlevoix, MI 49720
231-675-5901
Carla Martin, Clerk
Peaine Township
36825 Kings Hwy
Beaver Island, MI 49782
231-448-3540
Alice Belfy, Clerk
St. James Township
37735 Michigan Ave
Beaver Island, MI 49782
231-448-2761
Kimberly Olstrom, Clerk
South Arm Township
02811 S. M-66
East Jordan, MI 49727
231-536-2900
Marilyn Beebe, Clerk
Wilson Township
1701 Fall Park Rd
Boyne City, MI 49712
231-582-1033
Cindy Grice, Clerk/Treasurer
City of Boyne City
319 N. Lake St
Boyne City, MI 49712
231-582-6597
Joyce Golding, Clerk
210 State Street
Charlevoix, MI 49720
231-547-3270
Cheltzi Wilson, Clerk
201 Main Street
East Jordan, MI 49727
231-536-3381
Cheryl Potter Browe, County Clerk
203 Antrim Street
Charlevoix, MI 49720
231-547-7200
The Polls of said election will be open at 7 o'clock a.m. and will remain open until 8 o'clock p.m. of said day of election.
List of all polling place locations:
Bay Township Hall 582-3594
05045 Boyne City Rd., Boyne City, 49712
Boyne Valley Township Hall 549-3130
2489 Railroad St., Boyne Falls, 49713
Chandler Township Hall 549-3404
07620 Chandler Hill Rd., Boyne Falls, 49713 Charlevoix Township Hall 547-4611
12491 Waller Rd., Charlevoix, 49720
Evangeline Township Hall 582-2931
02746 Wildwood Harbor Rd., Boyne City, 49712
Eveline Township Hall No Phone
08525 Ferry Rd., East Jordan, 49727
Hayes Township Hall 547-6961
09195 Old U.S. 31 N., Charlevoix, 49720
Hudson Township Hall 549-2646
07865 Reynolds Rd., Elmira, 49730
Marion Township Hall No Phone
03735 Marion Center Rd., Charlevoix, 49720
Melrose Township Hall 535-2310
04289 M75 N., Walloon Lake, 49796
Norwood Township Hall 547-4767
19759 Lake St., Charlevoix, 49720
Peaine Township Hall 448-2389
36825 Kings Hwy, Beaver Island, 49782
St. James Township Hall 448-2014
37735 Michigan Ave., Beaver Island, 49782
South Arm Township Hall 536-2900
02811 S. M-66, East Jordan, 49727
Wilson Township Hall 582-6201
02530 Fall Park Rd., Boyne City, 49712 Boyne City Hall 582-6597
319 N. Lake St, Boyne City, 49712
Charlevoix City Hall 547-3250
210 State St., Charlevoix, 49720
East Jordan Civic Center 536-3381
116 Main Steet, East Jordan, 49727
l, Marilyn Cousineau, Treasurer of Charlevoix County, Michigan, hereby certify that as of September 7, 2017 the records of this office indicate that the total of all voted increases over and above the tax limitation established by the Constitution of Michigan, in any local units of government affecting the taxable property located in the Charlevoix-Emmet Intermediated School District, Charlevoix County
Michigan is as follows:
By Charlevoix County
.25 Mills Transit 2017-2021
.65 Mills Senior Citizen 2016-2019
.15 Mills Recycling 2016-2019
.75 Mills Grandvue Operating 2015-2018
1.00 Mills Roads 2009-2023
.15 Mills Parks 2014-2017
.10 Mills Veterans 2014-2017
By Bay Township
1.00 Mills Road Improvement 2017-2018
By Boyne Valley Township
.50 Mills Ambulance 2016-2019
1.00 Mills Transfer Station 2014-2017
1.00 Mills Fire Operational 2014-2017
By Chandler Township
1.25 Mills Fire Department 2016-2019
By Charlevoix Township
2.00 Mills Capital Improvements 2016-2020
By Evangeline Township
.80 Mills Fire Protection 2016-2019
2.00 Mills Road Millage 2016-2019
By Eveline Township
1.00 Mills Road Millage 2014-2017
By Hayes Township
1.00 Mills Road Millage 2016-2019
By Hudson Township
1.00 Mills Fire Protection 2015-2017
By Marion Township
1.50 Mills Road Construction 2017-2019
By Melrose Township
1.00 Mills Road Maintenance 2014-2017
1.00 Mills Road 12 2016-2019
.50 Mills Fire Operation 2014-2017
.50 Mills Fire Sinking 2014-2017
.45 Mills Fire/Twn. Hall 2003-2033
By Norwood Township
1.00 Mills Road Millage 2014-2023
.65 Mills Emergency Services 2014-2017
By Peaine Township
2.00 Mills Transfer Station 2014-2018
1.00 Mills Fire Protection 2014-2018
1.00 Mills Road Millage 2017-2019
2.00 Mills Health Center 2014-2018
.75 Mills Airport 2017-2019
1.00 Mills Library 2015-2018
4.00 Mills Township Operation 2014-2018
3.00 Mills EMS Millage 2017-2019
By St. James Township
2.00 Mills EMS Millage 2016-2019
.25 Mills Historical Society 2016-2019
1.75 Mills Transfer Station 2015-2019
1.00 Mills Airport 2015-2019
3.25 Mills Township Allocation 2015-2019
1.00 Mills Library 2015-2018
1.00 Mills Fire Department 2013-2017
2.00 Mills Medical Center 2013-2017
2.00 Mills Street and Roads 2013-2017
By Wilson Township
1.00 Mills Road Millage 2014-2017
1.00 Mills Fire and Ambulance 2014-2017
City of Boyne City
2.69 Mills Construction City Fac. 2016-2037
By School District
Beaver Island
2.00 Mills Debt 2007-2031
Boyne City
1.675 Mills Debt 2011-2017
1.93 Mills Bond 2016-2026
Boyne Falls
2.55 Mills School Debt 1998-2029
1.50 Mills School Debt 2004-2024
Charlevoix
2.915 Mills Debt Unlimited
East Jordan
1.0443 Mills Sinking Fund 2017-2022
2.48 Mills Debt Unlimited
.82 Mills Debt Unlimited
Ellsworth
1.50 Mills Sinking 2014-2018
Petoskey
1.3193 Mills Sinking 2012-2018
1.88 Mills Debt 1998-2019
.42 Mills Debt 2015-2019
Jordan Valley Emergency Ser.
.50 Mills Operation 2016-2019
Jordan Valley Emergency Ser.
(East Jordan & South Arm Twp)
.25 Mills Vehicles 2016-2019
Recreational Authority
.33 Mills Operation 2015-2024
(City of Charlevoix & Hayes and Charlevoix Twp.)
Date: September 7, 2017
Marilyn Cousineau,
Charlevoix County Treasurer
I, Sherry A. Comben, Treasurer of Antrim County, Michigan, hereby certify that as of August 2, 2017 the records of this office indicate that the total of all voted increases over and above the tax limitation established by the Constitution of Michigan, in any local units of government affecting the taxable property located in Charlevoix-Emmet Intermediate School District, Antrim County, Michigan, is as follows:
By Antrim County:
.4000 mills Commission on Aging
2017 to 2020
1.0000 mills Meadow Brook
2017 to 2029
.5000 mills E-911 Operating
2017 to 2022
.1000 mills Conservation District
2017 to 2020
.2500 mills Recycling
2017 to 2020
By Banks Township
1.0000 mills Roads
2017 to 2019
By Central Lake Township
1.0000 mills Roads 2017
By Echo Township
.5000 mills Fire/Ambulance
2017 to 2019
1.0000 mills Roads
2017 to 2019
By Jordan Township
1.0000 mills Roads 2017
By Kearney Township
.5000 mills Roads 2017 to 2018
By Torch Lake Township
.5000 mills Roads 2017 to 2021
By Warner Township
1.5000 mills Roads 2017
By School District
Boyne City 18.7416 mills 2017 to 2018
(Exempting principal residence and qualified agricultural property)
Boyne Falls 20.5232 mills 2017 to 2027
(Exempting principal residence and qualified agricultural property)
Central Lake 18.0000 mills 2017 to 2018
(Exempting principal residence and qualified agricultural property)
Central Lake .4500 mills Sinking Fund 2017 to 2018
Charlevoix 18.0000 mills 2017 to 2020
(Exempting principal residence and qualified agricultural property)
East Jordan 20.9316 mills 2017 to 2018
(Exempting principal residence and qualified agricultural property)
East Jordan 1.0443 mills Sinking Fund 2017 to 2022
Ellsworth 18.5000 mills 2017 to 2019
(Exempting principal residence and qualified agricultural property)
Ellsworth 1.5000 mills Sinking Fund 2017 to 2018
August 2, 2017
Sherry A. Comben
Treasurer, Antrim County
MUMBAI: Internationally renowned Telugu rock singer and songwriter Alluri performed his new Telugu rock album music live at a media conference in Hyderabad today along with his band of Italian musicians. The show was exclusively arranged for the media. This highly anticipated album will be released internationally in 2018.
When most of the millennials are shy of speaking in their mother tongue, here is a Telugu youth, Alluri a singer (and on guitar) songwriter (music composing and lyrics) performed in Telugu at Trans Musicales Festival in France last week.
“Great music is made everywhere in the world. Language is no barrier when you hear a song that offers some emotional or melodic connection. It is always a great pride to perform live in my city where I belong to,” Alluri said after performing the songs from his unreleased album.
He is the first known Telugu musician who earned international recognition through his rock albums. After his live performance at The Islington in London, the music-news.com a leading music media publication in UK called his sound a musical brainchild of ‘Arcade Fire and Ennio Morricone'.
“If Arcade Fire and Ennio Morricone had a musical child, Alluri's triumphant and euphoric tunes are probably what it would sound like.”
According to his manager Stephen Budd, “Alluri is an extraordinary talent writing both the music and the lyrics that create a special emotion. And to us here in Europe the sounds he makes have a special appeal. Singing in a language few in Europe understand, it's an interesting challenge that artists like Sigur Ros (Iceland) and Songhoy Blues (Mali) have succeeded in reaching an audience due to the strength of their melody and passion of their performance. I think Alluri has the potential to do that too".
Born and raised in Hyderabad, India now based in London Alluri is difficult to categorize. Classical music was absorbed in his teens then he learnt guitar whilst listening to acts like Doves and Morrissey during his UK studies. Now working between India, the UK and Italy, he has teamed up with Muse producer/mixer Tommasso Colliva and Italian musician Massimo Martelotta, from cult ‘cinematic Italo-funk' band Calibro 35 (who recently collaborated with Jay-Z) for this powerful and unique music sung in Telugu.
Alluri's debut album Man Of Truth recorded at Brighton's Electric Studios in UK in 2016 received critical acclaim from leading Music magazines like ‘Q' which gave a four-star rating to the album, following the album's significant success, he went ahead to record the single Evari Kosam (For Whose Sake) which was released on prominent independent record label ‘Killing Moon'.
In July 2017 Alluri brought his band to perform in London and also at The Cambridge Folk Festival. This December has been an extremely busy month for Alluri, he performed a sensational set at the prestigious Transmusicales Festival in France on 7 December 2017 and within two days on 9 December 2017 he was in Pune, India to perform at the NH7 Weekender Festival, and this is the second season, he is performing at NH7 Weekender Festival.
He is currently on a tour along with his band and is all set to perform in different cities including in India.
13 December 2017 – Hyderabad – Heart Cup Coffee, India
14 December 2017– Bangalore – Humming Tree, India
…Says looters under Buhari responsible
The immediate past Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Comrade Timi Frank, has said that instead of some persons protesting against the leadership of the National Assembly who are just lawmakers, it should have been against current killings, poverty and high unemployment in the country.
Senate President, Bukola Saraki (left)and Speaker Yakubu Dogara
He also challenged the protesters to take another protest to the presidential villa to demand a stop to the menace under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari led government.
In a statement signed on Wednesday, Comrade Frank, who alleged that “some looters serving in the current administration of APC sponsored the protesters against the leadership of the National Assembly,” added that both the Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki and the Speaker House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara are not the problems the country is currently going through “but the president has failed to implement the budget to the later.”
According to the former APC spokesman, the only offence both Saraki and Dogara have committed is failure to impeach President Buhari over numerous impeachable offences and breach of constitution by his government.
He said a video in circulation has exposed the ignorance of some of the protesters who blocked the National Assembly's main entrance on Tuesday as it shown in the said video that many of the protesters were mobilised with N1,500 only to protest against the alleged increase and introduction of new projects into the 2018 budget.
“Unknown to many of these sponsored protesters, it is the constitutional responsibility of National Assembly to add or remove from whatever the executive budgeted because it is an arm of government which is never a rubber stamp institution in any mature democratic society.
“Let those who are sponsoring these protesters know clearly that they are real enemies of democracy and that the act is worse than terrorism.”
While urging Nigerian youth not to allow themselves to be used against the institution of National Assembly, Frank said Nigerian lawmakers under the leadership of Sen. Bukola Saraki and Speaker Yakubu Dogara have passed a bill such as NotTooYoungToRun bill, which he said has direct positive impact on the young men and women to actively participate in governance at all levels.
“The way this government is sponsoring blackmailers against the leadership of National Assembly has clearly shown that the talk of fight against corruption is an illusion. Nigerians will need to know where the appointees of this administration got the money to sponsor over five thousands protesters against a lawful institution if not as part of the looted money under President Muhammadu Buhari led government?,” he queried.
And fans were NOT happy about it...
It was set to be one of the most exciting shows of the year, but the Teen Choice Awards were left in chaos when host Miley Cyrus pulled out just hours before it was due to air.
The singer even attended the soundcheck, with the official Teen Choice Awards Twitter account sharing a video of Miley earlier in the evening.
Read: All the Latest Celebrity News
‘@MileyCyrus is in the HOUSE! We will see you at 8PM EST TONIGHT for #TeenChoice!', they wrote next to the shot.
But just minutes into the show, Victoria Justice made the shocking announcement that the former Disney Channel star ‘couldn't make it', but that YouTuber Jake Paul would be filling in instead.
More: Sky Sports presenter Kirsty Gallacher charged with drink-driving after being arrested ‘as she drove to pick up her kids'
And it's fair to say fans were NOT impressed at Miley's no show, as one angry viewer wrote on Twitter: ‘I hope you have a real good excuse for this.'
Another blasted: ‘She just compared Miley Cyrus to Jake Paul… as if THATS SUPPOSED TO MAKE UP FOR IT'.
They weren't the only ones…
Twenty-four-year-old Miley – who won the Ultimate Choice Award – later released a statement on Instagram, telling her 70.8million followers she was ‘bummed' not to be able to make it and blaming her ‘unrealistic schedule' for the last minute drop out.
‘I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor!' she said.
‘I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement! I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer! My new single / music video #YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday , Aug 18th & I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you!
‘I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!'
As well as Miley, loads of the industry's biggest names also didn't turn up to accept their awards including Beyonce, Zac Efron, Ariana Grande and Ed Sheeran.
Eeek! Well, we're always free if the TCA's ever have seats to fill…
A banner placed at the entrance to Hastings Pier in support of its new owner has been vandalised.
The sign was put up on the railings at the front of the pier, carrying the logos of 27 business owners who welcomed Sheikh Abid Gulzar's take-over of the pier.
The banner was the brainchild of Steve Taylor from Primesigns, who said he was upset at the reception Mr Gulzar received when he was announced as the new owner.
However, the sign was ripped in half overnight on Friday.
Mr Gulzar said: “I am very disappointed that anybody would want to do this.
“It was a lovely gesture from the 27 businesses showing their support for me.
“Suffice to say I am 100 per cent focused on the future of Hastings Pier and making it great.
“It will take time, we have to make it profitable and sustainable for the long term.
“Cowardly acts like this will of course not deter me. It just disappoints me.
“We all need to focus our energy in a positive manner.”
Mr Gulzar said the banner has been repaired.
Mr Taylor posted his idea of creating the banner on social media and said he was amazed at the response from local companies.
AFP, AFRIN, Syria
Syria opposition leaders and Kurdish officials yesterday condemned reported looting by Turkish-led forces who seized the Kurdish-majority city of Afrin the previous day.
Turkish forces and their Syrian proxies made a lightning advance into the city after Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) militia appeared to have retreated.
Agence France-Presse reporters in Afrin and a war monitor said Turkish-backed Syrian forces went on a rampage after taking the city, pillaging shops and homes.
A rebel leader early yesterday condemned their behavior.
“The looting and stealing of private and public property is a crime,” said Mohamed Alloush, a key figure in the Jaish al-Islam rebel group.
“All those who took part in this decadence need to have their hands slapped hard,” he said on Twitter, calling for them to face trial and for victims to receive compensation.
The fighters broke into shops, restaurants and houses, and left with foodstuff, electronic equipment, blankets and other goods, the AFP reporters said.
They placed the loot in cars and small trucks and drove them out of the city, they added.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights war monitor also reported looting, saying Turkey's Syrian allies “have begun pillaging private property, political and military sites and shops.”
The Britain-based Observatory, which relies on sources across Syria for its information, has reported looting in several villages since pro-Ankara forces on Jan. 20 launched an assault on the wider Kurdish enclave of Afrin.
“We were unsettled by the news of some looting from the homes of our people in Afrin,” said Khaled Khoja, a former head of the National Coalition leading opposition body.
He said the goal of the Turkish-led operation was “to liberate our Kurdish and Arab brothers from the authoritarianism of the YPG and serve them by establishing a civilian administration worthy of the Syrian revolution.”
There is no place for “highway robbers” among opposition fighters, he said.
Kurdish leader Abdel Basset Sida, who resigned from the National Coalition after the start of the Turkish assault, also condemned the damage wreaked on Afrin city.
“The destruction of the Kawa Haddad statue ... and the looting of shops and homes is morally deplorable,” he said, referring to a monument to Kurdish hero Kawa Haddad, which was torn from its mantle on Sunday.
The loss of Afrin comes as Kurds prepare to mark the spring festival of Nowruz tomorrow.
The National Kurdish Council, part of a key opposition negotiating committee, condemned “actions insulting to the Kurds,” including the destruction of the statue.
EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini yesterday also criticized Turkey's military offensive in Afrin, calling on Ankara to ensure that fighting eases in the conflict-torn country.
“I am worried about this,'' Mogherini told reporters in Brussels.
She said that international efforts in Syria are supposed to be “aiming at de-escalating the military activities and not escalating them.”
Meanwhile, Turkey's state-run news agency said that 11 people — seven civilians and four Turkish-backed Syrian fighters — were killed in an explosion in a building in Afrin town center as it was being cleared of booby traps.
Anadolu News agency said the bomb was reportedly left by Syrian Kurdish fighters.
By George Martin For Mailonline
Published: 06:08 EDT, 4 July 2018 | Updated: 08:20 EDT, 4 July 2018
Up to 30 people have been arrested in violent clashes between police and protesters in Philadelphia.
Demonstrators taking to the streets to protest at President Trump's immigration policy were met with brutal resistance from officers as they attempted to block the garage doors outside the city's Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) center.
Protesters were pictured locking arms in front of the doors as cops desperately tried to shift them following a whole day of peaceful protests.
The demonstrations had gone ahead peacefully for 16 hours on Tuesday until police decided to try and reopen the ICE center.
Distressing photos emerging from the protests show police officers hauling those who resisted away and forcing them into handcuffs as tensions reached fever pitch among the gathered crowd.
Scroll down for video
A man is held down by several police officers after trying to block the loading dock of the ICE center
A woman screams in agony as several officers place her under arrest during the protests
Police grapple with a woman and a man who scream as they are torn away from the entrance of the ICE center
A group of demonstrators could earlier be seen linking arms in front of the ICE center's garage
Dozens of counter-terrorism officers were in attendance as they dealt with the enraged protesters
Footage posted on social media also showed a team of officers wrestling a struggling protester to the floor as they attempted to put him in cuffs.
Other demonstrators can be seen trying to drag him free of the cops' clutches but helmet-wearing policemen beat them back using their bicycles.
Those arrested were said to have received citations and were released, while two people sustained minor injuries during the arrests.
Nationwide protests were staged over the weekend calling for ICE, a post 9/11 creation, to be dismantled.
In Philadelphia in particular campaigners are calling for the Berks County Residential Center to be close amid questions about its treatment of immigrant families.
A spokesman for ICE told NBC10: 'The agency continues to conduct enforcement actions every day around the country, including Pennsylvania, as part of the agency's ongoing efforts to uphold public safety and border security.
'ICE's enforcement actions are targeted and lead driven. ICE does not conduct sweeps or raids that target aliens indiscriminately. ICE does not conduct targeted enforcement actions as retribution.'
In footage posted on social media, bicycle cops could be seen hurling protesters to the ground
A police officer appears to strike a protester on the back of the head as he attempts to clear the area in front of the ICE center
Protesters sit on the ground in defiance as a team off law enforcement officers try to shift them
A woman leans her head on the shoulder of another protester as police try and haul them away from a sit-in
Cops tackle an enormous blue umbrella as they move towards the ICE building in central Philadelphia
As the ICE marches gathered pace on Saturday morning, President Trump took to Twitter to praise ICE and its agents.
In a pair of tweets at around 7am, the president said he had 'watched' ICE 'liberate' entire towns from gangs and said they were responsible for 'eradicating the worst criminal elements'.
'To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements.
'So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!' he said.
In his first tweet, he fumed: 'The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen.
'I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 & clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!'
A demonstrator wearing an 'end racism' t-shirt confronts an officer who is trying to shuffle him along
Police officers put up barriers and secured them after they eventually managed to clear the protesters
The demonstrations largely went off peacefully on Tuesday as people waved banners and held placards for hours
In the morning of the protests on Tuesday protesters built a small encampment outside the ICE building with placards
Appalachian Music Ensemble, tunes with tradition
Anyone passing through Ewell Hall Saturday, April 15, would have been treated to a free serenade from the William and Mary Appalachian Music Ensemble, which was holding a concert in the recital hall. The concert opened with a rendition of the traditional American folk song “O Shenandoah,” played by one of the ensemble's small groups. Throughout the night, groups within the ensemble played a variety of songs for the audience.
The ensemble, which practices every Monday night, plays Appalachian tunes and songs. The current director, Tripp Johnson, described Appalachian music as southern string band music. The ensemble explores a broad range of Appalachian music, including genres like bluegrass, Irish music and old-time music.
According to Johnson, most people think about bluegrass when they see banjos and fiddles. However, Johnson labeled the term bluegrass as a generic word used by many people who are unfamiliar with different types of Appalachian music. He explained that bluegrass is actually rooted in a much older genre called old-time music.
“Old-time music is essentially Scotch-Irish melodies that came over here hundreds of years ago and when those melodies met up with the banjo you get the birth of old-time music which eventually gave way to early country, bluegrass, etc.,” Johnson said.
Johnson also added that old-time music was more about providing a service.
“Old-time music was never about performing,” Johnson said. “It was more providing a service. It would be musicians getting together to play for their own entertainment, their own amusement … If you played music in public, it would have been, again, providing a service. You would have been playing for a wedding, a funeral or a dance. It wouldn't have been about the musicians. They would have just been doing a job.”
This aspect of old-time music was later changed by Bill Monroe in the early ‘40s. Monroe combined the style with other music he had been listening to in his community, like jazz, blues and gospel music. He created a more performance-driven style of music that is known today as bluegrass.
“There's a saying that kind of wraps it up,” Johnson said. “It's a cliche, but there's some truth to it. Old-time musicians use their skill to show off the tune. Bluegrass musicians use the tune to show off their skill.”
Like many other music genres, there is an element of improvisation to Appalachian music.
“It's very simple music,” said Sarah Grady '17, who joined the ensemble her sophomore year. “What makes it cool and fun is that people embellish it in their own way. They kind of add their own flavors to it.”
Appalachian music incorporates a variety of instruments, such as the fiddle, banjo, guitar, mandolin, autoharp and dulcimer. Johnson said that it is not uncommon to hear a cello as well. There was even a cello at the ensemble's most recent concert.
“I love playing music that comes from my home,” Mariah Vaughn '19 said.
Appalachian music in many ways is also an oral tradition. Music has been passed down from person to person, sometimes without being written down. Johnson said that one of the challenges he faces is teaching students how to step away from sheet music.
“Getting away from the paper is really scary,” Johnson said. “Part of it is teaching them how to learn a tune by ear.”
While it is unclear what year the Appalachian Music Ensemble was founded, Johnson believes the ensemble has been around for at least 15 years. When Johnson took the job as director in 2009, the ensemble had 11 members. Now it has around 45-50 members. Johnson said that membership has increased throughout the years largely through word of mouth.
“I'm really big on word of mouth, making sure that everybody's having fun and that they're excited about it,” Johnson said. “That goes much further than any kind of advertising or anything like that, that we could do.”
Students have joined the ensemble for different reasons. Many were taking lessons with Johnson, who encouraged them to consider playing for the ensemble.
“I was taking lessons with [Johnson] and he said, ‘Hey, if you want to get better at this music you should take the class because it's not meant to be played by yourself,'” Sarah Grady '17 said.
For some students, playing in the ensemble gives them an opportunity to stay connected to their homes.
“I love playing music that comes from my home,” Mariah Vaughn '19 said. “I'm from the mountains of Virginia and I want to stay connected to that in an artistic way. The tradition of old-time is so rich and meaningful to me and I love it.”
The ensemble performs a few dances and concerts each year. Student groups often ask them to play at different campus functions. The ensemble's final concert this year will be April 28.
Although smoking has long been associated with being thin, a recent genetic study suggests that a tendency to have excess body fat, especially around the waist, is also tied to a person's odds of being a smoker.
(Reuters Health) - Although smoking has long been associated with being thin, a recent genetic study suggests that a tendency to have excess body fat, especially around the waist, is also tied to a person's odds of being a smoker.
The findings might indicate that extra body fat influences the likelihood of taking up smoking and how heavily a person smokes, or that the urges to overeat and to smoke may share some genetic origins, the authors note in The BMJ.
Advertisement
"These results highlight the role of obesity in influencing smoking initiation and cessation, which could have implications for public health interventions aiming to reduce the prevalence of these important risk factors," writes the study team, led by Robert Carreras-Torres at the International Agency for Research on Cancer in Lyon, France.
The authors did not respond to a request for comments.
The researchers analyzed data from the UK Biobank and the TAG Consortium on more than 450,000 people of European descent. These databases contain genetic, medical and lifestyle information for their volunteer participants.
Past studies, the authors note, have already linked genetic variations known as SNPs to both obesity and smoking, suggesting that particular SNPs increase a person's vulnerability to both forms of "addictive behavior" - overeating and smoking. It's not clear, however, if people who smoke stay thinner because smoking curbs appetite, or even if smokers really do stay thin.
Advertisement
Advertisement
To avoid the confusing influence of smoking's effect on appetite, the researchers didn't just look at participants' actual body mass and other body fat measurements. They also created a genetic profile of predicted body traits based on a person's SNPs. Using both real measurements and this genetic profile, the team then analyzed each person's smoking history.
For actual body mass index (BMI), a measure of weight relative to height, the researchers found that every additional 4.6 kilograms/meter squared was associated with a 5 percent lower risk of being a current smoker but also a 12 percent higher risk of ever having been a smoker, compared to never-smokers.
The same real-BMI increment was also linked to a smoking-intensity increase of 1.75 cigarettes per day for current and former smokers combined.
When researchers looked at the genetic body fat profile, however, they found that each incremental increase in projected BMI based on SNPs was linked to 24 percent higher odds of being a current smoker and an 18 percent increase in odds of being a former smoker.
Projected increases in waist circumference and body fat percentage based on genetic profile were similarly linked with increases in the odds of ever having smoked and increased smoking intensity.
Genetic body type was not linked with odds of smoking cessation, though. This detail and others lead the authors to suggest that rather than genetic predisposition to addictive behavior, excess body fat itself might influence cravings for nicotine.
Whatever the relationship between excess body fat and smoking, interventions to help people avoid these health risks need to take both into account, the authors conclude.
People may be tempted to start smoking to help them lose weight, said Lucy Popova, a researcher at the Georgia State University School of Public Health in Atlanta who wasn't involved in the research. Smoking decreases appetite because nicotine, the primary addictive chemical in tobacco, activates various receptors in the brain, and some of these receptors are on the nerve cells that regulate appetite and eating behavior, she said.
"Starting smoking in order to lose weight is a really bad idea. On one hand, you might weigh a couple of pounds less, but this weight reduction might come from lean muscles and not fat," Popova said.
Also, research shows that smokers, while having lower BMI, tend to have more fat around their abdomens than non-smokers, which is worse for health than simply having a high BMI, she said.
"On the other hand, smoking causes cancers, heart diseases, stroke, bad breath, yellow teeth, and all sorts of other negative consequences, including death. Smokers also have a harder time exercising due to the shortness of breath, so this makes losing weight even more difficult," Popova noted.
SOURCE: https://bit.ly/2KAirHd The BMJ, online May 16, 2018.
Cyprus leader says peace talks at 'critical' moment
by Staff Writers
Nicosia (AFP) April 15, 2017
Cyprus is at a vital moment in its UN-backed peace process aimed at reunifying the island, President Nicos Anastasiades said Saturday, but admitted that differences with his Turkish Cypriot negotiating partner remained.
"We find ourselves before critical and defining developments for the future of our homeland," Anastasiades said in a televised Easter address.
The Mediterranean resort island has been divided since 1974 when Turkish troops invaded the northern third in response to an Athens-inspired coup.
Successive peace efforts between its Greek- and Turkish-speaking communities have stumbled over issues including territory and security.
The current process, which saw talks resume in May 2015, is seen by analysts as the best hope for a lasting peace deal.
Anastasiades and Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci have agreed to schedule four new meetings, in a new phase of talks, with the first beginning on April 20.
"In order to achieve a solution acceptable by the people, we must establish conditions that will allow us to live in a well-organised European state without any dysfunctions or open wounds," the Greek Cypriot leader said.
Much of the progress in recent talks was based on the strong personal rapport between Anastasiades and Akinci, leader of the breakaway Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
The Turkish-held north is recognised only by Turkey.
But a row over Greek Cypriot schools marking the anniversary of an unofficial 1950 referendum supporting Enosis -- union with Greece -- has eroded trust.
And the leaders are still far apart on core issues such as power sharing, territorial adjustments and property rights.
Also in the mix are Greek Cypriot presidential elections year and the search for oil and gas, which Ankara wants to see stopped until peace talks have reached an outcome.
Any peace accord must be put to a referendum for a final say.
Beijing (AFP) April 14, 2017
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's comments that last week's chemical weapons attack was a fabrication to justify a US military strike are "100 percent lies", French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said Friday. "It's 100 percent lies and propaganda," Ayrault said during a visit to Beijing, responding to an exclusive AFP interview with Assad on Wednesday. "It's 100 percent cruelty and ... read more
Related Links
LETTER: Falcone thanks Lysander voters
To the editor:
I want to express my heartfelt thanks to the voters of Lysander for re-electing me as your town clerk. I am honored and humbled that you have placed your trust in me again. The support I felt on Election Day was incredible and I owe it to you. Not only am I thankful for your support, but also for all the candidates who offer to serve their communities and seek solutions for public problems. It is not easy to put oneself out there in such a public forum, so I give credit to those with the initiative to do so. Again, I thank you for the opportunity to serve.
Dina Falcone
Lysander Town Clerk
Share this: Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
BERLIN: German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) battled on Saturday (Feb 3) to find solutions to disputes on healthcare and labour rules as they discuss forming a government more than four months after an election.
The two parties aim to seal a deal on renewing the "grand coalition" that has governed Europe's largest economy since 2013 by the end of Sunday. But some politicians say talks on forging the unnatural partnership could run into Monday or Tuesday.
Arriving for negotiations, SPD deputy Manuela Schwesig urged the conservatives to compromise on two areas crucial to her party - abolishing fixed-term contracts for workers and reforming Germany's dual public-private healthcare system.
"I don't think Mrs Merkel can explain why there can't be any movement there," she said.
The SPD wants to prove to its members that it would be able to push through those core policies in the role of junior partner to Merkel's conservatives to make another "grand coalition" more appealing to sceptical grassroots members.
Many of the SPD's 443,000 members - who will get the chance to vote on any coalition deal - would prefer their party to revamp itself in opposition rather than signing up to another alliance with Merkel after the SPD suffered its worst postwar election result in September.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The two camps made some progress on labour policy on Friday by agreeing that employees in companies with more than 45 employees should have the right to move seamlessly back and forth between full- and part-time work.
STUMBLING BLOCK
Healthcare is a big stumbling block and party sources said Merkel and her Bavarian ally Horst Seehofer discussed the issue together on Saturday morning before meeting with the SPD.
The conservatives reject replacing the current system with a "citizen's insurance" as called for by the SPD and talks are now expected to focus on improving the position of those with public healthcare such as by changing billing rules for doctors, who earn more by treating private patients and so often favour them.
In a full day of negotiations on Saturday, the parties were also hoping to tick off issues including finances, rents and real estate prices, agriculture and municipalities.
They reached a deal on migration on Friday, agreeing to stick to wording of January's coalition blueprint that said the parties did not expect annual migration to exceed 220,000 per year.
But the two parties were still arguing over its meaning on Saturday, with Joachim Herrmann - a member of Merkel's CSU Bavarian allies who have called for an upper limit to migration - telling Rheinische Post newspaper he believed his party had secured a migrant cap in the negotiations.
Meanwhile SPD deputy Ralf Stegner insists the number is merely a prediction, writing on Twitter: "The fact remains that the SPD has not agreed to any upper limit and will not do so."
Migration is a sensitive issue given the influx of more than a million migrants since mid-2015 and the subsequent loss of support the conservatives suffered to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) in September's national election.
Steven Dampf and Hunter Burkard aren't much different from your average Weston High School seniors. They play sports, they study hard and they're finalizing their plans for college.
But unlike most seniors, Steven and Hunter are fully engaging in the entrepreneurial spirit by starting a Weston branch of Westport-based Top Hat Tutoring.
The pair, both 17, are running this student-organized tutoring business for Weston. They recently hired 10 Weston juniors and seniors to become tutors to help students in grades K-12.
“I reached out to Steven about possibly starting a tutoring company last year,” said Hunter. “Steven had a connection with the organization in Westport and we went from there.”
The pair hired their staff last week after posting an inquiry on a Facebook group. They had more than 30 applicants for the positions.
Steven, Hunter and their team are not volunteers. They get paid for their lessons and charge $40 an hour for the first tutee. Each additional student being tutored in the session is charged $20 an hour.
On top of the financial benefit, the boys said, they are naturally helpful people and this opportunity made sense for them.
“I like to work with kids. Over the summer and throughout the year I work at the YMCA,” said Hunter. “I think I'm a pretty smart guy and I thought I may as well exercise that through tutoring.”
Steven, a volunteer emergency medical technician (EMT), said helping others is second nature to him.
“I do a lot of community service and volunteer work and I've been performing well in school,” he said. “I might as well apply my knowledge, get a job and give people in Weston an affordable opportunity to be tutored by qualified students.”
He added that adult tutors often charge double what Top Hat Tutoring costs, and emphasized that students may be more comfortable working with other students.
Despite their youth, Hunter said, there has been no noticeable age bias in inquiries from parents who want their kids to be tutored.
“I think people see it as supporting fellow students,” said Hunter. Steven intervened, adding that an intrinsic benefit of using students to help students is direct familiarity with the source.
“Our tutors have been in the Weston system for their whole lives or at the very least most of their lives. They have a lot of experience taking most of the classes,” Steven said. “For any given subject and any given class, there is a very high chance that at least one of our tutors was very proficient in that class.”
Background
Steven is a lifelong resident of Weston, while Hunter moved to town four years ago at the beginning of high school.
Hunter is a captain of the golf team at Weston High and helps manage the girl's varsity basketball team. Steven is an accomplished tennis player who made the state finals last year for Weston.
Steven said he plans on majoring in biomedical engineering and neuroscience in college. He anticipates volunteering as an EMT at whatever school he goes to as well as playing club tennis.
“In college I plan on doing business and computer science,” said Hunter. “I might continue tutoring in college if everything goes well.”
The pair said their goal is to increase their business and the tutoring demand in Weston while segueing the business to Wilton as well.
Getting the word out has presented a challenge for the duo. Since they aren't school-sanctioned, they aren't allowed to advertise in the schools.
“They can't support us or let us put anything up because we charge for tutoring,” said Steven. “We get why they can't; it's just a little disappointing.”
Ultimately, the pair believes they are providing a viable, comfortable tutoring service for the town, a niche that as of now they say has not been filled.
“Most of us have been in the Weston system our whole lives. It gives us the edge over other tutors even if they have a college education,” said Steven. “What we may lack in a college degree I think we make up for in personability.”
Hunter views Top Hat Tutoring as a way to lend his skills to Weston.
“We can provide tutoring for kids who need it,” said Hunter. “The town is centered on the schools and on education, and I think the opportunity is there for us. By supporting us you're supporting kids who have been in Weston their whole lives.”
For more information, visit tophattutoring.com.
A financial expert on Monday called on the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to review the foreign exchange restriction placed on 41 items imported into the country.
Dr Uche Uwaleke, the Head of Banking and Finance Department, Nasarawa State University, Keffi, made the suggestion in an interview in Lagos.
He said that the review had become important, especially those items critical to the economic development of the country.
The CBN had in July, 2015, restricted about 41 items, including vegetable oil, poultry products, cosmetics and plastic and rubber products, among others, from access to foreign exchange from its official window.
The apex bank said that the country has the capacity to produce those items locally.
Uwaleke stated that the apex bank should, however, revisit the list of 41 items with a view to exempting a few, especially pharmaceutical items, considered critical to the health sector.
Uwaleke, who was assessing the apex bank's management of the forex crisis, said that the restrictions on a number of items should remain until the country's export base was sufficiently diversified.
He also scored the apex bank a pass mark on the management of the crisis, especially since the naira was floated in the second quarter of 2016.
“I would score the CBN a pass mark. It would be suicidal for the value of the naira to be left completely to market forces on account of the disequilibrium in favour of the demand side.
“Until the country's export base is sufficiently diversified and there are sustainable multiple streams of forex, the restrictions on a number of items from accessing forex from the CBN should remain,” Uwaleke said.
He stated that the introduction of the future segment had gone a long way in reducing pressure on the spot market.
According to him, the CBN should improve on market transparency due to allegations of multiple exchange rates in use.
“Much as it makes sense to adopt a concessional window for critical manufacturing inputs and fuel imports if the pump price of fuel must remain at present level, it is unacceptable to use preferential rates for top government officials,” he said.
Uwaleke said that the CBN should not contemplate the idea of using force to extinguish the parallel market.
He said that the strategy did not work in Venezuela and Egypt , noting that it would be a waste of resources if attempted in Nigeria.
MADRID: A Spanish government official on Friday (Oct 6) offered the first apology to Catalans injured by police during their outlawed independence vote, as the sides showed tentative signs of seeking to defuse the crisis.
Catalan leaders had threatened to declare independence unilaterally and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vowed to stop them, rejecting calls for mediation in a dispute that has drawn cries of concern even from Barcelona and Real Madrid footballers.
Spain's deepest political crisis in decades has raised fears of further unrest in the northeastern region, a tourist-friendly area of 7.5 million people that accounts for a fifth of Spain's economy.
Friday saw the first signs the sides may be willing to step back from the brink in a political conflict that risks destabilising Europe.
After days of ill-tempered rhetoric, the central government said it regretted the injuries and suggested Catalonia should hold a regional election to settle the crisis.
Catalan government minister Santi Vila, a close of ally of regional president Carles Puigdemont, meanwhile told broadcaster Rac1 that his side could consider a "ceasefire" in the dispute, to avoid a further crackdown by Madrid.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Businesses and the government kept up economic pressure on Catalonia however, with several big companies announcing moves to shift their legal domiciles to other parts of Spain.
'WE DEEPLY REGRET'
Puigdemont postponed an appearance in the regional parliament at which some leaders were hoping for a declaration of independence, a spokesman said - gaining time and easing tensions. It was unclear what he planned to say at the session.
Spain's central government apologised on behalf of police to people hurt in last Sunday's referendum disturbances.
"I can do nothing but regret it, apologise on behalf of the officers who intervened," said the government's representative in Catalonia, Enric Millo. "I am very sad, very sorry, we deeply regret that we have arrived at this situation," he said.
Central government spokesman Ignacio Mendez de Vigo also said later he "regretted" the injuries. "It would be good to start mending this fracture ... through regional elections," he told a news conference.
'SEDITION' CLAIMS
In Madrid meanwhile, Catalonia's police chief and two prominent separatist leaders avoided being remanded in custody at a court hearing Friday over sedition accusations.
The court summons raised tensions, but, despite the gravity of the accusations, the court did not issue a custodial order that could have further escalated the dispute.
Jordi Cuixart and Jordi Sanchez, leaders of Catalonia's two biggest pro-independence civil groups, and regional police chief Josep Lluis Trapero walked free from the preliminary hearing at the National Court in Madrid.
The two civil leaders were accused of sedition for their role in unrest during protests in Barcelona last month.
Trapero's force was accused of failing to rein in the protesters.
ECONOMIC PRESSURE
Spain's Constitutional Court on Thursday ordered the suspension of a session scheduled for Monday in the Catalan parliament at which some leaders have called for an independence declaration.
If Catalonia declares independence, Spain could respond by suspending the region's existing autonomous status and imposing direct rule from Madrid.
On another front, the government in Madrid pushed ahead with a measure to pressure Catalonia economically.
It passed a decree to make it quicker for businesses to shift their legal domiciles away from one region to another.
Energy company Gas Natural and Catalonia's two biggest banks, Sabadell and CaixaBank, said they were shifting their legal headquarters out of Catalonia.
Sources who asked not to be named told AFP that some customers had been withdrawing money from their bank accounts over concerns for the political situation.
With its own language and cultural traditions, demands for independence in Catalonia date back centuries but have surged during recent years of economic crisis.
REGION SPLIT
The Catalan government later on Friday published final results from the referendum vote indicating that 90 per cent of voters backed the region breaking away from Spain.
Voter turnout was 43 per cent.
Recent polls have indicated that Catalans are split on independence, though leaders warned the violence during the referendum turned many against the state authorities.
Switzerland said Friday it was "in contact" with both sides in the crisis but stressed that formal mediation could not begin until both camps were ready.
Madrid has said there will be no talks or mediation until the Catalans abandon the independence bid.
Opponents of secession have called for demonstrations around Spain on Saturday and a major rally in Barcelona on Saturday.
Eriksen enjoyed another fine campaign with Spurs, scoring 10 goals and making 11 assists in the Premier League.
Barcelona have reportedly been monitoring the 26-year-old with a high profile position available in the squad now that Nou Camp legend Andres Iniesta has left the club.
But according to El Gol Digital, Real Madrid see Eriksen as a long term replacement for Luka Modric.
Real have just won their third successive Champions League title but club's hierarchy are said to be concerned about the age of the squad.
Modric has been a terrific servant to the Madrid giants since his arrival from Tottenham in 2012.
World Cup quarter-finals guide: Who will progress to the last four in Russia? And what are some of the key player contests as the World
04/07/2018 01:10:00
Mathieu Henderson capped his four-year Ontario Hockey League career with a "breakout season.
"I kind of exceeded expectations," said the Brantford native, who wound up ninth among all OHL defencemen in scoring with 10 goals and 44 assists in 68 games with the Flint Firebirds.
He said he is "pretty happy" with his junior career.
"I always had the overagers saying it goes by faster than you'd expect," he said of his time in the league. "It turns out every one of them was right, especially this last year. It absolutely flew by.
Henderson's OHL career came to a conclusion at the end of March when the Firebirds were eliminated 4-1 in the best-of-seven opening round playoff series by the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds.
He said he remembers being nervous arriving in Plymouth for the 2013-14 season, his first in the OHL. The team included high NHL draft picks and players who would go on to be high draft picks.
"It was nerve-wracking being around those guys," said the six-foot, 180-pound defenceman. "But everyone kind of takes you in and you become a family quite quickly."
After scoring six goals and 12 assists in 60 games during his rookie season, Henderson got five goals and 29 assists in 68 games during his sophomore season.
For 2015-16, Plymouth relocated to Flint for what turned out to be a tumultous season. OHL commissioner David Branch suspended Rolf Nilsen for five years after the Firebirds owner twice fired the team's head coach over the protest of the players.
Despite that distraction, Henderson continued to shine, scoring 10 goals while adding 26 assists in 68 games.
Coming into his final season, the 21-year-old said he was looking to leave his mark.
"I just wanted to improve on the year before. That's kind of been the goal every year," he said.
"I'm happy it ended up turning out the way it did. I owe most of that to the coaches. The coaches were awesome and gave me the opportunity. That's what it comes down to - getting an opportunity and having people that believe in you."
Henderson said the coaches knew he had offensive ability but wanted him to work on his defence. He improved his plus/minus to minus-seven this season from minus-45 in the previous one.
"It turns out that working on the defensive end of the game is really what opened up the offensive opportunities."
Henderson scored one goal in the playoffs, Flint's first in a post-season game.
"It's definitely exciting."
Henderson said he spent time during the past season thinking about his future after the OHL.
"It's kind of been in the back of my mind the whole year," he said. "I wanted to put myself in the best situation possible to have as many doors open for options to play next year.
"With how things went, it definitely opened up some doors for me."
During the OHL playoffs, Henderson got a call from a member of the ECHL's South Carolina Stingrays asking him if he wanted to play for the team if Flint's season ended early.
"Right when our season ended, we got in touch again," Henderson said. "He flew me out the next day."
Henderson played three games for the Stingrays. With several players returning from injury, there wasn't room on the roster for him once the ECHL playoffs began.
"It was exciting to get into pro hockey a little bit and see what the atmosphere was like," said Henderson. "The coaches were awesome and all the players were great, too. They kind of took me in as their own, even though there were only three games left.
"It was just a great experience."
Henderson said he is still deciding his next step.
He may play pro hockey in North America or Europe or he may go to school. No matter what, he said he will continue to play the game that has given him so much.
"Hockey has basically been the biggest part of my life growing up," he said. "I've made so many friends, met so many amazing people through it and it has opened so many doors."
He attributed much of his success to his parents, Randy and Brenda.
"They've been my biggest supporters," he said. "If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't be where I am today."
bsmiley@postmedia.com
twitter.com/expbsmiley
The three types of gazes: the burlesque gaze, the male gaze, the medical gaze.
Advertisements
Record Store Day will take place tomorrow, Saturday April 22, with local independent music shops bracing themselves for armies of music fans beating a path to their door.
RSD is the one day of the year when over 200 independent record shops all across the UK come together to celebrate their culture. Special vinyl releases are made exclusively for the day and many shops host performances to mark the occasion.
Thousands more shops celebrate the day around the globe in what's become one of the biggest events on the music calendar.
This year Music's Not Dead in Devonshire Road, Bexhill, will be taking more than 400 exclusive releases including releases by classic artists David Bowie, The Beatles, Elastica, Pink Floyd, Prince and local heroes Keane and newer bands such as Slaves and Cabbage. Last year the queuing started at 11pm the night before in anticipation of the shop opening at 8am.
Alongside this the store will free live music from 1.30pm - 6.30pm with local favourites including Emily Barker, Peter Astor (Weather Prophets), Noble Jacks, Jason McNiff, Worry Dolls, and Moss Clarkson.
LONDON: Treatment with two important cancer drugs is about to get much cheaper in Europe with a cut-price copy of Roche's blood cancer drug Rituxan likely to hit the market imminently followed by a rival to its breast cancer medicine Herceptin.
As cancer drug prices spiral, the arrival of the first biosimilars or copies of biotech drugs, ones made inside living cells, puts European oncologist in the forefront of a treatment shift that could slash costs and expand patient access.
Copycat versions of Rituxan, also known as MabThera, and Herceptin have faced several delays in development in the past.
This time the world's biggest cancer drugmaker cannot escape the competition. Approval from the pan-European regulator, the European Medicines Agency (EMA), is pending and preparations are under way for the launch of a Rituxan biosimilar from South Korea's Celltrion.
"We're expecting it to be available shortly," Andrew Roberts of Napp Pharmaceuticals, which will sell the intravenous drug in Britain, told Reuters.
The EMA does not comment on upcoming approvals but its website shows it is assessing two biosimilar versions of Rituxan and three of Herceptin.
Industry analysts believe Mylan and its partner Biocon may win a green light for the first Herceptin biosimilar in Europe later this year.
Big numbers are at stake. Rituxan sold US$7.3 billion worldwide last year, while Herceptin brought in US$6.75 billion. Although copies of both are sold in parts of Asia, Europe is the first large market, with U.S. launches still some way off.
Investors have been concerned about how quickly doctors would trust the new drugs but cancer experts and healthcare providers, worried about the finances of Europe's healthcare system, say they plan to embrace the cut-price medicines.
Oncologist see savings creating financial headroom for a new wave of even more expensive immunotherapy drugs that are revolutionizing cancer care but can cost more than US$100,000 per patient.
"Whether it's in the public or the private sector, we need to provide sustainable healthcare and biosimilars are clearly a good way to improve affordability," said Josep Tabernero, head of medical oncology at the Vall d'Hebron University Hospital in Barcelona.
Tabernero believes uptake will be just as good as for biosimilar rheumatoid arthritis drugs, known as anti-TNFs, which were launched in Europe a couple of years back.
While it took a few months for physicians to get comfortable with those first antibody copycats, demand has since taken off and competition has driven down anti-TNF prices substantially.
50 PERCENT DISCOUNT
Because biotech drugs are made inside living cells it is impossible to make exact generic copies, as happens with simple pills, so regulators have come up with the notion of approving products that are "similar" enough to do the job.
That makes developing them relatively costly, leading to initial expectations of only modest price discounts.
Yet biosimilar anti-TNFs now sell at around a 50 percent discount and Novartis, whose Sandoz unit has one of the biggest biosimilars portfolios, reckons discounts could widen to as high as 75 percent in some instances.
Tabernero, who is president-elect of the European Society of Medical Oncology and co-wrote a technical paper last month putting the case for biosimilars, told Reuters he would "love to see discounts of 40 to 60 percent".
Based on the rheumatology experience, discounts are likely to start out at around 30 percent.
"If European oncologists are offered highly effective biosimilar agents at a better price, I'm sure they will receive them extremely positively," said Paul Workman, chief executive of Britain's Institute of Cancer Research.
Officials running Europe's national healthcare systems are also paying close attention. Nordic countries and Germany have led the way in using biosimilars but others are now taking action to drive up biosimilar use.
Britain, for example, which spends more than 300 million pounds (US$375 million) on Rituxan and Herceptin, has set a target for 90 percent of new patients treated in National Health Service hospitals to get biosimilars in future.
And the British Oncology Pharmacy Association declared last week it was committed to optimizing the use of biosimilar antibodies in cancer treatment.
New cancer patients, rather than those already started on an existing medicine, are the group most likely to receive biosimilars, at least initially. Still, the nature of treatment, often involving multiple therapy regimens, means this may not hinder biosimilar uptake in the medium-term.
"We won't see instant uptake in every area but we would still expect much faster uptake than has been seen in the past with biosimilars," said Napp's Roberts.
The EMA has to date approved 23 biosimilars against just four in the United States.
"The EMA has done a good job. It realized many years ago that this is very strategic for managing drug costs in Europe and they set clear, understandable guidelines very early on," said Oliver Kubli of Bellevue Asset Management in Zurich.
With a run of patent expiries on blockbuster biotech drugs lasting until around 2022, he is betting on a surge in sales for biosimilar manufacturers in the coming years, even with price discounts of 50 to 70 percent.
Roche acknowledged this month it would see some erosion from biosimilars this year, although it is hoping to offset this with better or more convenient follow-on products.
(Editing by Anna Willard)
The Good Morning Britain star sent temperatures soaring as she rocked a figure-hugging blue dress on the ITV show today.
Susanna Reid's co-star took to her Charlotte Hawkins Instagram page to show off the outfit.
The photo saw Charlotte, 43, rocking a mega-watt smile as she posed in the tie-up dress.
She teamed the sophisticated number with some eye-catching metallic heels, while she wore her golden locks down in bombshell curls.
Getty Images
Out of the four candidates bidding for a chance to own the Carolina Panthers, team owner Jerry Richardson's son, Mark, has his favorite out of the group.
According to Joseph Person of the Charlotte Observer, Mark is pulling for South Carolina businessman Ben Navarro is his top choice to purchase the franchise.
“I'm sure there are multiple people that could be the right next owner. I personally know Ben and I know what he stands for,” Richardson said. “I know where his heart and his head is, and what his commitments are. And I can't imagine a better person being the next owner than him.”
Richardson is a former team president and a part owner of the team his father has controlled since the franchise was founded in 1993. While Mark has his preference, it will be his father's decision as to who will take the controlling interest of the team.
Navarro, Alan Kestenbaum, Michael Rubin and David Tepper are the lead figures of the entities engaged in the bidding process for the team.
“I'm a fan of his and I'm a fan of what he stands for and how he does things. He's committed to the right things for the right reasons,” Richardson said.
“I think he'd be a wonderful owner.”
The NFL would still have to approve the sale of the franchise to any of the candidates selected.
Jessica Biel and Michelle Purple's Iron Ocean Productions is partnering with 44 Blue Productions on an animated series, Variety has learned exclusively.
Currently titled “Going Doll,” the series follows a cast of fame-fueled, self-absorbed caricatures of today's “housewife culture” as they take over Los Angeles and espouse their beliefs on getting ahead, based on their fictional self-help book “Dollface: A Modern Woman's Guide to Etiquette, Social Climbing, Celebrity and Monetizing the Marriage.”
The project is inspired by “Angie Dolls,” a series of sketches and felt dolls satirizing the bourgeois lifestyle of Australia's suburban upper class. They were created by Australian-based former fashion model and novelist Miranda Darling and UK-based fashion photographer Sophie Edelstein.
“We are beyond excited to be partnering with 44 Blue Productions to create ‘Going Doll,' and to share Miranda Darling and Sophie Edelstein's brilliant and humorous creative minds with
audiences,” Biel said. “This is different than anything we've done before and we can't wait to bring these eccentric characters to life on-screen.”
Biel and Purple formed Iron Ocean with the mission to create original content and a platform that enhances strong female voices. Their most recent project, USA's limited TV series “The Sinner,” garnered Biel Golden Globe and Critic's Choice award nominations for best actress and nominations for both women as series executive producers on the project. The company is currently in production on the second season of the show.
“We fell in love with the ‘Dolls' irreverent humor from the moment Jessica Biel and Michelle Purple ‘introduced' us,” said 44 Blue President and Co-founder Stephanie Noonan
Drachkovitch. “We're thrilled to partner with Iron Ocean to bring Miranda Darling and Sophie Edelstein's unique vision to life – we know the outrageous but lovable Dolls are going to make quite an impact when they hit stateside!”
Feb 2(Reuters) - Shanghai Fengyuzhu Exhibition Co Ltd :
* Says actual controller proposed to pay a cash dividend of 8 yuan for every 10 shares, and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares, as dividend payment plan for FY 2017
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/aVxVa7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Jammu: Jammu and Kashmir government has approved withdrawal of cases registered against 9,730 people involved in stone-pelting incidents, including first-time offenders, between 2008 and 2017, Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti said on Saturday.
The government action to withdraw 1,745 cases is subject to "certain conditions" and is based on recommendations of a committee constituted to look into the matter, Mufti said.
She said her government has also recommended to give amnesty to more than 4,000 people, who are said to be involved in minor incidents of stone pelting over the past two years.
In a written reply to a question in the Assembly, Mufti did not disclose the particulars of first-time offenders due to security considerations for them and their families.
However, she said 3,773 cases were registered in 2016 and 2017, leading to the arrest of 11,290 people, of whom 233 remained untraced.
Seven cases were not admitted and 1,692 were chargesheeted, while 1,841 cases were under investigation, Mufti, who hold the home department portfolio, said.
Intense clashes had rocked Kashmir Valley in 2016 following the death of Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani in July that year, resulting in the death of over 85 people.
The chief minister said while 2,904 cases were registered and 8,570 people were arrested in connection with stone-pelting incidents in 2016, the number of such cases in 2017 dropped to 869 in which 2,720 people were arrested.
The highest 2,330 people were arrested in Srinagar followed by 2,046 in Baramulla, 1,385 in Pulwama, 1,123 in Kupwara, 1,118 in Anantnag, 783 in Budgam, 714 in Ganderbal, 694 in Shopian, 548 in Bandipora, 547 in Kulgam and two in Doda districts during 2016 and 2017, she said.
She said 56 government employees and 16 Hurriyat Conference activists were among the 4,949 people found involved in stone-pelting incidents, while 4,074 were not affiliated with any separatist or militant group.
Posted by Josh Alper on June 14, 2017, 2:00 PM EDT
DeAngelo Hall is back for a 14th season, but he won't be making as much money as his contract originally called for him to get in 2017.
Hall told reporters at the Redskins facility on Wednesday that he agreed to a pay cut recently. Hall was set to make a base salary of $4.25 million and count just under $5.1 million against the salary cap in the final year of his deal. He didn't share the details of the new arrangement.
Hall moved from cornerback to safety during the 2015 season, but he didn't get too much time at the new spot last season because a torn ACL in the third week sent him to season-ending injured reserve. Coach Jay Gruden said Wednesday, via Brian McNally of 106.7 The Fan, that he thought Hall was “gaining momentum” at safety before the injury.
The position group looks different than it did when Hall went down. The team added D.J. Swearinger as a free agent, drafted Montae Nicholson in the fourth round and moved Su'a Cravens from linebacker as they reorganized the spot this offseason.
As a strict vegetarian, having preconceived notions about my maiden international visit to the Gulf, and that too to Oman, wasn't unusual. But they fell flat as the hospitality, culture, architectural grandeur, picturesque landscape, exotic beaches, flora and fauna of the country had the sceptical traveller in me yearning for more.Oman, which is well-connected to India with direct flights from Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Lucknow and Bengaluru, is home to around five million people -- of whom 45 per cent are foreigners, mainly from India, Bangladesh and Pakistan. To me, it seemed like an ideal destination for those seeking a social media detox.Muscat and its nearby cities of Nizwa, Al Hamra, Bahla and Sur -- all located in northeastern Oman -- offer varied landscapes to watch out for -- whether it is the mountains that surround them or the sea.You don't really need to pay for roller-coaster rides in Oman as they can very well be experienced while riding cars on mountains -- with some of the steeper slopes providing an adrenaline rush. Activities like camel-riding, dune-bashing and quad-biking at Dunes By Nahada are an added advantage. Mountains in Oman are a delight, especially to cut out the scorching heat.And if you wish for a romantic royal dine out with a scenic mountain backdrop, then Diana's Point -- named after the late Princess Diana -- situated at the Anantara Al Jabal Al Akhdar Resort on the Green Mountain, can be a fruitful choice.Are you a water baby? Well, in that case too, Oman has a lot to offer. There are several exotic beach locations and wadis (more than 3,000 all over the country), where the unique green water tempts you to take a dip. Boating, turtle and dolphin watching at Shangri-La Resorts and Ras Al Jinz are activities not to be missed by travel junkies.Besides the mountains and sea, what I connected most with in Oman were the grand, world class architectural marvels, especially of the Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque and the Royal Opera House, where Indian sitar player and composer Anoushka Shankar performed last year.The 4.5-km long Al Hoota Cave at the foot of the Jabal Shams mountains, the National Museum showing the nation's heritage, the Al Ala Palace and over 500 forts and castles are a few locations that can be added to your check list.If you are a foodie and on a hunt for non-vegetarian cuisine, then there are a lot of local Omani dishes with chicken, fish and lamb along with rice that are served on platters. However, be careful while placing an order as people in Oman are very particular about superlative quality and "king size" quantity.But if you are a vegetarian, you might have to struggle a bit -- though Mumtaz Mahal restaurant in Muscat is popular among vegetarian Indians. Also, most of the restaurants have Indian chefs who are quite capable of dishing out veggie fare; so there's nothing much to worry about. In any case, as per Omani tradition, guests are offered yummy dates and coffee for free at all places.If you don't end up spending all your money on sightseeing and food, you can go shopping at the Muttrah Souq and various malls in Muscat. Don't miss the dates.Another interesting place to watch out for is the Amouage factory where perfumes are made from herbs. However, considering Oman's currency rate (approximately Rs 170 for 1 Omani Rial), you definitely should carry a packed wallet.To enjoy all this in Oman to its fullest, you actually need a good 8-10 days. Otherwise, it could become a bit hectic as I experienced on my five-day tour. All said and done, this tax-free country definitely deserves a one-time check-in.(The writer's trip was at the invitation of Oman Tourism. Sandeep Sharma can be contacted at sandeep.s@ians.in)
CAIRO: Egyptian archaeologists on Saturday (Feb 3) unveiled the tomb of an Old Kingdom priestess adorned with well-preserved and rare wall paintings.
Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Enany told reporters that the tomb on the Giza plateau near Cairo was built for Hetpet, a priestess to Hathor, the goddess of fertility, who assisted women in childbirth.
The tomb was found during excavation work in Giza's western cemetery by a team of Egyptian archaeologists led by Mostafa Waziri, secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities.
The antiquities ministry said the cemetery houses tombs of top officials from the Old Kingdom's Fifth Dynasty (2465-2323 BC), and that several have already been dug up since 1842.
The newly discovered tomb "has the architectural style and the decorative elements of the Fifth Dynasty, with an entrance leading to an 'L' shaped shrine", the ministry said.
"The tomb has very distinguished wall paintings in a very good conservation condition depicting Hetpet standing in different hunting and fishing scenes or ... receiving offerings from her children," it said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The paintings also show scenes of musical and dancing performances as well as two scenes featuring monkeys - domestic animals at the time - one picking and eating fruit and the other dancing in front of an orchestra.
A woman takes a photo inside the newly discovered tomb of Old Kingdom official Hetpet who was priestess to fertility goddess Hathor on Egypt's Giza plateau. (Photo: AFP/Mohamed El-Shahed)
Waziri told AFP the paintings were unusual.
"Such scenes are rare ... and have only been found previously in the (Old Kingdom) tomb of 'Ka-Iber' where a painting shows a monkey dancing in front of a guitarist not an orchestra," he said.
That tomb is located in Saqqara, a necropolis about 20 kilometres south of Cairo.
Enany told reporters the new tomb includes "a purification basin on which are engraved the name of the tomb's owner and her titles".
"A German expedition had found in 1909 a collection of antiquities carrying this lady's name, or a lady who has the same name, and these antiquities were moved to the Berlin museum at the time," he said.
"And 109 years later, we find this tomb that carries Hetpet's name."
Waziri said archaeologists will continue to excavate the site and hope to make new discoveries.
Dec 11 (Reuters) - K2fly Ltd:
* ‍ANTICIPATED REVENUE FOR QUARTER WILL BE IN RANGE OF $630-640K​
* ‍DECEMBER REVENUE IS EXPECTED TO BE ABOUT $300K​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sunday afternoon, folks in Baltimore were hit HARD by the flash floods; more specific, residents and business owners in the historic Ellicott City area. Flooding caused a million dollars of damage to the area, way more than the flood in the area in 2016.
As you can imagine it will take them a long time to rebuild and start over. Many churches in the area have provided shelters for those who need it. Comcast is even stepping in to help provide Wifi for those who need it.
In a released statement, Comcast has stated “Our thoughts are with all those impacted by the catastrophic flooding in Ellicott City. To help residents, businesses and emergency personnel cope with the aftermath, Comcast has opened hundreds of Xfinity WiFi hotspots in the Ellicott City area to anyone who needs them including non-Xfinity customers.”
Xfinity users can use their log-in for the free wifi while non-xfinity users will have to log in every two hours for continued services.
Source
Comcast Steps In To Help Those Impacted By Flooding In Ellicott City was originally published on 92q.com
Also On Magic 95.9:
Google Play reviews
NFL Game Pass Europe, an app that allows overseas fans to watch games on their mobile devices, has been receiving largely negative reviews this year as fans have complained about changes that have made the app less user-friendly. But the app has received some positive reviews — from the app developer.
Deltatre, the company that develops the app, acknowledged that some of its own employees have been posting favorable reviews of the app under fake names, in an attempt to counteract the largely negative reviews from the general public.
“Deltatre apologises for the posting of positive reviews of its Game Pass Europe App,” the company said in a statement. “We have taken swift action to remove the limited number of these reviews. We have also taken measures to improve our internal processes and increased oversight to ensure this does not happen again. NFL Game Pass Europe is an important service to NFL fans outside the US and we are committed to delivering the best possible service to them.”
NFL Executive V.P. Mark Waller said the NFL isn't pleased with the situation.
“We are very disappointed that Deltatre employees were asked to post their own positive reviews,” Waller said. “This activity is inconsistent with our own NFL values and behaviors and we have clearly communicated this to Deltatre. We are pleased by the swift action they have taken and are now focused on continuing to improve the service being offered to our fans.”
Canadian fans have also been complaining about substandard quality from the streaming service available to fans in Canada. As the NFL attempts to make inroads in other countries, it's having a tough time teaming with companies that can reliably put its product in front of foreign fans.
KINSHASA: Bournemouth striker Benik Afobe has pulled out of the African Nations Cup finals to stay with his Premier League team despite recently switching his allegiance from England to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The Congolese football federation (Fecofa) on Monday confirmed Afobe's withdrawal from a 31-man preliminary squad, who have gathered in Yaounde, Cameroon for pre-tournament preparations.
"Afobe has forfeited from the tournament," said media officer Gerard-Desire Angengwa without offering any reason. British media reported that Afobe had told the Congolese coach Florent Ibenge he wished to consolidate his place in the Bournemouth starting line-up after scoring against Swansea City in a 3-0 away win on Saturday. "The manager showed faith in me by starting me and I wanted to repay him with a goal, so I'm happy," the 23-year-old told his club's website (www.afcb.co.uk) after the victory on New Year's eve.
"The goal was a great relief and a goal at a crucial time. The lads have been helping me a lot and I want to improve personally."
Afobe now has two goals in his last three starts for the Cherries but could be banned from playing for his club for the duration of the three-week tournament, which starts on Jan. 14, if the Congolese federation take up the issue with FIFA. Afobe's decision comes less than two months after receiving FIFA's permission belatedly to switch his international allegiance after previously playing for England at the under-21 level.
He was supposed to debut for the Congolese in November's World Cup qualifier at Guinea but was stymied when the Football Association sent his paperwork for the switch of nationality to the wrong federation, embarrassingly mixing up DR Congo with neighbouring Congo-Brazzaville. Afobe had been left frustrated after flying all the way to Africa to find he was not eligible to play, permission coming too late after the mix-up in London was discovered. DR Congo have a tough group at the tournament in Gabon, competing with holders Ivory Coast, Morocco and Togo in Group C. Their opening game is against Morocco in Oyem on Jan. 16.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
U.S. employers added a robust 200,000 jobs in January, and wages rose at the fastest pace in more than eight years, evidence of a healthy job market.
The pay gains suggest that employers are increasingly competing for a limited pool of workers. Raises stemming from Republican tax cuts and minimum wage increases in 18 states also likely boosted pay last month.
The unemployment rate remained 4.1 percent for a fourth straight month, the lowest level since 2000, the Labor Department said in its monthly jobs report Friday.
The figures point to an economy on strong footing even in its ninth year of expansion, fueled by global economic growth and steady consumer spending at home.
The pickup in hourly wages, along with a recent uptick in inflation, may make it more likely that the Federal Reserve will raise short-term interest rates more quickly in the coming months.
Most other recent economic data have also been encouraging. Factories, for example, expanded rapidly in January, according to a survey of purchasing managers, in part because a weaker U.S. dollar and solid growth overseas have boosted U.S. exports.
And many Americans appear confident enough to buy homes: Sales of existing houses reached their highest level in 11 years in 2017. At the same time, would-be buyers are struggling to find suitable homes because so few properties are available for sale. The demand for housing helped lift home building in 2017 to its fastest pace in a decade. Construction companies added 210,000 jobs last year, the most in two years.
With unemployment at a 17-year low, there are fewer job-seekers for businesses to hire. The thinner pool of applicants has slowed job gains the past two years. Most economists expect that trend to continue in 2018. But if wage growth picks up consistently, some Americans who have stopped looking for work the past few years might resume their job hunt. Their influx could boost hiring in coming months.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
