Country Life's France special issue saw some amazing properties up for sale – here's a selection of some of the best.
On this new luxury development we offer a delightful 4 bed / 4-bath apartment with views across the Bay of Angels. Close to Nice centre and the famous Promenade des Anglais.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
Stunning Côte d'Azur stone built property with sea view to the Bay of Cannes. Featuring a large plot with pool and automatic watering system. Walking distance to all amenities.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
An exquisite former monastery, set on the banks of the river, has been transformed into a boutique hotel and prestigious destination venue. Sumptuous owner's accommodation.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
An striking château situated in the glorious Charente countryside. It has 7 bedrooms, 2 separate apartments, pool and park-like gardens – a real must-see gem.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
A charming château set in just over 5Ha of gardens and land, all fully enclosed behind handsome gates, stone walls and elegant railings. Includes guardian's cottage and barns.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
Beautifully presented 9 bedroom 19thC château style property. Rural French village location close to the city of Niort. Currently run as a B&B wth owners accomodation.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
A handsome property set in over 5Ha of mature parkland and woods. There is an old coach house for conversion, an orangery, heated pool and stables with 4 boxes.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
An outstanding 7 bed historic townhouses with a secluded garden, covered terrace, summer house and large pool. It offers the possibility of becoming a boutique B&B.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
Stunning small, easily managed and very well appointed Chateau in the heart of Gascony. 1 hr west of Toupouse. 6 bedrooms, 2 apartments, 2 gites, stables, swimming pool and tennis court. Established grounds, paddocks, woodland and farmland. In all 68 ha.
For sale with France Prestige Farms. See more pictures and details about this property.
An impressive 12 bed châteaux set in 2.5Ha with incredible views over the Côtes de Blaye AOC vineyards. It benefits from a pool, chapel, guest house and expansive terraces.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
Outstanding 4 bed architect-designed chalet close to the Grand Massif and Portes du Soleil ski areas. Ideal for all year round mountain living. Wonderful mountain views.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
Situated in the very heart of a beautiful, large, 2 hectare forest with its blissfully quiet environment are 3 picturesque lakes,sized: 3000 m²,2000 m² and 1000 m². There is also a Cabin of 30 m² with a mezzanine area, perfect for use when enjoying the lakes, fishing, picnics etc and there are also further sheds, in the centre of these unique grounds.
For sale with Pauline Handover. See more pictures and details about this property.
This superb château is set in 3Ha of manicured parkland and includes 10 ensuite bedrooms, various reception rooms, professional kitchen, two pools and guest houses.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
Outstanding 12 bedroom, 17th and 19thC château set in 12Ha of land with a beautiful heated pool, stables, a variety of outbuildings and caretaker's accommodation.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
Charming manor house with medieval origins, beautifully restored maintaining many original features. Gatekeeper's cottage, beautiful gardens and large outbuildings.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
This 3-bed apartment is in the centre of Meribel and a short walk from the Chaudanne ski lift hub and high street. Sold subject to a leaseback agreement.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
A collection of buildings in a stunning location comprising a main 3-bed house, a 1 bed guardian's house plus a 2 bed and 1 bed gîte. Sitting proudly in large grounds with 2 pools.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
A great buy – 6 bed property within walking distance of pretty Callian with amenities and restaurants. Set on a large plot with infinity pool and fabulous views. 35kms to beaches.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
This amazing 8 bed property is surrounded by woods, beautiful gardens and offers many features including three towers which make it feel like a real fairytale castle. Over 2.6Ha.
For sale with Leggett Prestige. See more pictures and details about this property.
PREMIUM Leisure Corp. (PLC) reported its attributable net income increased by 12% in the first quarter, as higher interest income and dividends offset a drop in revenues.
In a regulatory filing, PLC said its net income attributable to parent stood at P474.42 million for the three months ending March, 12% up from P424.96 million during the same period last year.
The company's first quarter revenues slipped 3% to P1.22 billion, as gaming revenue share from City of Dreams Manila dropped 8% to P664.33 million.
PLC owns 100% of Premium Leisure and Amusement, Inc., which is the co-licensee of City of Dreams Manila. Located in Entertainment City, the integrated resort and casino complex began operations in 2014.
PLC reported its equipment lease rentals fell 5% to P439.85 million during the first quarter, but commission and distribution income surged 53% to P119.9 million.
The company also has a 50.7% controlling stake in Pacific Online Systems Corp. (LOTO), which leases online betting equipment to the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office for operations in Visayas and Mindanao.
Expenses increased by only 1% to P718.66 million during the first quarter. This comes amid a 12% drop in service and consultancy fees to P95.64 million, and 45% decline in online lottery expenses to P50.24 million.
“The lower expenses in line with the lower revenues were offset by the higher expenses due to the consolidation of nine companies under Lucky Circle Corp. (LCC) effective July 2017, resulting in a minimal 1% increase in costs and expenses,” PLC said.
Shares in PLC added 1 centavo to close at P1.01 apiece on Tuesday.
KATY PERRY & ORLANDO BLOOM
After a little more than a year of dating, the couple made the decision to take a break. "Before rumors or falsifications get out of hand, we can confirm that Orlando and Katy are taking respectful, loving space at this time," a statement to PEOPLE from both of their reps read. While the pair announced their temporary split this week, sources close to the stars stress that neither Perry nor Bloom were looking for something serious. Over the last few weeks, the relationship "just became more and more work to make it work," said the Perry source. "Because this wasn't something permanent, it just became time to take a break."
In August 2017, Perry and Bloom were spotted at an Ed Sheeran concert together, prompting rumors that the pair reconciled. "Katy and Orlando aren't back together, but they have history and are open to seeing what happens,” a source told PEOPLE.
The Fourth of July holiday is a time when many Americans like to break out the patriotic displays, but Arthur McCann takes it to another level.
Scroll for more content...
The Norwood resident has transformed his front lawn on Earle Street into a red, white and blue American flag complete with 50 stars and 13 stripes. He used field paint, stencils and measuring tape to get the job done.
"If you're going to do it, you have to do it right," McCann said.
He tells WBZ-TV that he comes from a patriotic family, with a grandfather who served in World War II, and wants to show respect for veterans and others serving their country.
"I just love America and the freedom and opportunities it gives and I love to be creative," McCann said.
McCann has a big Independence Day party ever year. He said the response to the lawn flag from those in town "is through the roof."
"I'm blown away. People stand on the roof of their car and take pictures with their kids here," he said. "It's so cool to see a good, positive response."
May 2 Dennys Corp
* Denny's Corporation reports results for first quarter 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.11
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.12
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.13 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Dennys Corp qtrly total operating revenue grew 2.6% to $127.9 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.13, revenue view $129.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Dennys Corp sees 2017 same-store sales growth at company and domestic franchised restaurants between 0% and 2%
* Dennys Corp -in 2017 expects 45 to 50 new restaurant openings, with net restaurant growth of 10 to 20 restaurants
* Dennys corp sees 2017 total operating revenue between $523 and $532 million including franchise and licensing revenue between $140 and $142 million
* Dennys Corp sees 2017 company restaurant margin between 17.5% and 18% and franchise restaurant margin between 71% and 71.5%
* Dennys Corp sees 2017 cash capital expenditures between $22 million and $24 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
[India], June 15 (ANI): At least four people were killed and ten others injured in a car accident in Jaisalmer's Fatehgarh on Thursday.
The injured, along with the dead bodies, were sent to a nearby Primary Health Centre (PHC).
According to reports, the Tavera was travelling from Jaisalmer to Barmer, when the driver lost control and crashed into a tree near the Devka village.
The dead includes a child and the car's driver along with 55-year-old Hemaram and 65-year-old Dakhudevi. (ANI)
NEW YORK (AP) — Top American and North Korean officials plan a full day of meetings in New York aimed at deciding whether a summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un can be salvaged.
Ahead of the meetings Thursday, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and the North's former military intelligence chief, Kim Yong Chol, had dinner Wednesday night. Kim had flown in from Beijing and Pompeo from Washington.
The talks come as preparations for a highly anticipated summit in Singapore barrel ahead amid lingering uncertainty about whether it will actually take place, and when. Trump cancelled the June 12 summit last week, then suggested it could still happen.
U.S. teams have been meeting with North Korean officials in Singapore and in the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone.
Thursday, June 15, 2017
10th Week in
Ordinary Time
1st Reading: 2 Cor 3:15—4:1, 3-6
Gospel:
Matthew 5:20-26
Jesus said to the crowds, “I tell you, then, that if you are not righteous in a much broader way than the teachers of the Law and the Pharisees, you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven.
“You have heard that it was said to our people in the past: Do not commit murder; anyone who does kill will have to face trial. But now I tell you: whoever gets angry with a brother or sister will have to face trial. Whoever insults a brother or sister deserves to be brought before the council; whoever calls a brother or a sister ‘Fool' deserves to be thrown into the fire of hell. So, if you are about to offer your gift at the altar and you remember that your brother has something against you, leave your gift there in front of the altar, go at once and make peace with him, and then come back and offer your gift to God.
“Don't forget this: be reconciled with your opponent quickly when you are together on the way to court. Otherwise he will turn you over to the judge, who will hand you over to the police, who will put you in jail. There you will stay, until you have paid the last penny.”
D@iGITAL-EXPERIENCE
(Daily Gospel in the Assimilated Life Experience)
Ritual offerings are meant to please God. But we learn from today's Gospel reading that there are particular types of ritual offerings that displease him. Such are the offerings of people whose religiosity is at the same level of the religiosity of the Pharisees. Their offerings of these people take them nowhere nearer God but only to a certain level of righteousness. Unfortunately, that level of righteousness is the home court of the Pharisees whom Jesus labeled as hypocrites.
For offerings to be pleasing to God, these must come from people whose religiosity is broader than that of the Pharisees. The Pharisees thought their offerings were pleasing to God because they were righteous people. But their righteousness was based on literal compliance of the law and the commandments. Tied to the letter of the commandments their offerings couldn't soar higher to the abode of God.
If we want our offerings to be pleasing to God, our religiosity must be broader than the religiosity of the Pharisees. Broader religiosity goes beyond mere compliance of the written commandments of God. Today's Gospel takes up as example the case of anger. The commandments prohibit killing. But we should not even get angry toward others because such could lead to murder. How many times have we come to the altar of offering with anger in our hearts and still thought that our offerings were pleasing to God? – (Atty.) Rev. Fr. Dan Domingo P. delos Angeles, Jr., DM
May comment ka ba sa column ni Father Dan? May tanong ka ba sa kanya?
I-type ang BANDERA REACT at i-send sa 4467.
× Power-sucking Bitcoin ‘mines' spark backlash
Bitcoin “miners” who use rows of computers whirring at the same time to produce virtual currencies began taking root along New York's northern border a couple of years ago to tap into some of the nation's cheapest hydroelectric power, offering an air of Silicon Valley sophistication to this often-snowy region.
But as the once-high-flying bitcoin market has waned, so too has the enthusiasm for bitcoin miners. Mining operations with stacks of servers suck up so much electricity that they are in some cases causing power rates to spike for ordinary customers. And some officials question whether it's all worth it for the relatively few jobs created.
“We don't want someone coming in, taking our resources, not creating the jobs they professed to create and then disappear,” said Tim Currier, mayor of Massena, a village just south of the Canadian border, where bitcoin operator Coinmint recently announced plans to use the old aluminum plant site for a mining operation that would require 400 megawatts — roughly enough to power 300,000 homes at once.
In Plattsburgh, where two cryptocurrency operations have been blamed for spiking electricity rates, the prospect of more cryptocurrency miners plugging in spooked officials enough in March to enact an 18-month moratorium on new operations. The small border village of Rouses Point also is holding off on approving new server farms and Lake Placid is considering a moratorium.
For local officials, the power struggle has been a crash course in the esoteric bitcoin mining business in which miners earn bitcoins by making complex calculations that verify transactions on the digital currency's public ledger.
Since it often uses hundreds of computers that throw off tremendous heat and burn a lot of power, it has tended to gravitate towards cooler places with cheap electricity, such as geothermal-rich Iceland or along the Columbia River region of Washington state.
The stretch of New York near the Canadian border similarly fits the bill. Cheap hydropower from a dam spanning the St. Lawrence River is doled out by a state authority to local businesses that promise to create jobs. Additionally, some municipalities such as Massena and Plattsburgh receive cheap electricity from a separate hydropower project near Niagara Falls.
In Plattsburgh, electricity is so cheap most residents use it instead of oil or wood to heat their homes. The couple of commercial cryptocurrency mines here can get an industrial rate of about 3 cents per kilowatt hour — less than half the national average.
But Plattsburgh Mayor Colin Read said its largest operator, Coinmint, which has two plants employing 20 or fewer people, can consume about 10 percent of Plattsburgh's 104 megawatt cheap electricity quota. When the city exceeded its allocation like it did this winter, customers ended up paying $10 to $30 more a month for the extra electricity. For a major employer like Mold-Rite Plastics plant, it cost them at least $15,000 in February.
State regulators have since given municipal utilities the ability to charge higher rates to cryptocurrency miners. At least one bitcoin miner in Plattsburgh says he's working with the city on solutions to the power worries.
Ryan Brienza, founder and CEO of the hosting company Zafra, said those could include mining on behalf of the city for an hour a day or harnessing the heat from mining computers to warm up large spaces.
While the direct number of jobs associated with mines can be small, Brienza said they can bring revenue, investments and talent to the city while employing local contractors.
“It can start snowballing,” Brienza said.
Coinmint's plans for a new plant in Massena, for example, come with a promise of 150 jobs. That's welcome in an area that in the past decade has suffered though the loss of aluminum-making jobs and the closure of a General Motors powertrain plant.
“J-O-Bs. Yup. What we need up here,” said Steve O'Shaughnessy, Massena town supervisor.
Coinmint had asked for a cheap power allocation from the New York Power Authority for Massena for part of its energy needs, but that request was deferred.
The power authority has separately enacted its own moratorium on allocating hydropower to cryptocurrency operations — mirroring municipalities that have effectively pushed the “pause” button on a rush of miners coming in.
Coinmint representatives said this month they hope to begin the Massena operation in the second part of this year. The company stressed that mines can be a good fit for this job-hungry area.
“They're also going to get substantially more efficient over time,” said Coinmint spokesman Kyle Carlton. “So to the extent that Plattsburgh or Massena or anybody else can get in on that and establish themselves on the ground floor, I think that's going to help those cities to be successful.”
People walk past a store by yogawear retailer Lululemon Athletica in New York City, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The logo for Lululemon Athletica is seen outside a retail store in New York City, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The steep drop in Lululemon Athletica's (LULU.O) stock price, following a sales warning that resulted from poor colour choices in the company's spring collection, turns the spotlight on slowing growth in the athleisure category pioneered by the Canadian yogawear retailer.
Shares of rivals Nike Inc (NKE.N) and Under Armour (UAA.N) also were down on Thursday, raising questions of whether athletic leisure wear can maintain its torrid growth amid competition from denim and possible shopper fatigue with the now decade-old fashion category.
In the age of fast fashion, when trends change overnight, athletic leisure wear is showing signs of age. Industry-wide sales in North America have grown 39.2 percent to $26.05 billion in the last five years, according to Euromonitor.
However, sales in the category are expected to grow at 5.2 percent in 2017, slower than the average 6.9 percent rate at which the category had grown in the last five years.
The latest quarterly results have also indicated a slowdown from the marquee manufacturers.
The last few years have seen a surge in the number of retailers offering athleisure clothes, ranging from mass-market products sold by retailers such as Gap Inc (GPS.N) to $1,000 leggings from designers such as Alexander McQueen.
"There is no more the growth that was there before and there are way more competitors for the brand (Lululemon) compared to when they'd started 10 years ago," Jan Rogers Kniffen, chief executive of consulting firm J. Rogers Kniffen WWE, said.
A hash of celebrity brand launches, including Beyonce's Ivy Park line in April last year, has also competed for sales at the traditional retailers.
"Nordstrom (JWN.N) has got a private label on athleisure, (J.C.) Penney (JCP.N) has also got a private label on athleisure, Kohl's (KSS.N) has got a private label on athleisure. Everybody is doing it at every price point," Kniffen said.
A comeback in denim, led by 1970s-inspired wider leg denim pants and higher waist jeans from Forever 21 and H&M (HMb.ST), is also eating into demand for athleisure wear.
"We continue to believe trend shifts away from athleisure to denim will present stiffening headwinds to LULU," Canaccord Genuity analyst Camilo Lyon said.
The stock market is giving the industry little room for error. Nike's shares fell as much as 7.3 percent after the company reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue last month, while Under Armour's shares fell 28 percent in January after it forecast 2017 sales well below analysts' estimates.
"Over the past 12-24 months, other athletic wear bellwethers such as NKE and UA have seen meaningful multiple contraction once sales started slowing and margins stopped expanding," said Ike Boruchow, analyst with Wells Fargo, in a research note.
The market on Thursday showed little patience for Lululemon's disappointing results, too. The company's shares closed down 23.4 percent at $50.76.
(Additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan and Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by David Greising)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(UPDATED) But Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer blames US President Donald Trump for creating an atmosphere of 'coarseness, cynicism, [and] bullying' in America
Published 12:40 AM, August 14, 2017
BEDMINSTER, New Jersey, USA (UPDATED) – The White House on Sunday, August 13, struggled to defuse the growing criticism of US President Donald Trump's initial failure to explicitly condemn white supremacists for their role in the violent protest Saturday, August 12, in Virginia, insisting that his condemnation included all such groups.
A woman died and 19 people were injured in the city of Charlottesville when a car plowed into a crowd of people after a rally by Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists turned violent. Two state police officers died in a helicopter crash near the embattled area.
A full day after the violence erupted, and after an initial statement in which Trump made no mention of white extremism, a White House spokesperson issued a statement saying, "The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."
In an appearance Saturday at his golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump faulted "many sides" for the violence. He made no mention of the far-right militia groups involved in the Charlottesville melee, some of whom were wearing Trump hats or T-shirts.
Amid growing bipartisan criticism of his initial response, White House advisers appearing Sunday on talk shows strove to defend the president.
'Coarseness, cynicism, bullying'
White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert told Fox News Sunday that "I think you saw the president stand up very clearly and not only denounce it, but rise to a presidential level of calling for a countermessage of love and dignity and respect for fellow human beings."
But the Charlottesville mayor, Michael Signer, laid much of the blame for the violence directly at the president's feet, saying in an impassioned appearance on CBS that Trump had created an atmosphere of "coarseness, cynicism (and) bullying."
"He made a choice in his presidential campaign, the folks around him, to go to the gutter, to play on our worst prejudices," Signer, a Democrat, said. "I think you're seeing a direct line from what happened this weekend to those choices."
Many Republicans joined in the criticism of Trump, including former presidential aspirants Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz.
Another Republican, Senator Lindsey Graham, told Fox News Sunday that "I would urge the president to dissuade these groups that he's their friend."
"Their cause is hate."
Even the man who was briefly the White House communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, had critical words for Trump's original response.
"I wouldn't have recommended that statement," he said on ABC. "I think he needed to be much harsher as it related to the white supremacists."
He added, "It's actually terrorism."
Scaramucci was fired only 10 days into his job as communications director after an obscenity-laced interview with a New Yorker reporter.
Ivanka weighs in
Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump, issued a tweet early Sunday that included the sort of language some people said her father should have used on Saturday.
"There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-Nazis," she tweeted.
When Trump was asked on Saturday in Bedminster whether he wanted the support of white nationalists, he ignored the question.
Charlottesville remained tense on Sunday. Jason Kessler, a far-right blogger who had organized the "Unite the Right Rally," attempted to hold a news conference in front of city hall, but was confronted by a hostile crowd, spat on and tackled by a protester, US media said.
Kessler left the scene under police escort, Virginia State Police said.
Of the 19 people who were hurt Saturday in the car ramming, 10 remained hospitalized in good condition and nine had been released, the University of Virginia Health System said.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, who had declared a state of emergency even before the far-right rally officially got underway, attended a prayer event on Sunday and called on lawmakers to speak out forcefully against hate.
"I call upon every elected official from the White House to the statehouse to all the local offices. We got to call it out for what it is. It is hatred, it is bigotry and our leaders got to be very frank, unequivocal. We will not tolerate that in our country," he said.
Trump is expected to hold a news conference Monday, August 14, in Washington at which he will almost certainly be questioned on his response to the violence.
The New York billionaire faced harsh criticism during last year's presidential campaign for failing to quickly reject a vow of support from a former Klan leader, David Duke, though he eventually did so. Duke took part in Saturday's rally.
The president has long had a following among white supremacist groups attracted to his nationalist rhetoric on immigration and other hot-button issues.
Signer, the Charlottesville mayor, was among those making a plea on Sunday for the country to rise above its recent troubles.
"We're going to work on civility and listening, deliberation, First Amendment, religious toleration, pluralism."
As for the violence and hateful rhetoric, he said, "That has to stop. It has to stop now." – Rappler.com
The Knowledge Group has announced today that Paul E. Wojcicki will speak at webcast, "The Daubert Standards: Identifying Effective Strategies in Defending Daubert Motions." This event is scheduled for June 29, 2017 @ 12:00 pm – 2:00 pm (ET).
End
--https://theknowledgegroup.org/event-homepage/?event_id=2331a Shareholder with Segal McCambridge Singer & Mahoney, Ltd. (www.smsm.com), has been defending companies in complex state and federal litigation for more than 25 years. Based in Chicago, Paul focuses his national trial and appellate practice on product liability claims, class actions, and commercial disputes for clients in the automotive, medical device and electronics industries.Mr. Wojcicki also works with companies in connection with product warranty and service contract program improvement, litigation and regulation. He serves on the board of directors of the Global Warranty and Service Contract Association (www.gwsca.org)and chairs his firm's Appellate and Warranty & Service Sub-Committees. Mr. Wojcicki manages and writes for www.DrivingValue.com , a blog focused on client counseling and litigation in the areas of warranty and service contracts. In addition to being AV-rated, Paul has been recognized annually as an Illinois Super Lawyer (2005-2017) and Leading Lawyer (2012-2017).For more than three decades, Segal McCambridge Singer & Mahoney, Ltd. has built a reputation as a national law firm of accomplished trial attorneys. We routinely counsel and defend clients, including Fortune 500 companies, corporations and individuals, in complex litigation matters across the United States. Our attorneys are skilled at guiding our clients in matters such as commercial litigation, construction litigation, class action, labor and employment, life sciences, medical device and pharmaceutical, products liability, professional liability, technology and cyber risk, toxic tort and hazardous substances, transportation, warranty. Since our founding in 1986, we have grown to more than 150 attorneys and seven offices in Austin, Chicago, Detroit, Jersey City, New York City, Philadelphia and St. Louis. Learn more at www.smsm.com The deposition of an expert witness can be crucial for a case. A successfulmotion can help a party win a case or receive a more favorable settlement position. However, there are several considerations that any practicing trial attorney should know and understand before deciding to file amotion.In this two-hour LIVE Webcast, a panel of experienced litigators organized by The Knowledge Group will discuss theStandards as well as the effective strategies to successfully apply these against a potential expert witness.Key topics include:§ Overview ofStandards§ Bringing aMotion§ WhenChallenge is Needed§ Considering the Scope and Content§ Defending aMotion§ Importance of Prior Rulings Involving Expert Witness§ Minimizing the Chance of a Backfire§ Ipse Dixit TestimonyThe Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register to an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Speculators' net short U.S. dollar bets increased in the latest week to their highest since around mid-October, according to calculations by Reuters and Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday.
The value of the net short dollar position, derived from net holdings of International Monetary Market speculators in the yen, euro, British pound, Swiss franc and Canadian and Australian dollars, was $13.73 billion, in the week to Jan. 30.
The previous week's net short position on the dollar was $11.47 billion. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Susan Thomas)
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
Yachting legend with no remaining America's Cup ambitions is immersing himself at grassroots level, writes Michael Brown.
The Manly Sailing Club is like many others in New Zealand. It has a small wooden clubhouse perched on the water's edge with a bunker underneath full of coach boats and a ship's container out back to store a lot of the other equipment.
But the Manly Sailing Club is like no other. Listed as commodore is R. Coutts. That's Sir Russell Coutts, five-time America's Cup winner, two-time World Sailor of the Year, three-time world match racing champion and 1984 Olympic gold medallist.
He's gone from running the America's Cup to running one of the smallest yacht clubs in the Auckland region. And he's loving it.
Advertisement
It's one of the many projects he's involved with but it seems unlikely he will be involved any more in the one he's most famous for.
"I don't really have any ambitions to continue with the America's Cup at this point," he says. "I have had quite a few years involved with it -- loved it, fantastic event -- but there are other things to do in life.
"In some ways, you need fresh people to come in and they have obviously given it quite a different treatment this time and I say good for them. I certainly hope it's a huge success in terms of the impact it could have on junior sailing in this country."
And that's what Coutts seems to care about now. He talks in almost evangelical terms about his new job at the Manly Sailing Club and wants to quadruple the number of junior members in the next two years, even more if he can.
The club had virtually no junior programme just over a year ago; they now have about 90 children on their books and the growth doesn't seem like slowing any time soon.
One of the main by-products is pressure on storage and facilities at the club. They recently installed a 20-foot container but it's proving inadequate and they have approached council about extending their clubhouse.
Coutts can be persuasive. Harold Bennett, a former America's Cup principal race officer and Coutts' long-time friend, says Coutts asked him to "help out for a couple of days". Bennett is now vice-commodore and is often charged with putting Coutts' ideas into practice.
"He's said he's done with the America's Cup, so has time and needs something else to get his teeth into," Bennett said. "All of a sudden, he's like a big dog with a bone.
"There's a fair bit going on. With Russell as commodore, hopefully that will help various things move along.
"He's so passionate about the kids, juniors and learn to sail programme, and being involved in the sport. He has that drawing power and he can also go out and talk to people around things like sponsorship. Not only are new members being drawn to the club, and membership has gone through the roof, but we've also seen people who want to help."
It's also seen them awarded hosting rights for the 2019 O'pen Bic world championships and the club are in talks to host the Pacific Waszp championships and the RS Feva and Moth world championships.
"I would love to host the Hobie cat worlds, too," Coutts says. "Some of the fun classes."
It should come as no surprise he's championing non-traditional classes. Coutts was instrumental in introducing foiling catamarans into the America's Cup in a bid to sell the sport to a wider audience and it produced some spectacular sailing.
It wasn't to everyone's taste, and many have welcomed Emirates Team New Zealand's intention to return to a more traditional format. Last week they confirmed plans to race 75-foot foiling monohulls to go with their more stringent rules around a nationality clause.
"I will be watching with interest," Coutts says. "It should be a great event here.
"Because I'm not involved, I don't really have any comment [to make about the decision to race monohulls]. I haven't sailed monohulls like that before. People made all sorts of presumptions and judgements about the catamarans in the America's Cup but quite a few of those people have never sailed in a boat like that.
Russell Coutts helps Napier's Jacob Goodall prepare for the inaugural O pen Bic race on Lake Wanaka. Photo / Otago Daily Times Russell Coutts helps Napier's Jacob Goodall prepare for the inaugural O pen Bic race on Lake Wanaka. Photo / Otago Daily Times
"All these presumptions about, 'oh, they're not tactical or they can't do that', well, they were shown to be wrong. They can try to deny it now and say they're not as tactical as this boat over here but of course they were tactical. The fact Pete Burling was able to win that many starts, do you think that was just a fluke? Of course it was tactical.
"There is a lot of very traditional thinking in this sport and it's a non-traditional world now. When I look at the people making those comments, they are generally older people who are, dare I say it, stuck in their old ways.
"I think you need to be careful about viewing life like that. At some point, you need to look at it through a young person's eyes and try to imagine what they would have been like when they were 20, or even younger."
Coutts' 11-year-old son Mattias is already a world champion, having recently won the under-13 class at this year's O'pen Bic worlds in Italy.
He's also encouraging his other children to get more involved in the sport and it means he is often found on the water, or in and around yacht clubs.
Coutts doesn't sail much any more, other than dabbling with a Waszp (a high-speed foiling dinghy) but it's clearly still his passion.
He still polarises opinion in this country, largely because of his defection to Alinghi and then Oracle, but it's hard to criticise his commitment to junior sailing.
Not only is he helping Manly, but he's also invested time and resources into other clubs such as Ravensbourne Yacht Club in Dunedin, where he is a life member and learned to sail, and the Wanaka Yacht and Powerboat Club -- he has a holiday home in Central Otago.
He's also helped develop interest in the O'pen Bic at those two clubs, either donating time or boats (or both), and is patron of the Ravensbourne Youth Yachting Trust.
Clearly he has the resources to help, being listed at No 200 on this year's NBR Rich List with an estimated net worth of $55 million. He's gifted a number of boats to yacht clubs and plans to bring in many more to Manly. If someone sees something on the likes of YouTube and says they want to give it a go, Coutts will try to make it happen.
"I think the look of the boat is important, the coolness factor," he says. "Look at skiing, the skis are pretty different to what we skied on 15 years ago. The world is evolving and kids are seeing video content and want to evolve with it.
"Not everyone is built the same but our junior programmes tend to funnel kids down one route and it's little wonder that we get a lot dropping out at a certain age because they probably get tired of it.
"I'm a big believer in giving kids the option to find what they are passionate about. It could be kiteboarding, windsurfing or foiling Moths, Lasers, 420s -- any of those things. I just want to find what they love doing."
He plans to engage schools, firstly on the Whangaparaoa Peninsula before looking further afield, in the same way he did with the successful AC Endeavour Programme introduced in Bermuda that revitalised junior sailing on the tiny North Atlantic territory.
It means Coutts has become a notable fixture around Manly, somewhere he expects to base himself for the foreseeable future, but the 55-year-old has a broad world view these days.
"I'm a New Zealander, I was born here, New Zealand is my home," he says. "I love it here but I've lived in other countries and continue to enjoy them.
"I guess I have changed over the last 20 years of doing that. At one stage, I was very much a parochial New Zealander. Having lived overseas that long and made so many friends overseas, I can say I don't honestly view people of other countries as that different.
"I like New Zealand as a country but am I pro New Zealand at the expense of another country? Absolutely not. If I can do good in New Zealand, I will, but if I can do good in another country, and I support at least one programme offshore, I will do that, too."
For now, his principal concern is the Manly Sailing Club.
"Hopefully we can make the club a more interesting and valued part of the community. I think we will grow regardless of who follows. If others want to join, that's great. If they don't, that fine. I'm not saying my way is the right way, I'm just trying some things and seeing where it goes.
"When you are a small organisation at the beginning, you can take advantage of that and get a lot done. It's when you become bigger things become more complex. In a way, Manly was an ideal yacht club for me to get involved in because you can have a stronger influence over how it's built. The good thing is we can do what we think is right and, in a way, there's a magic to that."
Next week, Manly Sailing Club will host the Yachting New Zealand youth trials, which is a selection regatta for the NZL Sailing Foundation youth team to compete at December's youth sailing world championships. Coutts will be there to keep an eye on things and hand out prizes to the winners.
That's what commodores do.
FRANKFURT Finance ministers of the German states of Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein said on Sunday they were pleased with the first bidding round in the privatisation of shipping finance provider HSH Nordbank [HSH.UL], of which they jointly own 85 percent.
The bank, which was hit by risky assets turning sour in 2008 and a slump in global trade in ensuing years, has to be privatised under European state-aid rules by the end of February 2018.
On Thursday, HSH's chief executive Stefan Ermisch said that more than 10 expressions of interest had been received. The bidding period ended on Friday.
"After a first sighting we can say - as we already said on expressions of interest - that we are very happy with the response," Hamburg finance senator Peter Tschentscher and Schleswig-Holstein finance minister Monika Heinold said in a joint statement on Sunday.
"The states will now study the offers at hand very carefully and assess them according to the criteria laid down in the sale announcement and further instructions on the process."
Spokesmen for the state of Hamburg and for HSH declined to give further details beyond the statement.
(Reporting by Vera Eckert and Olaf Brenner, editing by Susan Fenton)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- Revive I-5 construction work returns this weekend, and it's going to be the biggest impact on traffic yet.
WSDOT and contractor crews are shutting down northbound Interstate 5 from the West Seattle Bridge to Olive Way in downtown Seattle starting Friday, June 1 at 8:00 p.m. Work will be completed by 5:00 a.m. Monday, June 4.
Lane closures will begin in the Southcenter area to allow crews to replace the right half of the expansion joint at the Duwamish River Bridge.
“We understand a full northbound I-5 closure is difficult for people who travel, but it would take us several weekends of lane reductions to accomplish what we can do in one weekend with a full directional closure,” said WSDOT Assistant Regional Administrator Amir Rasaie. “We need people to choose alternate routes and delay trips to keep regional traffic moving.”
Transportation officials warn that this will affect anyone driving in the area -- even if you're not planning to be on I-5.
"All of our detours are going to be really crowded this weekend as well, drivers need to really think about if they need to make a trip," said spokesperson Tom Pearce.
Those detours include I-405, SR 99, SR 518 and SR 509.
Mariners fans should plan for delays. Fans attending the games can still take Link Light Rail to Safeco Field for free this weekend -- just show your M's ticket starting 3 hours before the game through the end of the day.
Here are the closure details from WSDOT:
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Celebrating motherhood and family, Mom's March has launched a national movement designed to take back America's culture.
Mom's March for America held its inaugural event on September 23 at the Ralston Arena, outside of Omaha, Nebraska. But, Kimberly Fletcher – who heads up the movement – says that was just the beginning.
advertisement
During an interview with Breitbart News, Fletcher – the founder of HomeMakers for America, the group that organized Mom's March – said the mothers are organizing events for each month and will show their presence.
“We wanted to set a very clear standard, a clear message of what it was about,” Fletcher says. “We're all a bunch of volunteer moms, sharing our own talents. We don't have a George Soros pocketbook.”
The author and radio host explains the motivation behind Mom's March:
We are very concerned about the direction our culture is taking. And this idea that the media is giving full coverage to these women in the pink hats who are saying, “We're speaking for the women in America,” and “What we want is the agenda that women want.” Michelle Obama comes out and says, “Because you didn't vote for Hillary Clinton, you didn't listen to your own voice.” If we didn't vote for Hillary Clinton it's because she didn't stand for the principles and values that we care about – protecting our children. What she promotes in the U.N. is exactly the opposite of that. We want our rights to be protected by the Constitution, and we want those to be recognized as given from God – not from government. We as mothers are going to live a life of freedom by supporting those constitutional values and teaching those things, teaching a love of liberty in our own homes, with our children, because they're not going to get it anywhere else.
Asked if Mom's March is designed to be the polar opposite of the feminist/pro-abortion/anti-Trump Women's Marches that have sprouted up since President Donald Trump's inauguration, Fletcher replies, “Yes, absolutely.”
“In fact, the women in the pink hats have just announced they are going to have a big convention in Michigan in October next year,” she explains. “We will be holding our Mom's March again in Omaha next year, but then we'll be moving it out to other cities.”
Fletcher says that, in addition, Mom's March will hold and promote special events each month “wrapped around something that is already happening or that we'll organize with another group, leading up to the culminating annual event.”
To counter the “women in the pink hats,” Fletcher says the Moms will be wearing lavender and showing their presence.
Get Your Lavender On & send a powerful message to the media, Hollywood, government and our nation. #MomsMarchhttps://t.co/8aRNi2SIUW — Mom's March (@momsmarchusa) October 2, 2017
“We want to empower moms to realize their influence in our society, in our country, simply by being who they are,” she says. “We want to give them the tools and resources that they need to be able to fight the battles on their own home front, and promote those values and principles of liberty in their homes.”
On October 9, Mom's March will have its first monthly event when it joins revivalist Lou Engle on the national mall for “Rise Up the Call.”
Fletcher says the organization will also be supporting two films that will be released this month: Same Kind of Different As Me and Let There Be Light:
We want to encourage families to go out on opening weekend of both of these films. Not only will families have an incredible family-friendly, faith-promoting experience, but they'll also be sending a very powerful message to Hollywood and the nation, and having a major impact on our culture, simply by opening up your purse and the power of your voice.
In November, Mom's March will be attending the opening of the Museum of the Bible in Washington, DC – located just three blocks south of the Capitol. The museum's founder is Steve Green, President of Hobby Lobby, which received a favorable ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2014 after the Greens mounted a legal challenge to the Obamacare contraceptive mandate.
As Fox News reports, the first exhibit to arrive at the museum is a 3,200-pound full-scale replica of the original Liberty Bell, donated by Dr. Peter Lillback, founder of the Providence Forum.
Fletcher says the replica Liberty Belll will ring upon the opening of the museum and church bells throughout the country will synchronize to ring at the same time. Mom's March is encouraging families to ring their own bells and engage in reading stories of American history and heritage.
“We'll be compiling stories that they can share with their children so they can understand what this “Let Freedom Ring” means,” she explains.
At all these and future events, Fletcher encourages “Moms” to wear their lavender to show their presence in standing for liberty and constitutional values.
Though Mom's March has evangelical roots, Fletcher hopes “Moms” of all faiths will be part of the effort to take back America's culture.
“The nation's Judeo-Christian principles are universal, no matter what religion you are – even if you're an atheist, you have a basic moral code,” she says. “Most people in America are kind and want to help other people.”
Fletcher says a quote by Thomas Jefferson best represents what the Mom's March movement is about. Jefferson reportedly gave these words of inspiration to a child who had been named after him:
“Adore God, reverence and cherish your parents, love your neighbor as yourself, and your country more than yourself,” Fletcher quotes.
“That's what this movement is about,” she says. “The Golden Rule, love your country.”
Former Gov. Sarah Palin – who made famous the term “Mama Grizzlies” – addressed Mom's March at its inaugural event.
Palin said in all her travels around the country, meeting “important people with maybe really big fancy titles and fancy offices … none impress or impact more than you who are America's moms.”
The former Alaska governor continued that moms are “the center of family, which is the center of community, and that's the center of our blessed nation.” She urged the moms present not to “feel alone in this drive that you have, this desire for patriotism to shine again, and to do all that we can to allow America to be that exceptional nation again.”
Palin encouraged mothers who might feel despondent fighting a “brutal culture war and in political battles.”
“Until you realize especially at something like this, you realize that our unity is the fuel to charge ahead and make the difference that this world needs,” she added.
Mom's March for America. Seriously…it's the beginning of a powerful movement. #momsmarchusa pic.twitter.com/e2UAIWcnOo — Karen Vaughn (@KarenVaughn_GSM) September 23, 2017
Actor and radio host Sam Sorbo – who stars in the new film, Let There Be Light with her husband Kevin Sorbo – told the mothers of Mom's March that in our “instant gratification” culture, “sometimes the hardest choice for a woman is to choose to be a mother.”
Sorbo said she made that choice many times, including: when her then-fiancé Kevin suffered several strokes and she chose to put her career aside to devote herself to him; and then again when she decided to homeschool the couple's children.
“The culture tells us that the powerful option is to choose independence and career,” Sorbo said. “It tries to dictate to women what our priorities should be and I'm here to tell you – it's wrong.”
Sorbo added the choice to be a mom is “very powerful,” and, for her, it was “the most important thing I've ever done, likely the most important thing I will ever do.”
She explained that while popular culture teaches contempt for women who sacrifice their careers or other needs they may have for their husbands or children, she has found that “If you're not sacrificing for your children, you're missing out on the greatest gift.”
“And, as moms, we recognize that, and although the culture tells us that we're wrong, we know we're right,” Sorbo said.
Other speakers at the Moms March launching event included Dr. Candy Carson, wife of Dr. Ben Carson, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; Karen Vaughn, a Gold Star mom; Donna Rice-Hughes, President of Enough Is Enough; Karen Bowling, Executive Director of Nebraska Family Alliance; Elizabeth Johnston, the Activist Mommy; Dr. Rosemary Stein, author of Who Needs a Village: It's a Mom Thing; and Missy Robertson, of the television Duck Dynasty Robertson family.
‘I was prepared for yesterday. I had gone through the motions of having my son die like this'
Mounties investigate Jan. 31 at Broadway and Cedar avenues in Chilliwack after Cody Isaacson was killed inside. (Paul Henderson/ The Progress)
Cody Isaacson's father David wasn't surprised to learn his son died in a hail of bullets in his Chilliwack home early morning on Jan. 31.
Heartbroken at the loss, certainly. Angry at the devastating effects of illicit street drugs, indeed.
But most of all, David is frustrated at a perceived lack of investigative work done by the RCMP to solve crimes involving those in the drug underworld.
“I anticipated this happening,” David Isaacson told The Progress in an interview a day after his son was killed when at least a dozen bullets were fired at the known drug house Cody worked out of at the corner of Broadway and Cedar avenues.
• READ MORE: IHIT investigating fatal shooting in Chilliwack
“I was prepared for yesterday. I had gone through the motions of having my son die like this.”
Chilliwack's first homicide of the year happened just after 6 a.m. at the house at 9291 Broadway Ave. Neighbours reported hearing between six and eight shots fired at the time, although as many as a dozen bullet holes were visible in the front door and wall of the bright yellow house. Each hole marked with a letter, “A” through to “L” labelled by RCMP forensics investigators.
At a press conference at the scene Wednesday afternoon, IHIT spokesperson Cpl. Frank Jang confirmed 28-year-old Cody Isaacson was the victim of the brazen killing, a person known to Chilliwack RCMP.
But as yet police have not yet confirmed that Cody was also the victim of a home invasion at a house on Second Avenue on Oct. 25, 2017. The Progress has learned he was indeed in that house along with his girlfriend when a number of individuals wearing masks stormed in with guns and hammers.
Reports are that three shots were fired, none striking anyone, although David Isaacson insists Cody suffered injuries to his face from hammer blows before he took a machete away from an attacker and fought back.
• READ MORE: Chilliwack RCMP investigating possible home invasion
Asked to connect the October home invasion with the Jan. 31 homicide, Cpl. Jang said IHIT investigators will be working with the local RCMP Serious Crimes Unit to make connections between other incidents.
A frustrated father, David insists police were aware of who was involved in the home invasion but did little to investigate it, something he thinks might have prevented Cody's death on Jan. 31.
“I knew something bad was going to happen to Cody,” he said. “Let's face it, when you are in that lifestyle you make a lot of enemies. But the police did no investigation from the earlier home invasion. They know who did it.”
Still, he says IHIT told him on Jan. 31 “they want to solve this,” and a friend told him Cody's photo was posted on SkyTrain in Metro Vancouver with the RCMP looking for tips.
And while David speaks highly of his recently murdered son, he understands the “business” and insists that in the context of the underground drug world, Cody was one of the good guys.
”He took good care of his crew,” David said. “Nobody has anything bad to say about him. He was always the person to give something. I am kind compassionate to others, and Cody was the same way.”
Cody does not have any local criminal contacts according to Court Services Online, not surprising to his father who said he unfortunately only got into dealing last summer.
He does, however, have a history in the north. Upon his murder, the Prince George Citizen went with the headline: “Former Prince George drug dealer shot to death in Chilliwack,” pointing to his 2014 conviction for weapons and drug possession leading to a 442-day sentence in jail.
The Citizen reports he was arrested twice within three weeks at the same Jasper Street home.
“On both occasions, police found enough crack cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine to suggest it was used to supply drugs to lower-level drug houses around the city,” according to Citizen reporter Mark Nielsen.
Still, even here, father David comes to his son's defence saying that Cody wasn't at home when the drugs and weapons were found, his girlfriend was, so he could have walked away.
“He manned up because she was home, not because he had to, but he did,” David said. “Cody was a man when it came to doing the right thing, and that has made him some enemies.”
David hoped, though, that Cody would leave the world, something that nearly destroyed his own life. A recovering meth addict himself, David says he turned Cody on to his relatively new faith in Jesus and he thought Cody was doing well.
But meth is a stubborn foe.
“The crystal meth is a really, really bad drug. It destroys everything that gets in its path. It happened to us.”
In a wide-ranging interview on Feb. 1, David seemed remarkably calm about what happened, something he attributed to his faith, but he also was a little conflicted on what to do next, admitting he may have still been in shock.
Told by someone via text the night of the killing that the Red Scorpions gang were in town and he needed to flee, his defiant response: “I'm not going anywhere.”
Upon further reflection of his goals pursuing his woodworking, his religion and moving on with his life, now with the death of his son, David switched gears.
“Cody was a good kid,” he said, getting emotional for the first time, suggesting that maybe it was soon time for him to leave the Fraser Valley.
“There's nothing for me here anymore.”
Cody Isaacson leaves behind three children.
@PeeJayAitch
paul.henderson@theprogress.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
× France gives workers the right to avoid work email after hours
LONDON (CNNMoney) — French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours.
A new labor law that took effect on Sunday gives employees the “right to disconnect” from email, smartphones and other electronic leashes once their working day has ended.
“These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and … balance between work and family and personal life,” the Ministry of Labor said in a statement.
The rule requires companies with 50 or more employees to negotiate new out-of-office email guidelines with staff. Firms have a duty to regulate the use of emails to ensure employees get a break from the office.
If management and staff cannot agree on new rules, the firm must publish a charter to define and regulate when employees should be able to switch off.
French unions have long pushed for a “disconnect” rule, saying digital technologies have created an “explosion of undeclared labor” that is forcing employees to work outside the typical work week.
Marie Pierre Fluery, who works as a human resources director, said the law is necessary to help people avoid being overwhelmed by work demands.
“I think it is essential in order to preserve the health of employees,” she said.
Some French companies have already put rules in place to bar employees from using their work devices after hours. Some firms even completely shut down their email systems overnight.
The government has quoted a recent study by consulting firm Eléas that shows just over one-third of professionals use their work computers and phones outside office hours.
The email rule is the latest in a series of measures designed to overhaul France's labor laws.
The government last year introduced new rules that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay. The changes resulted in crippling strikes.
The country's 35-hour work week has been in place since 2000, but various reforms have softened these rules over time and some industries are granted special exceptions.
France's economy has been stagnating for years and many multinational firms take a dim view of French business regulations.
The International Monetary Fund expects France's economy will grow by 1.3% this year, on a par with 2016.
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
INJURY UPDATE…
Running back Paul Perkins (ribs) and center Weston Richburg (concussion) have been ruled out of Sunday's game against the Los Angeles Chargers.
Offensive guard John Jerry (hamstring), defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul (shoulder/knee), defensive end Olivier Vernon (ankle), and defensive end Avery Moss (shoulder) are officially “questionable” for the game.
“Just the back of (Jerry's) hamstring tightened up on him a little bit yesterday at practice,” said Head Coach Ben McAdoo.
“We will take a look at (Pierre-Paul) in practice tomorrow and see how it goes,” said McAdoo.
Running back Orleans Darkwa (back), wide receiver Odell Beckham (finger/ankle), wide receiver Brandon Marshall (toe), and cornerback Janoris Jenkins (ankle) are unofficially “probable” for the game.
THE COACHES SPEAK…
Transcripts and video clips of the media sessions with the following coaches are available in The Corner Forum and at Giants.com:
THE PLAYERS SPEAK…
Transcripts and video clips of the media sessions with the following players are available in The Corner Forum and at Giants.com:
LB B.J. Goodson (Video)
ARTICLES…
WHAT'S UP NEXT…
There is no media availability to the New York Giants on Saturday. The Giants play the Los Angeles Chargers at MetLife Stadium on Sunday.
As the largest backer of the campaign for the UK to leave the European Union, Arron Banks rejoiced in being called one of the “Bad Boys of Brexit.” Now the UK's National Crime Agency is investigating his financial support for the campaign and his contacts with Russian officials, according to three sources familiar with the probe.
The agency recently received an extensive archive of Banks' emails and other documents, the sources say, which include descriptions of meetings with Russian diplomats and possible business opportunities in Russia.
At least some of those emails have already been leaked to media organizations in the UK and the US. Banks, who provided loans and donations totalling about $12 million to Leave.EU, the Brexit campaign group he co-founded, has complained to the police that they were stolen.
A spokesperson for the National Crime Agency told CNN it never confirms or denies the existence of investigations. The UK's Serious Fraud Office also declined to comment on whether it had opened an investigation. The Sunday Times of London first revealed the National Crime Agency's involvement last weekend.
In a text to CNN on Monday, Banks's spokesman Andy Wigmore said the NCA had not contacted either of them. “And they are unlikely to, firstly because both UK and US authorities were fully briefed and know the truth — there is no evidence of any wrongdoing or collusion because it didn't happen so even they know there is nothing to investigate,” Wigmore said.
Banks' emails were passed to the National Crime Agency by a third party. Sources have told CNN the documents have also been shared with the UK's domestic intelligence service MI5 and, in the US, with Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee. The committee has been investigating allegations of collusion between people associated with the Trump campaign and Russia, as well as Russian interference in the 2016 US presidential election campaign.
Some of the emails, which CNN obtained, discuss meetings between Banks, Wigmore and diplomats at the Russian embassy in London, including with the ambassador Alexander Yakovenko in 2015 and 2016.
Banks' financial support for Leave.EU made him the biggest individual donor in British political history. The group won the endorsement of the leader of the UK Independence Party, Nigel Farage, one of the leading pro-Brexit campaigners. According to the latest accounts of Leave.EU, Banks' loan has not been paid back.
The cache of emails reveals that, before the EU referendum in June 2016, Banks was offered the chance to invest in several Russian businesses, including the consolidation of Russian gold mines and a sale of shares in the country's largest diamond mine company, Alrosa.
In one email sent to the Russian mining magnate Siman Povarenkin in November 2015, Banks said he was “very bullish on gold so keen to have a look.” He copied a wealthy business partner and fellow Brexit supporter, Jim Mellon, on the correspondence.
Russian ‘Gold Play'
Two months later, Banks wrote to an adviser with experience of Russian business deals, Nick van den Brul. Banks asked whether there was “any chance Andrew Umbers [another adviser] and myself can see you about the Russian Gold Play. I intend to pop in and see the [Russian] ambassador as well.”
The following month Van den Brul wrote to Wigmore, saying: “You may have seen that Alrosa, the Russian diamond monopoly, may have been touted as one of the companies which could be privatised. In my view there won't be full privatisation but it could open up some opportunities for Arron through ‘partial' privatisation.”
Efforts by CNN to reach Van den Brul were unsuccessful.
In April 2016, the correspondence shows Banks was offered an introduction by a business acquaintance to an “adventurous” Russian gold miner seeking capital for a prospecting business in the west African state of Guinea.
Banks has said repeatedly that he never invested in any of the schemes on offer. Wigmore told CNN they had received advice not to invest in any of the proposals. “No deal and no business with any Russian,” he told CNN.
But a fund linked to Jim Mellon did buy into the Alrosa offering. Based in the Isle of Man, a tax haven in the Irish Sea between the UK and Ireland, Mellon has long experience of investing in Russia. He held a minority stake in Charlemagne Capital, which successfully bid for shares in Alrosa when the Russian government sold part of the company in July 2016 for some $800 million.
A report in September 2016 by a fund run by Charlemagne noted that “placements of this type often provide a profitable entry point, and diamond producer Alrosa has performed well.”
Alrosa's stock price rose sharply in the three months after Charlemagne had purchased millions of shares in the company. Other investment banks and hedge funds had also bought into Alrosa.
A representative for Mellon refused to comment on the record, but CNN has been told that at the time Mellon was not involved with Charlemagne's investment committee and had no knowledge of the acquisition.
Meetings with US officials
In August 2016, fresh from his victory in the EU referendum two months earlier, Farage appeared with Donald Trump at a campaign rally in Jackson, Mississippi, at the invitation of Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant.
Later that year, the Atlantic Council think tank published a report on Russia's influence in Europe, entitled “The Kremlin's Trojan Horses.” Widely cited in the media, the introduction to the report claimed that Farage was “unabashedly pro-Russian.”
In response, Wigmore made contact with the US embassy in London to set up a meeting between Farage and a senior US official. The goal was to demonstrate that allegations of collusion with Russia were untrue and “to make sure we did not embarrass Gov Phil Bryant and President-elect Trump,” Wigmore told CNN.
Wigmore says he was transparent about contacts with Russian officials and had handed over “all correspondence and contacts we had” to US officials. “I met with them on over six occasions,” he told CNN.
‘Let them investigate'
Leave.EU is already subject to an investigation by Britain's Electoral Commission and has been fined £70,000 (approx $92,000 at current rates) for spending beyond the UK's strict campaign spending limits ahead of the 2016 EU referendum — a decision it is appealing.
The commission has also opened an investigation into whether Banks and another group he backed — Better for the Country — “breached campaign finance rules in relation to donations at the 2016 EU referendum.” Better for the Country made donations of £2.36 million to pro-Brexit groups (equivalent to around $3.3 million at the time).
Some opposition lawmakers in the UK want a broader investigation. Stephen Kinnock, a Labour MP who campaigned for the UK to remain in the EU, told CNN: “We need a full-spectrum probe, probably involving MI5 and MI6 given the international dimensions of this.” MI6 is Britain's foreign intelligence service.
Kinnock wrote to London's Metropolitan Police, urging it to open an investigation into the source of Banks' campaign funds and potential Russian interference in the referendum. The Metropolitan Police responded, saying it had “not received any referral from the Electoral Commission regarding Leave.EU and impermissible foreign donations.”
Banks remains defiant. Asked about the possibility of an investigation by the National Crime Agency, he told UK media: “Let them investigate. All of this just makes me look like an international man of mystery.”
× $1.5 million announced for ‘No Child Left Inside' program
OLYMPIA – Gov. Jay Inslee announced today the award of nearly $1.5 million in grants to programs in 18 counties statewide aimed at getting kids outdoors.
The No Child Left Inside grants will be awarded by the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission. The grants target at-risk youth by focusing on programs that provide outdoor education and recreation programs. In addition, nearly one-third of the 39 projects to receive funding employ veterans, a special emphasis of the program. The Legislature approved an additional $500,000 for program this biennium.
The grants will provide programs for nearly 23,000 kids. This year's grant recipients are offering a variety of educational and recreational activities, from exploring Mount Saint Helens to planting trees for a salmon restoration project, to sailing on a 133-foot ship, to white water river rafting.
“Some of my best childhood memories are of being outside,” Inslee said. “Many of our kids don't get that opportunity today. That's why these local programs are so important. When children spend time outside, so many good things happen. Kids can improve their health and their grades. And that's a win for all of us.”
Grants were awarded in the following counties:
Chelan County…………. $61,569
Clallam County…………. $53,198
Clark County……………. $40,683
Cowlitz County…………. $27,288
Franklin County………… $10,439
King County…………….. $341,806
Kitsap County………….. $75,000
Kittitas County…………. $59,505
Klickitat County………… $72,819
Lewis County…………… $25,525
Mason County…………. $86,090
Okanogan County…….. $22,650
Pierce County………….. $225,181
Snohomish County……. $21,300
Spokane County………. $81,554
Thurston County………. $53,143
Whatcom County……… $157,070
Yakima County…………. $75,000
“The expansion of the program this year reflects a growing commitment to creating healthy outdoor recreation and education opportunities for our young people,” said Don Hoch, director of the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission. “We recognize and appreciate the support of the Governor, Legislature, Recreation and Conservation Office and the many nonprofit organizations who work hard to connect youth with the outdoors.”
Funding for the No Child Left Inside grant program was one of a dozen recommendations of the 2014 Governor's Blue Ribbon Task Force on Parks and Outdoor Recreation. The task force was charged with finding ways to increase participation in outdoor recreation, which has significant social and economic benefits.
The Legislature provided funding for the grant program first in 2008, but the program ended during the recession when funding was no longer available. In 2015, state Sen. Kevin Ranker (D-Orcas Island) spearheaded an effort to reinvigorate the program. Grants were awarded in 2016 and again this year. Funding comes from the state General Fund. The grants are administered by the state Recreation and Conservation Office.
“We know it's hard to compete with cell phones and other electronic devices,” said Ranker, who served on the Governor's Blue Ribbon Task Force for Parks and Outdoor Recreation and created and secured funding for the No Child Left Inside grant program. “That's why these grants are so important. They get our children outside so they can play, exercise and learn more about the natural world outside their backdoors. The result, they will be healthier and better connected to their communities and become the next generation of environmental stewards.”
Grant recipients will be matching the state funding and are contributing nearly $3 million in donations, equipment, labor, additional grants, and other resources.
“These grant programs provide a variety of great opportunities for our youth,” said Kaleen Cottingham, director of the Recreation and Conservation Office. “I just wish we could fund them all. We had 123 applications requesting more than $4.5 million, but we only have funding to award grants to one-third of them. That means there still are a lot more needs out there.”
VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- The Vatican earned praise from Council of Europe experts for its updated legislation against money laundering and for its vigilance in flagging suspected cases, but the committee said the effectiveness of the Vatican efforts could not be proven until Vatican courts actually prosecuted someone for a crime.
Moneyval -- the Council of Europe's Committee of Experts on the Evaluation of Anti-Money Laundering Measures and the Financing of Terrorism -- released a progress report on the Vatican's efforts Dec. 8.
The experts said the Vatican Financial Information Authority "seemed to be working efficiently," but although the Vatican court had frozen the assets of several accounts at the Vatican bank, "the Holy See had still not brought a money-laundering case to court. While considerable amounts of money continued to be frozen, no criminal case had yet produced a confiscation order," a Moneyval press statement said.
Moneyval said the Financial Information Authority's 2016 report indicated that the main offenses suspected in Vatican bank accounts it flagged for investigation involved suspected "fraud, serious tax evasion, misappropriation and corruption."
In a statement Dec. 8, the Vatican said it is "committed to taking the necessary actions in the relevant areas to further strengthen its efforts to combat and prevent financial crimes."
The Vatican also highlighted the report's appreciation of "the creation of a specialized Economic Financial Crimes Investigation Unit within the Corps of the Gendarmerie and the appointment of a specialized assistant promoter of justice."
The Moneyval report said the Vatican had hired two full-time officers for the new unit, both of whom are on leave from "the Italian police forces and both fully trained in modern financial investigation techniques," but Moneyval also recommended all of the Vatican gendarmes receive training in fighting financial crimes and suggested that the Vatican City court "needs further professional reinforcement in this regard."
"While this review cannot form a view on the quality of the evidence adduced in financial crime cases that have so far come before the (Vatican City) tribunal," Moneyval said, "the success rate of the promoter (of justice) before the tribunal so far is not encouraging."
May 3 Dundee Precious Metals Inc
* Dundee Precious Metals announces 2017 first quarter results
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $0.04
* Q1 loss per share $0.07 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.02 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Dundee Precious Metals Inc says copper concentrate produced during Q1 of 2017 of 23,510 tonnes was 20% lower than corresponding period in 2016
* Dundee Precious Metals -Gold contained in copper and pyrite concentrate produced in Q1 of 2017 of 46,371 ounces was comparable to corresponding period in 2016
* Dundee Precious Metals Inc says deliveries of copper concentrate during Q1 of 2017 of 25,516 tonnes were comparable to corresponding period in 2016
* Dundee Precious Metals Inc - Qtrly revenue $74.6 million versus $70.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
The President renews the ad interim appointment of secretaries Lopez for the environment, Taguiwalo for social welfare, Mariano for agrarian reform, and Ubial for health
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte once again renewed the appointments of 4 Cabinet secretaries after they were bypassed by Congress.
Duterte issued ad interim appointments of the following officials, according to the Office of Executive Secretary in a message sent on Monday, April 17:
Environment Secretary Gina Lopez
Agrarian Reform Secretary Rafael Mariano
Social Welfare Secretary Judy Taguiwalo
Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial
Lopez faces the fiercest opposition to her appointment after large mining firms came together to protest her closure of some mines.
No less than a fellow Cabinet member, Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez III, has expressed criticism for her policies and decision-making process.
Despite Congress not greenlighting their appointments, Duterte has repeatedly expressed confidence and trust in all 4 of them, particularly in Lopez and Taguiwalo.
Malacañang in mid-March already announced that the President was expected to reappoint the 4 officials. – Rappler.com
KIEV, March 29 Software glitches mean thousands of Ukrainian officials will not meet an April deadline to declare their 2016 assets online, officials said, in a further blow to a flagship anti-corruption scheme championed by Kiev's Western supporters.
Kiev rolled out an initiative last year obliging MPs and officials to publish their wealth in a public database. The scheme, however, has been mired in controversy and activists say vested interests have repeatedly tried to sabotage it.
Its fraught launch in October, after months of delay, underscored the patchiness of Ukrainian efforts to deliver on reforms promised to allies and the International Monetary Fund as part of a $40 billion bailout for its economy, torn by conflict with pro-Russian separatists in the nation's east.
At a televised cabinet meeting, Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman blamed the anti-corruption agency NAZK for the hold-up and called on NAZK's members to resign en masse.
At the same meeting, NAZK's chief said it wasn't responsible for how the software functioned and blamed another state agency.
In a separate development, the NAZK deputy head announced on Facebook that the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) had suspended its cooperation with NAZK.
The U.S. Embassy in Kiev did not comment while NAZK's chief denied that all cooperation had ended.
"You are not able to organise the work of your site and you put all people at risk of spending two years in prison," Groysman told NAZK chief Natalia Korchak, referring to the penalty for not filing declarations. "And there are hundreds of thousands of such people in our country."
NAZK spokeswoman Oksana Voronkova, asked when the database would work again, said: "We were promised that the registry will work from 4 p.m. (1300 GMT). The indication on the website shows that the system is working but I cannot log in."
Corruption is endemic in the ex-Soviet republic. Critic says oligarchs control vast wealth, investors are routinely sponged for money and public officials, from lawmakers to judges to prosecutors, take large bribes. The Economy Ministry reckons around 35 percent of Ukrainian GDP runs in a shadow economy.
Nevertheless, the wealth declarations of leading politicians and officials stunned Ukrainians last year, as officials on modest salaries declared millions of dollars in cash, expensive watches or luxury cars.
But anti-corruption activists say a recent legislative amendment forcing NGOs to declare their assets too would open them up to intimidation from law enforcement agencies with a vested interest in shutting down corruption investigations.
Activists say corrupt judges, prosecutors and police, in cahoots with lawmakers and businesses, are trying to hobble Ukrainian reforms to preserve a profitable status quo.
British Ambassador Judith Gough said forcing NGOs to declare their wealth was a "serious step back" and tweeted that it "could limit NGOs capacity, expose them to pressure and affect reform. Needs urgent review."
NAZK deputy chief Ruslan Riaboshapka said USAID had put its future cooperation with the agency "on hold" because of the change in the e-declaration law.
Previously, USAID ended funding for a flagship customs reform project in the southern Odessa region as plans to tackle bribe-taking there petered out. (Writing by Matthias Williams; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Trump-Xi begin two-day summit on Thursday
* Trade, North Korea top the agenda
* Oil price rebounds, boosts inflation outlook
* Fed minutes, U.S. ADP jobs data awaited
* South African rand resumes weakness
By Vikram Subhedar
LONDON, April 5 Caution prevailed across major markets on Wednesday before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping this week, although metals and oil prices firmed on hope of better global demand.
The release of minutes from the last U.S. Federal Reserve meeting, in which it decided to raise interest rates, will be keenly watched by market participants for any signs of a formal discussion on reducing the size of the bank's balance sheet.
Overnight, Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker abruptly left the U.S. central bank after admitting that a conversation he had with a Wall Street analyst in 2012 may have disclosed confidential information about Fed policy options.
The dollar lost its grip on earlier gains as concerns over a North Korean missile test worsened sentiment ahead of the summit between the U.S. and Chinese leaders.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a trade-weighted basket of six peers, was slightly weaker on the day, as slumping U.S. Treasury yields also gave investors little incentive to buy dollars.
Topping the agenda at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida will be whether he makes good on his threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea, which is working to develop missiles capable of hitting the United States.
Stock futures on Wall Street were little changed.
"The meetings are expected to be informal, unscripted discussions of how the two countries will address, but not immediately resolve, their differences," said strategists at Morgan Stanley in a note to clients.
"Any commentary on how the U.S. specifically wants to try to reduce the trade deficit with China will be watched by FX investors," the strategists wrote.
European stocks were little changed on the day as the cautious start to the second quarter continued. Oil and mining-related stocks were outperformers, lured higher by firmer commodities prices.
Easing concerns over France's upcoming presidential election put the brakes on a fall in euro zone government bond yields. For a FACTBOX on top broker views on the election see:
Oil climbed to a near one-month high on signs of a gradual tightening in global oil inventories and on concern about a supply outage at a field in the United Kingdom's North Sea that feeds into an international benchmark price.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil, were up 1 percent at $54.73 per barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were also up 1 percent.
London copper rallied as Chinese traders returned from a two-day break to buy up metals following brighter global manufacturing reports. Zinc and nickel tracked a rally in steel.
Safe-haven gold, which has benefited from move away from risky assets this week, faltered at a key technical resistance level. Spot gold gave up earlier gains to trade down 0.2 percent after failing to cross above its 200-day moving average.
In emerging markets, the South African rand came under renewed pressure, revisiting the sell-off triggered by political turmoil and a ratings downgrade.
Inan Demir, senior emerging market economist at Nomura, said there was room for further weakness in South African assets, with Zuma's position not as weak as had been perceived.
"He is still in a strong position to stay in place and implement his policies ... and these policies are likely to lead to further credit downgrades and further weakness in the rand," he said.
Shares of top South Africa-exposed asset management firms listed in the U.K., Investec PLC and Old Mutual , have lost more than 10 percent over the past week, on worries over the impact of politics on investor flows. (Reporting by Vikram Subhedar; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Britain Soccer Football - Middlesbrough v Sunderland - Premier League - The Riverside Stadium - 26/4/17 Middlesbrough's Marten de Roon scores their first goal Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith
Middlesbrough players let down their former manager Aitor Karanka but must now focus on delivering results under interim boss Steve Agnew to secure their Premier League status, midfielder Marten de Roon has said.
Relegation candidates Middlesbrough sacked Karanka in March after a dismal run which included four victories in 27 league games, scoring just 19 goals in the process.
"I would never blame a manager...It is always the players," De Roon told reporters. "You cannot sack 25 players but you can sack the manager and hope for something great.
"I think as a team we let the first gaffer down and then we didn't get a win so soon after so I think it is our responsibility and not the coach."
Under Karanka's then deputy Agnew, 19th-placed Middlesbrough ended their 16-match winless run against Sunderland last week before holding on to a 2-2 draw at Manchester City on Sunday.
De Roon believes the recent results have given his side a confidence boost as they remain six points adrift of safety with three games to play.
"Since Steve Agnew took charge he tried to make it more of a team...that is what he believes," he added.
"Winning a game is always a boost so I'm not surprised that after Sunderland we gave a better performance on Sunday."
"It's frustrating and disappointing that this comes so late. All we can do is say we will fight to the end."
Middlesbrough faces a daunting trip to league leaders Chelsea on Monday before hosting Southampton on May 13 at the Riverside Stadium. They will travel to Liverpool in the last game of the season.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
The dad who had three daughters abused by Nassar tries to attack the doctor in court
A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected his request to confront the “demon” in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
“I cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth,” Cunningham said.
RELATED: U.S. gymnastics doctor faces another sentence, victims return to court
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing. It follows a hearing last week where Nassar, 54, was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during Nassar's decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 per cent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
RELATED: U.S. gymnastics doctor sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” she told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting him have this power over us,” she said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. … I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of his conduct. “I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defence and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison in this case.
Outside court, Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who travelled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said of Margraves' actions.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks “unfortunate” and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is “really unfortunate” if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks “have pierced my soul.”
RELATED: Governor orders criminal probe of Texas gymnastics ranch
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the co-ordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
Nassar soon will be under three prison sentences. His first, 60 years in a federal prison, was ordered in December for child pornography crimes.
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
MELBOURNE, April 28 The Australian government said on Friday it won't revise up petroleum taxes in next month's federal budget, allaying industry fears after it last year raised concerns about declining tax revenues.
The decision will come as a relief to oil and gas producers, who have been battling a collapse in prices after spending $180 billion on mega projects to produce liquefied natural gas (LNG).
The government said last November that takings from the nation's petroleum resource rent tax (PRRT) had halved to A$800 million ($600 million) since 2013, while revenue from crude oil excise taxes had more than halved due to a slump in oil and gas prices and falling output.
A review concluded on Friday that the PRRT, a tax based on profits from oil and gas production on- and offshore Australia, should be revised for new projects, but not existing ones, and only following talks with the industry.
"The report finds the decline in PRRT revenue does not, in itself, indicate the Australian community is being shortchanged in receiving an equitable return from the development of its resources," Treasurer Scott Morrison said in a statement.
The review said no changes were needed to the crude oil excise or Commonwealth royalty scheme.
Major oil and gas producers and the Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration Association were all vehemently opposed to changes to the tax regime.
($1 = 1.3383 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Sonali Paul; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Tennis pro Serena Williams debuted her new catsuit-styled tennis garb at the French Open this year, claiming that it prevents blood clots and makes her “feel like a superhero.”
Appearing in her first grand slam outing since the 2017 Australian Open, Williams showed off her sleek new gab that she likened to the costumes in the hit Marvel Comics movie Black Panther, Sporting News reported.
Serena Williams came to @rolandgarros dressed as a superhero and I am ALL ABOUT IT. pic.twitter.com/soSeKs3jb1 — Kedzie Teller (@Kedz) May 29, 2018
“I call it my Wakanda-inspired catsuit,” Williams said adding it was designed for her before the movie came out. “It's really fun. Although we designed it way before the movie, but still, it kind of reminds me of that.”
Williams, who recently took time off to have a baby, also said that the catsuit made her feel like a superhero.
“I feel like a warrior in it, like a warrior princess kind of… queen from Wakanda maybe,” she joked. “I'm always living in a fantasy world. I always wanted to be a superhero, and it's kind of my way of being a superhero.”
“I feel like a superhero when I wear it,” she added.
Catsuit anyone? For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy—here you go. If I can do it, so can you. Love you all!! pic.twitter.com/xXb3BKDGNF — Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) May 29, 2018
Williams also made the claim that the new garb has health benefits.
“I had a lot of problems with my blood clots and, God, I don't know how many I have had in the past 12 months,” she added. “So it is definitely a little functionality to it. I have been wearing pants, in general, a lot when I play so I can keep the blood circulation going. “It's a fun suit, but it's also functional, so I can be able to play without any problems.
She also said she hoped that her comeback to pro tennis after having her baby would inspire other women.
“Yeah, it feels like this suit represents all the women that have been through a lot mentally, physically with their body to come back and have confidence and to believe in themselves,” she said.
Williams achieved a straight-set 7-6 (4), 6-4 victory over Kristyna Pliskova on Tuesday.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tiny bobble hats with colour-coded pom-poms are keeping babies' head warm at the Royal United Hospital.
Thousands of the hats have been sent from all over the world since the hospital appealed for volunteer knitters two months ago.
The RUH Bath Birthing Centre says the response has been “amazingly generous” but it still needs more.
The bobble hats have a traffic light system of green, amber and red pom-poms to help ensure that babies receive the individual care they need.
So far, knitters aged from nine to 94 from 159 different locations have got involved, with hats being sent from countries including America, Portugal, Spain, UK and Ireland.
But with 5,000 babies a year being born at the RUH, there's a never-ending demand for knitting aid.
(Image: Royal United Hospital)
Rachel Coleman, practice development sister, said: “We have been overwhelmed by the number of people from around the world who've taken the time to get knitting.
“The response has been incredible – every spare space we had is now filled with bags of hats.
“We can't reply to everyone personally, but a big thank you to everyone who's sent us hats.
Most popular baby names for boys and girls born in 2018 revealed
“Babies will still receive traditional midwifery care, but this is an extra visual aid.
“A green bobble means your baby is term, warm and feeding well.
“Amber indicates a baby needs a little more help with feeding and keeping warm.
“Red indicates a baby will have regular observations by a nurse or midwife.
“The hats will make a real difference in further improving the quality of care we provide and we are extremely grateful for every hat donated.”
The maternity team at Bath Birthing Centre's ante and postnatal Mary Ward is keeping track of every parcel they receive by adding it to mapcustomizer.com.
If you would like to join the knitting brigade, you can follow the pattern and send your hats to The Bath Birthing Centre, Royal United Hospitals Bath NHS Foundation Trust, Combe Park, Bath BA1 3NG.
By Annie Reuter
New Order played an electrifying set on Sunday evening (April 16) at Coachella. No strangers to the festival, the group previously played Coachella in 2005 and 2013, and this year they encored with two Joy Division songs. Most of the members of New Order began their career in the goth band Joy Division but changed their name and their songwriting approach after singer Ian Curtis hung himself in 1980.
Related: New Order to Release New Craft Beer
New Order's Coachella set spanned their lengthy catalog, ending with Joy Division's “Blue Monday” (which was originally released by Joy Division before New Order re-released it) and “Temptation.” Several fans captured the performance on video.
#undergroundresistance #fabric #neworder #bluemonday #immense 🙌🏾 A post shared by Marvin Fray (@marvit0) on Apr 17, 2017 at 2:38am PDT
The BEST! #neworder #kickingass #coachella2017 #frontrow #day3 #joydivision #amazingday A post shared by Adelle Friesen (@afriesen72) on Apr 17, 2017 at 2:22am PDT
New Order keyboardist and guitarist Gillian Gilbert spoke with the San Diego Union-Tribune ahead of the festival and says the band always looks forward to playing Coachella.
“We didn't have a lot of festivals in the early 1980s,” Gilbert noted. “A lot of people come and there are a lot of different age groups, instead of playing just to an older audience who have grown up with us. It's quite refreshing to play at festivals and have a lot of people dancing along to our new songs.
“Coachella is totally magical! It's brilliant and it's very different from English festivals, because of the weather. We had a great time playing Coachella in the past. Everything seems a lot more positive and people are there for the music and to have a good time. When you perform in concert halls, it's all very serious and you can't relax. But with everything that's going on at Coachella, it's just amazing.”
Former Pakistan batsman Nasir Jamshed has been banned for a year for failing to co-operate with the Pakistan Cricket Board's (PCB) Anti-Corruption Unit (ACU) regarding an investigation into corruption, the governing body said on Monday.
Jamshed, who has played 48 one-day internationals for Pakistan, was suspended from all forms of cricket in February for violating the PCB's anti-corruption code.
"Anti Corruption Tribunal has imposed one year ban on cricketer Nasir Jamshed for non-co-operation with PCB ACU, more charges will be brought up in near future," the PCB said on their official Twitter account.
The 27-year-old did not participate in the first two editions of the Pakistan Super League (PSL but is alleged to have played a major role in the spot-fixing scandal that engulfed the Twenty20 tournament earlier this year. Batsmen Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif were handed five-year bans for their role in the scandal, while paceman Mohammad Irfan and all-rounder Mohammad Nawaz received respective suspensions for 12 and two months. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Amazon's 90-second fourth-quarter ad stars a bevy of celebrities who sub for the voice of Amazon's Alexa voice assistant: singer Cardi B, actress Rebel Wilson, star chef Gordon Ramsey and even actor Anthony Hopkins putting a Hannibal Lector spin on things. Leading up to the halftime show, Pepsi's ad references past celebrities who have appeared in Pepsi Super Bowl ads: Britney Spears, Michael Jackson, Cindy Crawford and others.
Nonetheless, two Super Bowl ads are bucking the trend and sidling up to political issues, however obliquely.
Coca-Cola's anthemic 60-second ad features varieties of Coke, from Coke Zero to the stevia-flavoured Coke Life, quaffed by women, men and a person who uses the "they" pronoun.
"There's a Coke for he, and she and her and me and them," a voiceover states.
Coca-Cola executives say the ad highlights the diversity the company has always used in its advertising, adding that they consulted African-American and LGBTQ groups among its own employees. A biracial couple and a person in a wheelchair also appear in the spot.
"We want to celebrate all the people that make up the world," Coca-Cola executive Brynn Bardacke said. "We don't want to exclude anyone."
On the other hand, WeatherTech, which makes car mats and other interior car products, has a staunchly pro-American approach in its ad, which shows the construction of a factory that opened late last year.
"At WeatherTech, we built our factory right here in America," the ad's text reads. "Isn't that the way it is supposed to be?"
It's the fifth year WeatherTech has advertised in the Super Bowl touting its all-American operations. Founder and CEO David MacNeil said his ad doesn't have typical Super Bowl accoutrements — "no ponies, no puppies, no pretty girls" — but said it's straight to the point about its message.
"Isn't it just logical to build your own factory in your own country so your own fellow citizens can have jobs?" he said. He said he doesn't believe the ad might be divisive. "It wouldn't occur to me that I could offend anyone by supporting my own country," he said.
While the majority of advertisers release their ads ahead of time to try to drum up publicity, there are some holdouts. Fiat Chrysler usually appears during the game without advance warning. Other advertisers that have remained mum about their plans so far include E-Trade and Monster Products.
"It may be that advertisers with risky ads are waiting for the game, hoping to protect the surprise and break through the clutter," said Tim Calkins, a marketing professor at Northwestern University.
By Mae Anderson, The Associated Press
FEDERAL WAY — Two people are dead after a car crash in Federal Way early Wednesday morning.
The crash happened on Southwest 320th Street and 10th Avenue Southwest around 2:30 a.m., according to South King Fire.
All lanes were blocked for several streets as police investigate.
SKFR and KCM1 onscene of serious MVA on SW 320th St/10 Ave SW. All lanes closed. #southkingfirek pic.twitter.com/SVEnHecnVz — South King Fire (@Southkingfire) July 4, 2018
Federal Way police are trying to determine the cause of the crash and identify the victims.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects Reuters instrument code for Thai index in last paragraph) By Ambar Warrick April 6 Southeast Asian shares fell on Thursday on worries of capital outflows from the region after minutes of the U.S. Fed meeting showed that most policymakers were of the view that the central bank should start trimming its massive stimulus. The U.S central bank's stimulus since the global financial crisis has driven huge amounts of investment inflows into emerging markets in Asia and any reduction in that could trigger capital outflows from the region. Most Federal Reserve policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up, minutes from their last meeting showed. "Southeast Asian markets are basically following the performance of U.S. stocks last night after the minutes of the FOMC meeting," said Lexter Azurin, equity analyst at AB Capital Securities. Wall Street ended lower on Wednesday after a late-afternoon reversal following signals from the Fed. "Investors are taking a cautious stance as there is a bit of uncertainty over the next rate hike". The market is keeping a close watch on a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, the first between the world's two most powerful leaders. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down about 0.9 percent at 0409 GMT. Philippines snapped a three-day gaining streak and fell as much as 0.7 percent with financials and real estate sectors declining. "I think the Philippines market is just taking a breather. There has been a renewed interest in the market over the past few days which pushed it up," added Azurin. Business process outsourcing services provider Ayala Corp clocked its biggest intraday percentage drop since December 2016, while property developer Ayala Land fell as much as 2.8 percent. Singapore shed as much as 0.6 percent dragged down by financial stocks. DBS Group fell about 1 percent, while Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp fell as much as 0.9 percent. Indonesia fell after notching record highs for three consecutive days as energy stocks dropped. The index of the region's 45 most liquid stocks fell as much as 0.6 percent. Energi Mega Persada fell to a record low while Bukit Asam (Persero) posted its biggest intraday loss in nearly five months. Vietnam and Thailand were closed for Hung King's Day and Chakri Day, respectively. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: Change at 0436 GMT Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3163.94 3176.55 -0.40 Manila 7543.09 7584.21 -0.54 Jakarta 5653.653 5676.98 -0.41 Kuala Lumpur 1739.93 1744.67 -0.27 Change so far this year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3163.94 2880.76 9.83 Bangkok 1582.12 1542.94 2.54 Manila 7543.09 6840.64 10.27 Jakarta 5653.653 5296.711 6.74 Kuala Lumpur 1739.93 1641.73 5.98 Ho Chi Minh 723.22 664.87 8.78 (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
After a jam-packed month in PyeongChang, South Korea, the Winter Olympics and Paralympics have come to a close. And the latter especially saw Team USA dominate the competition, collecting more medals than any other country.
The Paralympics ran from Mar. 9 to Mar. 18, and brought Team USA not only a whooping 36 medals, but also saw them breaking several records and marking a number of historic firsts for the team. Missed the highlights? Here's a roundup of the most memorable moments of the Paralympics.
1. Team USA had their highest medal haul since 2002.
At the Paralympic Games in Salt Lake City, Team USA won 43 medals. Their medal count in PyeongChang is 36, the second-highest total ever, following Salt Lake City and the 1994 games in Lillehammer, Norway, where Team USA also won 43 medals.
Laurie Stephens competes at the Paralympics Chung Sung-Jun/Getty
2. A record number of athletes participated.
A total of 567 athletes competed in the Paralympics, representing 49 different countries.
3. The Team USA sled hockey team won their third gold medal in a row.
And with that win, they became the first sled hockey team to ever win three consecutive gold medals at the Paralympics. They won thanks to the help of a goal scored in the final minute of the game, scored by Declan Farmer.
4. Eighteen military veterans were a part of Team USA.
They brought home nine medals from the Games.
5. 26 countries overall won medals — a new record.
Over half of the 49 total delegations won medals, with a record 20 winning golds.
Team USA celebrates their sled hockey win Mauro Ujetto/NurPhoto via Getty Images)
6. Oksana Masters made Paralympic history for Team USA with her five medals.
Cross-country skier Masters became the most decorated female Paralympian in history, with five medals won in PyeongChang, two in Sochi and one in London (for rowing.) She carried the U.S. flag at the closing ceremonies.
7. Kendall Gretsch won a biathlon gold medal.
It was the first medal for Team USA in the sport at either the Paralympics or the Olympics.
8. Team USA snowboarders increased their medal count from Sochi.
In PyeongChang, they won 13 medals — over a third of Team USA's total medal count — which is an increase of four from the 2014 games.
9. Team USA cross-country skiers did really well, too.
They won 16 medals, which is a leap of 11 medals from their previous record of five in 2002.
Oksana Masters Vladimir SmirnovTASS via Getty Images
10. Every single day of the Paralympics, Team USA led the medal count.
The Games lasted for nine days, and they led the gold medal count each day of the games, too.
11. By the fifth day of the Winter Paralympics, Team USA surpassed their medal count from Sochi.
Team USA won 18 medals in Sochi in 2014.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ifg Group Plc:
* ‍GROUP CONTINUES TO MAKE GOOD PROGRESS IN IMPLEMENTATION OF ITS STRATEGY OF DEVELOPING ITS TWO FIRST CLASS, CLIENT-CENTRIC BUSINESSES.​
* ‍JAMES HAY HAS ADDED MORE THAN 6,000 NEW CLIENTS IN 2017, AN INCREASE OF OVER 30% COMPARED TO 2016​
* ‍SAUNDERSON HOUSE HAS ADDED 247 NEW CLIENTS COMPARED TO 215 IN 2016, DRIVEN BY FASTER THAN ANTICIPATED GROWTH IN ITS NEW DISCRETIONARY MANAGEMENT OFFERING​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
On this Pearl Harbor Day, the story of my father, now deceased, provides a link between two ships, the USS Maine and the USS Arizona, which suffered a similar fate in different wars.
My father was born in 1898, the same year that the USS Maine was blown up in Havana harbor, taking 266 sailors to a watery grave in the most epic event of the Spanish-American War. My father served in WWI on the replacement ship, the USS Maine II, which also saw war-time service in Cuban waters.
A man named Howard Keniston also served in WWI and, like my father, got married after the war and had two sons.
Both Burns and Keniston grew up in Cincinnati — but never knew each other until, by chance, my father bought our first house from Howard, a small brick house on Clio Avenue in the Cincinnati suburb of Mt. Washington.
I was only two years old when the USS Arizona had its hull ripped open by a massive explosion, the ship sinking in a mere nine minutes.
The 1,177 sailors and marines who died accounted for nearly half of those who perished at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.
Many years later I began having a haunting distant memory of one of my parents' saying that we “bought our first house from a man who lost both his sons on the USS Arizona.” But by then, my parents were both deceased, and no other family member had ever heard such a thing.
But the memory persisted, popping back up like clockwork every December 7th — until, aided by today's technology, I finally decided to put the rumor to rest.
A computer list of Arizona victims had only two sets of brothers from Ohio — and one of the addresses did match ours on Clio Avenue.
But I wanted further proof.
The boys' father was a Howard Keniston, a name new to me.
But the computer even provided a photo of Howard's tombstone in the Mt. Washington Cemetery, the names of sons Donald and Kenneth engraved on the same stone with identical dates of death — December 7, 1941.
Their actual cemetery is the USS Arizona. And some survivors have requested that their ashes be interred with their band of brothers in the waters below the USS Arizona Memorial in Honolulu.
I have been enriched by several touching stories that emerged from my research.
A retired navy man contacted me to say that his ship passed over the site of the USS Arizona's wreckage in the 1950s (before the Memorial was constructed), oil seeping upward as it still does today.
A command came for all hands on deck and a salute. “The salute lasted nearly three full minutes and not one sailor brought his hand down until word was passed from the bridge.” The powerful reverence accorded the USS Arizona is an enduring measure of sacrifice and sacred memory.
Equally moving was the story of the other Ohio family who lost two sons on the Arizona. The Millers were celebrating their 30th wedding anniversary on December 7, 1941, when word reached them of the Pearl Harbor attack. They were devastated.
Every December 7th thereafter, Mrs. Miller took a bouquet of flowers and placed them in a small stream on their farm, hoping that her thoughts and prayers if not the flowers would reach her sons. Say a silent prayer for her sons, Howard Keniston's sons, and all who perished that day that indeed shall live in infamy.
An aerial view of the USS Arizona Memorial in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Oil still seeps out of its wreckage after being bombed by the Japanese on Dec. 7, 1941. http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2017/12/web1_uss-arizona-memorial-pearl-harbor.jpg An aerial view of the USS Arizona Memorial in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Oil still seeps out of its wreckage after being bombed by the Japanese on Dec. 7, 1941.
THEIR VIEW
James F. Burns is a retired professor at the University of Florida.
James F. Burns is a retired professor at the University of Florida.
(UPDATED) The number of fireworks-related injuries is 60% lower than the 5-year average from 2011 to 2015
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – Philippine National Police (PNP) chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa praised the Department of Health (DOH) and other agencies for the “resounding success” of the campaign to lessen firecracker-related injuries this year.
“I would like to extend the congratulations of the Philippine National Police to the Department of Health and other government agencies and local government units for the resounding success of the national campaign to minimize fireworks-related injuries this holiday season,” Dela Rosa said in a statement Sunday, January 1.
As of 6 am on Sunday, the health department noted 350 fireworks-related injuries as Filipinos welcomed 2017. The figure is 60% lower than the 5-year average from 2011 to 2015.
“This noteworthy improvement can be attributed to the vigilance of the police with the support of the community in enforcing prohibitions against illegal firecrackers and indiscriminate firing of guns, the heightened awareness of the public through government and NGO information efforts, and the inter-agency coordination by health officials, local governments, and law enforcement,” said the PNP chief.
‘No serious incidents'
According to Dela Rosa, the PNP's regional offices arrested 18 persons for distributing and selling illegal firecrackers. The police also received 11 emergency calls through hotline 911.
“But overall, the entire holiday season has been generally peaceful with no serious untoward incidents reported by the Police Regional Offices,” said Dela Rosa.
From 5 pm on December 31 to 5 am on January 1, the PNP noted 3 cases of stray bullets, with all incidents still being probed by the police.
Zenaida Gonzales was watching television inside her home in San Jose, Batangas when a stray bullet from an still unknown caliber of FA hit the back of her right ear. She was rushed to the San Jose district hospital for treatment.
Another stray bullet hit Leomar Aquino who lives in Barangay Batasan, Quezon City. He is confined at the East Avenue Medical Center.
Gian Pernacilla of Tipas, Taguig City was also hit by a stray bullet. He is currently confined at the Rizal Medical Center.
The DOH earlier reported that a 15-year-old girl was hit by a stray bullet in Malabon City, but the PNP later clarified that she was injured through a shooting incident.
Arrested for gun-related offenses were 15 people – 13 of whom are civilians, one from the PNP, and one from the Armed Forces of the Philippines. Another 13 people – 4 police officers and 9 civilians – are under investigation for illegal discharge of firearms.
“As I have fairly warned, PNP personnel found to have violated the specific directive against indiscriminate firing and illegal discharge of firearms shall face the full brunt of the PNP disciplinary system without prejudice to criminal prosecution as warranted by evidence,” said Dela Rosa.
“Civilian violators, on the other hand, shall be prosecuted accordingly,” he added. – Rappler.com
As the use of internet technology continues to grow across the globe, so do the attempts to access devices through spam, invasive viruses, hacking and other criminal activities. In turn, federal and state laws are created to keep computers, personal information and sensitive data safe from computer crime.
By Hayden Wright
Yesterday, Maroon 5 revealed the tracklist and roster of collaborators on Red Pill Blues, their sixth studio album which drops November 3. Today, fans can hear “Help Me Out” featuring Julia Michaels.
Related: Maroon 5 Reveal ‘Red Pill Blues' Tracklist & Special Guests
The “Issues” singer duets with Adam Levine on the track, which focuses on two people helping one another overcome life's challenges.
“I'm getting kinda over this/ I need a metamorphosis /Are you as weak as me? /If not, do you wanna be?” Levine sings. “I need some temporary saving / I need some, some uncomplicated…”
The singers duet over a spare, electronic soundscape that's both moody and upbeat—and Michaels' voice is an excellent complement to Levine's. “Help Me Out” follows “What Lovers Do,” Maroon 5's collaboration with SZA that debuted last month.
Listen to “Help Me Out” here:
Michelle Williams was wondering at Coachella: (Would they) Say my name, say my name.
After pulling off two weekends of surprise appearances during Beyoncé‘s history-making sets, the newly engaged singer, 37, revealed she assumed that the thousands in the crowd would not recognize her as one-third of Destiny's Child.
Speaking with the Los Angeles Times about the reunion, Williams admitted that she was surprised at the level of passion received when she and Kelly Rowland joined Beyoncé on the main stage on April 14 and April 21.
“With the young kids it does. They definitely know who Beyoncé is. But then they see these two other girls — like, ‘Who are these girls that my mom is going crazy about?' ” Williams joked.
RELATED: Michelle Williams' Fiancé Knows Not to ‘Hurt' Her — Otherwise the Beyhive Will Come for Him
Raven Varona
“Some of these kids were probably 2 years old when ‘Lose My Breath' came out. And they for darn sure weren't even thought of when ‘Survivor' came out,” she said about their 2004 single and 2001 hit, respectively.
Another element of the performances that surprised Williams was the level of production Beyoncé was able to pull off.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“Initially I was like, ‘Bey, just go out there and have fun. People are gonna be so excited to see you.' And then I walked into rehearsal for the first time and saw this big old pyramid and that it was gonna be filled to the brim with humans,” she recalled.
Adding, “I said, ‘What in the bejesus is this? I told you just to go have fun!' But she can never do anything that we would think is normal. And this is what's fun for her.”
On the “big old pyramid,” Williams even joked that the Coachella prop would be reused for Beyoncé's 10-month-old twins, Rumi and Sir Carter. “I said, ‘Where is this pyramid going, by the way? Are the twins gonna play on it one day? Is it gonna be their swing set?'” she remembered telling the mother of three.
While Coachella was the first Destiny's Child gathering since Beyoncé headlined the 2013 Super Bowl halftime show, the three ladies have kept in touch offstage.
“I think because we have a relationship off the stage that's so easy and fun, that chemistry ignites when we're together. We've kept to our word back in the early 2000s, when we went on our first hiatus — we said that we would always participate in each other's projects in whatever capacity we could,” Williams said.
RELATED: Beyoncé Slays Second Coachella Performance with New Costumes and Surprise Guests
In addition, Beyoncé, Rowland and Williams are back in the same town, in fact just minutes away from one another.
“I just moved to L.A. full-time in January, and I'm so happy to finally move to where the girls are. Kelly is a four-minute drive from me; I think Bey is 17 minutes exactly,” Williams shared. “So we can get together any time, whenever we want to. We haven't lived in the same city since we left Houston in the early 2000s.”
And the girl group will surely be involved in Williams' forthcoming wedding.
While Williams is still figuring out all the details of her wedding, she says that both Rowland and Beyoncé will be there. “My ladies, they will be there,” she told Good Morning America on Monday, adding that Rowland “wants to throw my bachelorette party, so God knows what's gonna go down there.”
Facebook users can ensure companies and app makers don't continue to mine them for data. Here's a guide on how to do so.
Published 1:35 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Chances are, you've heard about the recently revealed Facebook data privacy scandal and how third party-apps on the social network need your consent to access your data.
In the Facebook data privacy scandal, a whistleblower revealed that data of some 50 million Facebook users were harvested through a personality app by the Trump-connected data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica. Facebook suspended the accounts involved, including that of whistleblower Chistopher Wylie, but only long after the damage was done and with investigations looming on the horizon.
While Facebook users may want to be more discerning about the third-party apps they allow access to, sometimes, the lure of a good quiz or promotion makes us want to give our consent to have our data mined.
That said, users can ensure companies and app makers don't continue to mine them for data by taking their apps off your approved list or reducing what data these app makers allowed to have.
The first step is to visit the apps page. It's a tab on your Facebook screen, accessible also via this link.
On the main screen, you'll find an expandable list of apps you've given access to. These include websites you've signed on to using Facebook, as well as apps and games you've connected with, in general.
You can edit what information an app specifically gets from you when it initially asks for permission, though this page also lets you edit those same settings after the fact. Just highlight an app name, then click on the pen icon that shows up.
On the app settings page, you are forced to allow some information through, but you can toggle off the additional information you allow the app to see.
In the screenshot below, you can see that your basic information is forcibly made part of the permissions as a condition of app usage. You can, however, limit its access to your friends' information and disable its ability to send you notifications.
Lastly, highlighting an app and clicking on the X will allow you to remove the app from your listed apps, thus ending its permissions for access to your data. For one-off quizzes and apps you rarely use, this is the best option.
We encourage everyone to take a few minutes out of their day to clean up their app permissions. Trimming the list of apps and adjusting their settings can go a long way toward ensuring you don't continue to allow your data to become a commodity. – Rappler.com
1 woman dies in Spokane River in Riverside State Park
SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) — One person has died after a raft overturned in Riverside State Park along the Spokane River.
Authorities say 12 people were on the raft when it overturned on Tuesday.
KREM-TV says one woman died in the mishap.
Spokane Fire Chief Brian Schaeffer says the woman was a grandmother from Colorado on a trip with her husband and family.
Schaeffer says the rafters were wearing dry suits and had personal flotation devices.
___
Information from: KREM-TV, http://www.krem.com/
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has ordered U.S. flags on federal property be flown at half-staff through sunset Tuesday to honor five people slain at a newspaper in Maryland's capital.
Scroll for more content...
The order comes after Annapolis Mayor Gavin Buckley said Monday that Trump had declined his request to lower the flags.
Trump issued a proclamation Tuesday ordering the flags to half-staff through sundown.
Four Capital Gazette journalists and a staffer were killed Thursday when a gunman holding a grudge against the publication shot them in the newsroom.
Trump has repeatedly called journalists the “enemy of the people.” He said the day after the shooting journalists shouldn't fear being violently attacked while doing their job.
The White House says Trump ordered the flags lowered as soon as he learned of the Annapolis mayor's request.
SYDNEY May 2 Copper futures rose sharply on Tuesday as investors returned from a three-day weekend in most of Asia with a renewed appetite for industrial commodities.
The near across-the-board gains in both London Metal Exchange and Shanghai Futures Exchange prices were aided by advances in Asian stocks on easing concerns over North Korea, commodities traders said.
COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange gained 1.0 percent to $5,790 a tonne by 0155 GMT, building on gains from the last session on Friday.
SHANGHAI: The most-traded copper contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange rose 1.5 percent to 46,940 yuan ($6,813) a tonne. Both exchanges were closed on Monday for Labour Day.
GRASBERG PROTEST: Thousands of workers from the Indonesian unit of Freeport McMoRan Inc staged a rally near its Papua mine on Monday, a union leader said, protesting against layoffs by the miner due to a contract dispute with the government.
CHILE COPPER RESTART: Anglo American plans to restart production shortly at its El Soldado copper mine in Chile as regulators have approved a new permit plan for the deposit.
LEAD: LME lead built on strong gains last week to trade 0.9 percent higher at $2,269 a tonne, reinforced by falling warehouse stocks. Stocks in LME-registered warehouses have fallen 13 percent to 165,275 tonnes over the last 27 days, their lowest in more than a year. MPBSTX-TOTAL ShFE lead also took flight, rising 2.5 percent to 16,690 yuan a tonne.
EASING TENSIONS: Worries about tensions over the Korean peninsula eased slightly after U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday opened the door to meeting North Korea's Kim Jon Un, saying he would be honoured to meet the young leader under the right circumstances.
MARKETS NEWS: Asian shares advanced on Tuesday, helped by rising optimism on the technology industry and easing concerns over North Korea, while the dollar edged up to one-month high versus the yen.
* For the top stories in metals and other news, click or
DATA/EVENTS 0145 China Caixin manufacturing PMI final Apr 0750 France Markit manufacturing PMI Apr 0755 Germany Markit/BME manufacturing PMI Apr 0800 Euro zone Markit manufacturing PMI final Apr 0900 Euro zone Unemployment rate Mar 1345 U.S. ISM-New York index Apr Federal Open Market Committee starts two-day policy meeting
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS ($1 = 6.8900 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Related Coverage Haslam: Nathan Bedford Forrest should not be honored at State Capitol
DURHAM, N.C. (WNCN) – A crowd of protesters gathered outside the old Durham County courthouse on Main Street Monday evening in opposition to a Confederate monument in front of the government building.
Around 7:10 p.m. a woman using a ladder climbed the statue of a soldier and attached a rope around the statue.
Moments later, the crowd pulled on the rope and the statue fell. One man quickly ran up and spat on the statue and several others began kicking it.
It's not clear where law enforcement officers were during the protest.
Previous story: Haslam: Nathan Bedford Forrest should not be honored at State Capitol
In 1924, the Confederate statue was dedicated to Durham.
Engraved on the front of the monument is “The Confederate States of America.”
Above it, is a statue representing a soldier who fought in the civil war.
“It needs to be removed,” Loan Tran, an organizer, said earlier Monday. “These Confederate statues in Durham, in North Carolina, all across the country.”
There are similar monuments in several cities around North Carolina.
Tran doesn't want to see it anymore.
“When I see a Confederate statue in downtown Durham, or really anywhere, it fills me with a lot of rage and frustration,” she said.
Organizers say tonight's protest is a reaction to the events in Charlottesville this past weekend.
“People can be mobilized and people are angry and when enough people are angry, we don't have to look to politicians to sit around in air conditions and do nothing when we can do things ourselves,” said Takiyah Thompson, a protester.
The statue is on county property.
In an email to CBS North Carolina, Durham County spokeswoman Dawn Dudley says:
“Due to a North Carolina state law passed a few years ago, Durham County is prohibited from removing or making substantive alteration to historical monuments and memorials. I share this to say that there is a statute in place making the efforts you mention below difficult to move forward. I would assume that the only thing possible are steps to reverse the law.”
This statue has been the center of controversy before after graffiti was spray painted on it a few years ago.
The group that met Monday say their purpose is to “smash white supremacy.”
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) " More than a dozen women have staged a protest against a proposed ban on Ohio's most common abortion procedure while dressed in character from the dystopian novel "The Handmaid's Tale."
The group attended a committee hearing at the Statehouse Tuesday while wearing red capes and white bonnets. The costumes resemble those worn in a new television series based on Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel, in which women are forced to give birth.
They were fighting legislation criminalizing what anti-abortion activists call "dismemberment abortion." The medical term is dilation and evacuation.
The bill would prohibit doctors from using forceps or similar instruments on a live fetus to remove it from the womb in pieces. Seven states have such bans.
Advertisement
Similar costumed protests to anti-abortion bills have taken place elsewhere, including in Texas and Missouri.
Speech to Text for Adding technology to nature in Vincennes
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
and it might entice you outside a bit more.. news 10 bureau chief gary brian is live in vincennes to tell us whats next. it's hard to get away from one of these. the city of vincennes is helping to give you more access. the city park. it's a place to relax and enjoy yourself. "we have so many people who go to our parks and have lunch. take their kids out there to rainbow beach. they're on their phones, on their tablets." technology mixing in with nature. something park superintendent steve beamon may not have seen coming when he started with the parks in 2005. "well you know you go back thirteen years ago and things were a lot differently technology wise. i mean it's hard to say that but things expand and change so quickly." but the city is changing with the times. adding wifi to their four parks and the riverwalk. "when you go around, what do people look for like in resturaunts, hotels and those things? hey, where's the wifi? can i click on and get on some wifi. so hopefully this will help increase those types of things. get more people out there. and just make things better for the citizens of vincennes." the start up cost is 2,000 dollars. this comes from the city's promotion fund. "when you hear about projects recently. you know theres a lot of projects that cost a lot of money. and to be able to say that around $2,000 we're going to be able to provide wifi in every park in the city of vincennes. i mean that's a pretty good deal." a deal that beamon is happy to see. "when you're out and about especially in
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Kentucky coach Mark Stoops believes his team is capable of winning decisively despite its history of squeaking by opponents.
The Wildcats' four wins have come by a total margin of 32 points. A last-second interception preserved last week's 24-20 escape of Eastern Michigan and left players and Stoops feeling they should have played much better.
But Kentucky has held the lead in most of its games and the Wildcats (4-1, 1-1) believe they are on the verge of a breakout performance. The Wildcats are determined to be more dominant from start to finish in Saturday night's Southeastern Conference game against Missouri (1-3, 0-2).
"After watching the film, we played very good on defence and very good on special teams," said Stoops, whose team had a season-low 228 yards on offence. "Offensively, we'll get it fixed but there's no (pressing the) panic button.
"You just look at the things and get them fixed and move on. Some are easy and some are difficult. There's going to be games when we're going to have to outscore people."
Homecoming should add motivation for Kentucky to put it all together. The contest is the first of six consecutive SEC matchups the Wildcats hope will vault them into Eastern Division contention after a crushing loss to Florida. They lead the series 4-3, and a third straight win against Mizzou can even their SEC record at 6.
The Tigers had a bye following three straight losses, including SEC defeats to South Carolina and No. 12 Auburn . They were outscored 117-30 in that stretch, which made the off week welcome.
Mizzou coach Barry Odom said the downtime has allowed his team to heal after the opening month left them banged up. The Tigers also look forward to beginning road play.
But Odom doesn't want players to press in search of their first SEC win.
"If you've prepared the right way, you let it happen and go make plays and don't stress too much," Odom said. "Usually when that happens, you can play freely."
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico's anti-trust agency on Thursday said that it is investigating “probable” monopoly practices in Mexico's e-commerce market, which includes online retailers like Amazon.
The Federal Commission for Economic Competition, or Cofece, said in a statement that it was investigating possible practices such as price discrimination by major players to crimp the growth of smaller competitors.
Cofece did not provide details on the investigation or name any companies but noted it had begun the investigation in late September.
Regulators around the globe have been wrestling with the impact of online giants Facebook, Alphabet Inc's Google and Amazon.com Inc on local markets and this is Mexico's first probe of internet businesses.
Sergio Lopez, Cofece's top investigator, said in a telephone interview that he was looking at stores that offer their own goods online as well a major e-commerce platforms.
“We are not going against anyone specifically, but we do have indications that there could be relative monopolistic practices being carried out in this market,” Lopez said.
Lopez said investigations by Cofece can take up to 2-1/2 years. He could not project how long this investigation would take but said they were carrying out the probe with “rigor.”
“We are entering this market because (it) is growing exponentially,” he said.
Companies found guilty of monopolistic abuses could face fines of up to 8 percent of their revenues, he added.
E-commerce accounts for slightly more than 3 percent of all retail sales in Mexico, where shoppers fear credit card fraud and are often paid in cash. But there has been a scramble to gain market share among Mexico's middle and upper classes.
Top players in the Mexican online e-commerce space include Amazon, Argentina's MercadoLibre Inc Wal-Mart de Mexico and more recent entrants such as appliance dealer and bank Elektra.
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“Wear hair, not fur” will be the message at designer Krasimira Stoyneva's London Fashion Week show.
Fashionistas will be descending on the capital from February 17-21 to see what they should be wearing this year. And east London's Krasmira will want to convince them it is time to ditch animal cruelty with her rainbow fringed garments.
The University of East London (UEL) alumna is one of four up-and-coming designers selected to take part in Fashion Scout's show Ones To Watch. She will send her designs sashaying down the catwalk at Freemason's Hall in Holborn on Friday, February 17.
It is a chance for the 35-year-old to showcase her signature synthetic material, which she describes as a luxurious alternative to fur and which she designs and makes at UEL's Docklands Fashion Hub.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She said: “I really stand behind the idea of ‘wear hair, not fur'. Hair has so much potential.”
On landing the chance to appear at LFW said: “There will be a lot of press there, a lot of buyers, famous people. It's going to be great. Every designer wants to see their collections on the catwalk.”
Her colour-saturated collection is emblazoned with stars which are a riff on the political upheaval taking place around the world and society's obsession with celebrity and fame.
Krasimira said: “It's been getting mad with politics and everything that has been happening in the world. But this isn't me telling a story. It's more to make people question and think about things.”
Since graduating from UEL in 2014 with a BA Honours degree in Fashion Design, the mum-of-two has set up her own label Krasimira Stoyneva .
In 2014 when she won the Muuse x Vogue Talents Young Vision Award and her clothes appeared in Vogue Italia and in 2015, she took her designs to India as part of a UEL delegation and showcase.
The Bulgaria born designer also co-manages the Fashion Hub, a work space at the university's Docklands-based Knowledge Dock building, with fellow fashion graduate Kim Stevenson.
They are given office space and use of the facilities in exchange for taking on management responsibilities and providing workshops.
Krasimira said: “There's an amazing atmosphere. If I didn't have the space where I work, I probably wouldn't have survived long as a fashion designer.
“And for UEL, it's amazing having alumni with their own fashion businesses work with students. It's a really good cycle.”
Follow The Wharf on Twitter @the_wharf .
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook .
George County Schools have been using new techniques in teaching for a few years, but now, the Mississippi Department of Education is recognizing those techniques.
There is a special election being held in Longview Saturday morning.
This race will determine who will fill the unexpired term of District 3 city councilwoman, Kasha Williams.
Williams left city council to run for a Gregg County Commissioner seat.
Voters who live district 3 can vote today from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. at Broughton Recreation Center, located at 801 S. Blvd.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
A trial had been scheduled to run through to April 6th
Shane McPhee pleaded guilty to manslaughter in Red Deer court Monday.
He had been charged with second degree murder, but pled guilty to manslaughter instead.
He had been charged in relation to the death of a man who was dropped off at the Red Deer Regional Hospital on Feb. 13th of 2016.
An autopsy held at the Calgary Medical Examiner's Office showed that William Blaine Baker was the victim of a homicide.
More to come.
Outrage and disbelief is spreading throughout Mexico after authorities in Jalisco announced that three film students reported missing were killed and dissolved in acid. The suspects are members of Cartel Jalisco Nueva Generación (CJNG).
In a news conference, members of Jalisco's Attorney General's Office announced that they arrested two of eight cartel members in connection to the murder of film students Javier Salomon Aceves Gastelum (25), Jesús Daniel Díaz García (20), and Marco Francisco García Ávalos (20). While the students are not linked to any cartels, they were filming for an school assignment at a cabin believed to be owned by a cartel member. The cabin is owned by the aunt of one of the students; the woman is believed to be linked to a local cartel that is at odds with CJNG.
#EnDirecto | Rueda de prensa en torno a la investigación de los estudiantes de cine desaparecidos en Tonalá. https://t.co/slMTLQdN67 — Fiscalía de Jalisco (@FiscaliaJal) April 23, 2018
According to Lizette Torres, the head of investigations for the Jalisco Attorney General's Office, the three film students were kidnapped on March 19 while filming a school assignment in Tonalá. The students were tortured, murdered, and dissolved in an acid. Investigators recovered what they believe to be are the remains and are carrying out forensic testing to confirm their initial findings.
Investigators revealed they had carried out 400 interviews and raided 15 cabins where they seized six vehicles and 15 weapons. Authorities found 45 vats filled with sulfuric acid and human remains that they believe belong to as many as 20 different victims.
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award-winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon. You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. He can be contacted at Iortiz@breitbart.com.
Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart.com.
Join us for an evening with NPR special correspondent and host Melissa Block.
NPR special correspondent and host Melissa Block shares stories from her reporting travels around the country and the world. From a fishing boat in Sitka to an Olympic ski slope in South Korea, Melissa brings listeners intimate insights into people's lives. Join us for a behind-the-scenes talk about the craft and joy of radio storytelling, followed by a Q&A session.
Tickets available online only.
This event generously sponsored by LifeMed Alaska and Bartlett Regional Hospital.
Former Luton Town boss Richard Money is back in management once more after taking charge of National League strugglers Solihull Moors this week.
The 61-year-old has taken over after Liam McDonald was relieved of his duties, with his first match, this afternoon's home clash against Hartlepool United.
I can vouch for his formidable skills as a coach. I really look forward to teaming up with him again. Mark Fogarty
After a playing career which included spells at Scunthorpe United, Liverpool, Luton, Portsmouth and Fulham, Money, who had also managed Scunthorpe and Walsall, was appointed as Luton chief in 2009 after leaving his position as academy director at Newcastle United.
He guided the Hatters to second in the Conference, as they were beaten in the play-offs by York City, before leaving the club in March 2011.
Money became Cambridge United head coach, leading them back to the Football League, until he departed in November 2015 and has since been academy director at Atlanta United and Norwich City, until August, as he had been looking for a return to first team management.
On becoming Moors boss, he said: “There is ambition and potential at Solihull Moors but my first job is to focus on accumulating points. It is about winning the ‘next game' and that will give hope to the players, the fans and the board.
“I am not a magician and I know we will lose some matches as we move forward. I want to build confidence and we will then see where it takes us.”
Director of Football Mark Fogarty added: “I am absolutely delighted that we have attracted manager with the record and profile of Richard Money.
“He is exactly what we need right now at Moors and having worked with him, I can vouch for his formidable skills as a coach. I really look forward to teaming up with him again.”
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang points out a reporter to receive a question at a regular news conference in Beijing, October 27, 2015. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
BEIJING China is still committed to the Paris climate change accord agreed in 2015, foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump signed overnight an order to dismantle Obama-era climate change regulations.
"We still uphold that all sides should move with the times, grasp the opportunities, fulfil their promises and earnestly take proactive steps to jointly push the enforcement of (the Paris) agreement," he said at a briefing.
"No matter how other countries' policies on climate change change, as a responsible large developing country China's resolve, aims and policy moves in dealing with climate change will not change."
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; writing by Josephine Mason; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
WASHINGTON May 2 The U.S. Commerce Department said on Tuesday it plans to open investigations into possible dumping and subsidization of imports of tool chests and cabinets from China and Vietnam.
It said the decision follows a petition from Missouri-based Waterloo Industries Inc, a subsidiary of Fortune Brands and Home Security Inc.
In 2016, imports of tool chests from China and Vietnam totalled $990 million and $77 million, respectively, the department said in a statement. (Reporting by Eric Beech; Writing by Eric Walsh; Editing by Eric Beech)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Codeless Platforms' automation and integration solution proven to work with both SAP HANA® and SQL databases
Codeless Platforms logo
Contact
Stuart Tarrant
***@codelessplatforms.com Stuart Tarrant
End
-- Codeless Platforms today announced that BPA Platform 2018 (formerly TaskCentre) has retained its SAP-certified integration with SAP Business One® 9.2 for SQL, and has also achieved SAP-certified integration with SAP Business One 9.2 for SAP HANA®.The SAP® Integration and Certification Center has certified that Codeless Platforms' BPA Platform 2018, which includes the integration tool pack for SAP Business One, has been proven to integrate with SAP Business One, either on an SQL or SAP HANA database. This integration helps users to automate the management of company data in the SAP Business One application, as well as providing an efficient and effective way of integrating SAP Business One with other on premises or cloud-based software."Since 2008, we have made significant investment into developing BPA Platform in line with the evolution of SAP Business One to help ensure that BPA Platform can continue to provide automation and integration capabilities for SAP Business One user. This certification is deserved recognition once again for that commitment, and also means that SAP Business One user can be confident of investing in BPA Platform, having been fully tested for integration with SAP Business One."BPA Platform's integration tool pack for SAP Business One is used to carry out tasks such as retrieving a recordset of information from a company or executing an operation to automatically add, update or delete items such as invoices, sales orders or business partners. Company databases can easily be managed with a decreased level of manual input and with a higher-level rate of production. Because the flow of data is automated, the system can instantly receive the most up-to-date information as soon as it becomes available. The same applies when information needs to be requested from SAP Business One.When wcj integrated with third-party applications, synchronisation solutions can be applied allowing further control over the automated upkeep of company data. BPA Platform uses the DI-API to provide integration between SAP Business One and other application using a number of modular connectors, enabling the synchronisation of data between two systems that do not naturally talk to each other.Founded in 1999, Codeless Platforms is leading the way in business process automation and rapid application development. We have a proven track record of developing and delivering agile, flexible and robust next generation software solutions, empowering businesses to get the most from their data as well as the ability to respond to the rapidly changing business demands of today.Our knowledge of the marketplace and channel has grown in line with this development and established us as a highly experienced and reputable software company, fully endorsed by partners and software vendors (Access, Infor, Microsoft, Sage and SAP) alike, who have the confidence to invest in Codeless Platforms.With over 450 global partners, more than 7000 customers use Codeless Platforms' software solutions, ranging from diverse global organisations to the small local enterprise. The company is headquartered in Poole, UK, with representative offices throughout the world. Learn more at www.codelessplatforms.com
A letter from a Tucson retiree who used to be a California investigator proved instrumental in killing legislation that would have allowed people to fire off small-caliber “snake shot” in city limits.
HB 2022 failed on a tie vote Monday after Rep. Kate Brophy McGee, R-Phoenix, read the letter from Michael Cardwell who spoke of his 32 years working for the San Bernadino County Sheriff's Department and patrolling the 23,000 square miles, much of that in the Mohave Desert. He detailed — and she read for colleagues — the foolishness of people who feel the need to shoot at snakes, particularly rattlesnakes.
But it wasn't just that Cardwell said the best course of action is to leave the snakes alone.
“The bottom line when it comes to destroying small animals like rattlesnakes is that gunfire presents a much greater danger to bystanders than the snake itself,” Brophy McGee read. “Projectiles fired into the ground at low angles, even shotgun pellets and snake shot, very frequently ricochet and put holes in buildings, cars and people.”
Brophy McGee said she's not sure that the letter made the difference in denying Rep. Jay Lawrence, R-Scottsdale, the necessary 16 votes needed for Senate approval. Lawrence already had shepherded the bill through the House on a 35-25 margin on claims of Second Amendment rights of Arizonans to arm themselves with whatever ammunition they believe is appropriate.
But Brophy McGee said it probably helped cement the opposition as she and Republican Sen. Bob Worsley of Mesa joined with the 13 Democrats to kill it.
“I certainly hoped it helps them to kind of think it through,” she said following the vote. “This was not a good bill.”
Lawrence took a slap at Brophy McGee.
“I would not expect Brophy McGee to ever change her vote,” he said. “She is a Democrat.”
Brophy McGee, a Phoenix Republican, votes with the GOP on many — though not all — issues.
That leaves Worsley. But he said he has no inclination to change his mind.
The fight is over “Shannon's Law,” a 2000 measure that makes it a felony to shoot off a weapon inside city limits. It's named after Shannon Smith who was killed the prior year from a bullet fired up in the air by someone who was never captured.
Lawrence argued that snake shot, also sometimes called rat shot, should not fit under the ban, arguing the pellets are the size of grains of sand. He even offered during House floor debate to let someone shoot him with the ammunition but backed down after several of his colleagues volunteered.
In his letter to Brophy McGee, Cardwell questioned the need for anyone to shoot a snake, even with this particular type of shell.
“The best option is to leave the snake alone,” he wrote. “If it must be removed from a doorstep, garage or other place where it cannot be tolerated, pushing it away with a long-handled broom or other implement is reasonably safe if carefully done.”
Lawrence said foes are looking at the issue backwards.
“It really isn't a question of why do we need this kind of ammunition,” he said.
“It is a question of, why not?”
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether she was groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which she was granted.
In his closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped her suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In his own closing arguments, David Mueller attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why his client would introduce himself by name and then almost immediately after reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying he had not proven Swift had set out to get him fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after his own suit was filed in 2015, leading to Denver trial which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Ms. Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is anyway my fault, because it isn't."
(Corrects value of proposed Safran offer to 29.47 euros from 29.37 euros, para 13)
* Zodiac says CEO offered to resign, to stay on for a while
* Hopes to complete Safran merger deal, studies alternative
* Issues second profit warning in as many months
* Shares recover partially after sharp fall on Thursday
By Tim Hepher and Cyril Altmeyer
PARIS, April 28 Zodiac Aerospace said its chief executive planned to quit and added to a litany of profit warnings as it reaffirmed hopes of merging with engine maker Safran to end a prolonged crisis in its aircraft seats plants.
The French firm said it had asked CEO Olivier Zarrouati to stay on "for a while" to try to complete the $9 billion merger, but added it was working on a backup plan in case the idea to forge the world's third-largest aero supplier fell through.
The companies announced plans for Safran to take control in January, but the deal ran into criticism from some shareholders and uncertainty created by new problems at Zodiac's UK plants.
Zodiac said it had appointed a new special board adviser and asked Zarrouati to stay on for an unspecified period to focus on finalising and executing the merger "if Safran and Zodiac come to a renewed agreement, which is what we want."
Speaking to reporters in a conference call, Zarrouati described the tie-up as "our priority scenario".
But he said an alternative was necessary due to obstacles faced by the merger proposal.
In a delayed announcement that was postponed by a week due to what Zodiac described as pressure of work, the company posted a fiscal first-half current operating loss of 12 million euros, blamed mainly on its aircraft interiors business.
It forecast a 200-220 million euro current operating profit for the year to end-August 2017 as a whole, implying a decline of up to 26 percent from the previous year's 269.6 million euros. In March it had forecast a 10-20 percent decline.
TCI UNHAPPY
Zarrouati, who has overseen some 10 profit warnings since Zodiac first discovered it could not keep pace with a boom in airline orders for its aircraft interiors, said Zodiac had added "an extra layer of caution" to its forecasts.
But the strongest critic of the deal, UK hedge fund TCI Fund Management, said the second profit warning in as many months cast doubt on its predictions of a strong second-half recovery.
"These are disastrous results from Zodiac yet again... Zodiac's business continues to implode with no sign of recovery," TCI founder Christopher Hohn said.
"Zodiac is in serious financial difficulty and we think it needs an emergency rights issue, which would cause the Zodiac share price to fall substantially," he said in an emailed statement, adding that the appointment of a new special board adviser was a distraction from the company's problems.
TCI has waged a public campaign to persuade Safran to cancel its proposed 29.47 euros a share offer for Zodiac, which it says would pay almost three times what Zodiac is worth.
But shares in Zodiac recovered some ground after falling sharply ahead of the results. They were up around 2.8 percent at 21.43 euros in early trading, but still well below the anticipated offer price.
Zodiac plans to speed up its restructuring, Zarrouati said.
Talks with Safran are proceeding well, and Zodiac is waiting for Safran's conclusions on a due-diligence exercise, he added.
Safran had no immediate comment. (Reporting by Tim Hepher, Cyril Altmeyer; Editing by Andrew Callus and Keith Weir)
So distraught over a dispute about a hairstyle, a Valley mother withdrew her son from a Phoenix school.
Scroll for more content...
Brittany Anderson told ABC15 she withdrew her 12-year-old son, Nasir, from Teleos Preparatory Academy on Wednesday. This comes after Brittany says the school called to say her son's hairstyle violated the dress code as he had braids.
"If the hair is maintained, what's the problem?" Anderson asked. "It's not like it's keeping him from learning."
Teleos is a public charter school located near 14th and Jefferson Streets. ABC15 looked at the school's family handbook, which spells out expectations for boys on page 49. It reads:
"No shaved heads, Mohawks, rat's tails, ponytails, or braids."
Anderson admitted she had not seen that portion when showed it by an ABC15 reporter, but insists there is a bigger issue, claiming her son had braids in his hair for several months without issue.
"If (the school) had pointed that out to me earlier in the year, then I would have nipped it in the bud and not let him grow his hair out," Anderson said. "But because you're just telling me this is the new year, the school year is almost over and you want me to cut his hair? I'm not going to do it."
Anderson says she wants to send a message about what she considers as strict guidelines for students' hair.
"I'm challenging this handbook," she said. "Everything else I'm perfectly fine. Attendance, call-ins, uniform policy...that's all well and said, but you're not going to dictate how my son can wear his hair."
Great Hearts Academies, which Teleos is part of, released the following statement:
"As is the case with many public schools in Arizona, Great Hearts has a dress code policy for all of our academies. We are transparent about this policy and it is clearly stated in the Family Handbook, which is provided to parents to review and sign before their child starts school with us. We take great care in fairly and consistently upholding our policies for all students. We understand parents have a choice about where their children attend school, and some may not agree with our dress code policy, which is certainly their right. We're sorry to see this family leave the Teleos Prep community, but we fully respect their decision to do so."
Anderson told ABC15 she has since enrolled her son in another school.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We may be home of the balti but it seems Birmingham is getting new influences from Mumbai.
Not one but five trendy Indian street food cafes have opened in and around the city over the past year- Indico in Shirley, Zindiya in Moseley, Indian Brewery at Snowhill and Indian Streatery in Bennetts Hill.
Most recently Tamatanga opened in Navigation Street. The eatery offers street food as an option on its menu but says it is “not jumping on the Indian street food bandwagon”.
Another Indian restaurant, Mowgli opened in prime position at Grand Central offering a similar range of dishes as Tamatanga and the rest.
So what exactly does each place offer and which places are worth trying?
The chaat should always be a highlight of any good Indian street food place - we're talking potato pieces, crisp fried bread chickpeas, tangy-salty spices, chilli, coriander and yogurt. There are plenty of variations and they are all now available in the city centre.
Whether you're looking for a traditional street food or simply a hearty lunchtime curry rice and naan - washed down with a cup of chai, it's all here.
Zindiya Indian streatery
Open for lunch and dinner
Decor: The interior has been designed to resemble a bustling and colourful Indian street food market.
Food: Served almost as a tapas concept, you can enjoy a wide range of different dishes. Choose from Papdi Chaat, Vada Pav (Indian burger) Zindiya's trio of Dosa - made from rice batter and lentils, served with sambhar, coconut chutney. We highly recommend the aloo paratha filled with spicy boiled potato and onions.
All chaat dishes are £4 ( including their sensational chilli paneer) Zindiya's Trio of Dosa is £6.50. The most expensive dish is the mixed grill at £7.
A cup of chai costs £2
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Verdict: The food here is good for your stomach and bank balance. A wonderful dining experience.
Zindiya, 21 Woodbridge Rd, B13 8EH
Indian Brewery
(Image: Darren Quinton)
Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner
Decor: Super trendy. Urban industrial style interior, all exposed beams as well as communal benches. There is an open-plan kitchen to fit in with the street food theme with eye-catching Bollywood posters lining the back wall.
Food: Delhi paneer roti roll, Bombay wings - chicken marinated with the brewery's Birmingham Lager, pakora pops and Indian fish and chips are on the menu here. The Bombay wings are lovely. Shockingly for a street food place there is no chaat on the menu.
Price: The Bombay wings are £6.50.
Verdict: Okay food in an uncomfortable atmosphere. Apart from the Bombay wings, we'd say your money is better spent elsewhere, Read our review here
Livery St, Birmingham B3
Indian Brewery at Snowhill is too cold for comfort
Indico, Solihull
Open for lunch and dinner
Decor: Conjures up the vibrancy of the hustle and bustle of an Indian bazaar with colourful murals designed by street artists and Bollywood style pop art adorning the walls.
Food: Menu has a variety of street food with dishes from all over the country - including Punjabi paranthas, Goan fish curry, rice, Dhokla savoury cakes from Gujerat and Raos omelette - which is dipped in a spicy coconut gravy garnished with lime and onions. There is also gol guppa - puffed hollow pastry filled with seasonal potatoes, chilled mint flavoured water.
(Image: Indico on Twitter)
There are also tiffin boxes - with a choice on curry, dahl, rice or naan bread with salad and raita. There are also Indian Dhaba curries, kathi rolls and biryani as well as a dessert favourites gulab jaman and rasmalai.
Price: Chaat is £2- £6. Tiffin box prices start from £16.
A cup of masala chai costs £1.99
Verdict: It has an overall rating of 4.5 on TripAdvisor with diners raving about the Bhel puri and lamb roghan josh Niki2b: “ I just wish I could give it 6 stars as never thought I would come across food like this on my own doorstep.”
16, Parkgate Shopping Centre, Stratford Rd, Shirley, B90 3GG
Tamatanga
(Image: Tim Easthope)
Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner
Decor: It's bright bold and very colourful. You could be forgiven for thinking you were in a Las Iguanas or Turtle Bay.
Food: The extensive menu includes kale chaat- a delicious healthy twist on a street food favourite. There's also biryani bowls, curry bowls such as Punjabi butter chicken and Parsi lamb Bhuna. Tamatanga's specialities are the thalis. They also do a full Indian fried breakfast.
Price: Its Nottingham branch won the Observer Food Monthly's best cheap eats in the Midlands category and for good reason. There's a £8.95 meal deal (covering most menu options) before 6pm. Chaat is £4.40. A thali is £16.
A cup of masala chai ( with biscuits) costs £2.25
(Image: All images by Jack Spicer Adams)
Verdict: We give a thumbs up for the amazing kale chaat, as well as good saag paneer and homestyle chicken curry. All served up in a fun family friendly atmosphere in the day and in a buzzy ambience at night. They do great cocktails too!
Orion Building Navigation St, Birmingham B5 4AX
Indian Streatery
(Image: Sanjeeta Bains)
Open for lunch and dinner
Decor: Urban rustic interior that is very understated compared to the others on this list.
Food: This truly is real Indian street food. The owners are Digbeth Dining Club regulars serving up their foodie delights at Indian Rasoi. At the new Indian Streatery diners can enjoy the same street food menu from The Indian Rasoi - such as their bestseller chicken chaat, lamb bhaji burgers, pani puri as well as gluten free and vegan options.
The daytime lunch menu is very similar to Indian Rasoi but in the evenings it's more hearty Punjabi food such as butter chicken and rice. It describes itself as "Grab & go lunch by day, sleek eatery by night."
Price: Chaat is £4.50 and curry and rice is £12.
Verdict: The Indian Rasoi is a massive hit at street food markets so with the same chef at Indian Streatery we expect the food to be of a similar high quality. It has an overall rating of 3.5 on TripAdvisor.
21A Bennetts Hill, Birmingham B2 5QP
Mowgli
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Open for lunch
Decor: Super rustic with exposed brick and wooden tables that gives an Indian village canteen style vibe - complete with steel plates. But the best selling point? The swings!
Food: Mowgli is the brainchild of YouTube recipe vlogger Nisha Katona who is also author of book Pimp My Rice. The menu includes Himalayan Cheese Toast - Coriander, red onion and green chilli dressing, sharp cheddar & served with Indian pickle, Yogurt Chaat bomb is a bestseller - crisp bread puffs filled with chickpeas, spiced yoghurt, tamarind and coriander and a tiffin box - four tiers of meat, veg and “carb jeopardy chosen by chef as it is in India” £16.
Price: Chaat is from £4.50 to £5. The Office Worker's Tiffin is £16
A cup of Cardamon masala chai is £2.50 .
Grand Central.
Speech to Text for Terre Haute man arrested for failure to appear
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
news.. police pick up a local man who didn't appear in court after a 20-17 arrest. terre haute police arrested "30"-year-old "joseph douglas" last night. he faces a number of charges including "possession of a destructive device".. "auto theft".. and "resisting law enforcement". those charges stem from july of last year. a hearing is set for july 17th. it's no secret folks in the wabash valley are under a heat
House Speaker Paul Ryan deleted a tweet Saturday touting the GOP tax overhaul after critics called him out for appearing out of touch with the reality of low-income individuals' financial situations.
Scroll for more content...
The tweet shared the story of a secretary who, according to a report by the Associated Press, was "pleasantly surprised her pay went up $1.50 a week."
"A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, PA, said she was pleasantly surprised her pay went up $1.50 a week ... she said [that] will more than cover her Costco membership for the year," Ryan tweeted with a link to the full article.
A basic Costco membership costs $60 a year.
People, including several prominent Democrats, noted on social media that $1.50 per week is not a significant pay bump.
"Paul Ryan deleted his embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because he and Republicans don't want you to know the truth: the #GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1% at your expense," Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-California, tweeted. "He also doesn't want you to know he got $500.000.00 from the Koch family."
Jon Favreau, a former Obama staffer, tweeted: "As a thank you for passing a $1 trillion corporate tax cut, Paul Ryan received $500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers, which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco."
"Remember, if you don't think benefits like an extra $1.50 a week and free Hostess snacks are good enough, you're the one who's out of touch," he added.
Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minnesota, also tweeted a link to the since-deleted Ryan tweet, writing: "Wells Fargo, fresh off of defrauding millions of Americans, gets $3.4 billion."
California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom tweeted with a screen shot of Ryan's tweet: "Guess someone told Paul Ryan you shouldn't go around praising yourself for giving a working person an extra $1.50 a week - because he deleted this tweet."
Ryan's office did not immediately return CNN's request for comment.
Ryan's challenger also took the opportunity to fundraise off the flub.
Randy Bryce, the Democrat running to unseat Ryan in Wisconsin, tweeted: "Moments ago, @PRyan deleted this tweet after we told him just how out of touch he was. Show Paul Ryan what you think of his tax bill. Chip in $1.50 now to help us repeal and replace Ryan permanently this November."
Republicans passed a major tax overhaul in December, which was considered one of Ryan's primary focuses in Congress.
The trains are a mess, Northern Rail's timetable change was a joke, and northern towns and cities are being let down.
People across Yorkshire have been hit by delays and cancellations in the chaos over Network Rails new timetable in the last few weeks, making them late for work or school. It could easily have been even worse, as they tried to get away with cutting trains from the Five Towns.
Newspaper: Express Series.'Story: New College, Pontefract, holds a Question Time style debate with students and politicians on whether Britain should leave the European Union.'Pictured: Yvette Cooper MP during her speech.'Reporter: Don Mort.'Photographer: Andrew Bellis.'Photo date: 13/05/16'Picture Ref: AB190h0516
For some time we've been arguing that we need more trains across our area - for example between Knottingley, Pontefract and Leeds, and more trains from Normanton too - especially when so many Five Towns residents need to travel for work.
We also need to get rid of the horrid 1980's pacer trains which are cold and overcrowded. Northern Rail has promised that it will be replacing them, but it has already taken far too long and we need to keep up the pressure so that we don't get left until last.
Northern Rail also told local councillors that they were looking at putting more trains on to the Five Towns. But when the timetable plans came out they included cuts for Normanton instead.
They actually tried to cancel one of the busiest morning trains from Normanton into Leeds at 7.33am, leaving a long gap between services, which would have been a nightmare for commuters.
I contacted Northern Rail to demand that the train was reinstated and that they listen to local Normanton people and campaigners who rely on the trains.
For now, Northern Rail has backed down but will be looking again at the ‘options' in December. This just isn't good enough. I'm calling for more trains not less right across the Five Towns.
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling has tried to blame Northern Rail and Network Rail. But it is his Department of Transport that is responsible for this dysfunctional, fragmented railway system where everyone just blames each other, prices go up and services go down.
Across the country ticket prices have gone up by a third in recent years, even though local trains have become more dilapidated and crowded.
The East Coast franchise has collapsed for the third time in a decade since the Tories insisted on privatising it again - even though it made a profit when it was publicly owned. It is the government that insists on putting most of the transport investment into cities rather than towns where new investment is needed most. We need an overhaul of Britain's transport system to get our towns a better transport deal.
On another note, I'd like to say congratulations to all the councillors elected and re-elected throughout Wakefield. Local councils work really hard across the country. In the 100th anniversary year of the first women getting the vote, this election shows Wakefield has come a long way in women's representation too. Twenty years ago, Wakefield was in the bottom five per cent of councils in the country for women's representation as so few councillors were women. Now we have equal numbers representing our area - leading the way for Parliament to follow too.
April 12 Panmure Gordon & Co Plc
* Publication and posting of the scheme document
* Patric Johnson will step down as chief executive officer upon scheme becoming effective and will leave Panmure Gordon
* Bidco intends to appoint Ian Axe to role of chief executive from effective date, subject to regulatory approval. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Friday's proceedings in the Christopher Strawn trial were limited to only a few hours because of court staff scheduling issues.
Capital City Fire/Rescue paramedic Paul Kelly testified about responding to trailer C-16 in the Kodzoff Acres Trailer Park in October 2015.
Kelly was called as a first responder to help someone to suffer from a possible gunshot wound. But the victim, later identified as Brandon Cook, was already dead.
Strawn is being retried in Juneau Superior Court on murder and other charges.
On Thursday, a jury was seated for the trial and the prosecution made its opening statement. Strawn, who is representing himself, did not make an opening statement, but he is cross-examining witnesses.
Juneau Police Sgt. Jeremy Weske also testified Friday. He was one of several officers who responded to the trailer and searched for a shooting suspect.
Strawn will cross-examine Weske on Monday.
Photo of the mobile home at C-16 Kodzoff Acres Trailer Park is presented as evidence during the Christopher Strawn trial on Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Matt Miller/KTOO) Juneau Police Sgt. Jeremy Weske listens to a question during his testimony Oct. 5, 2017, in the Christopher Strawn trial. (Photo by Matt Miller/KTOO) Capital City Fire/Rescue paramedic Paul Kelly listens to a question during his testimony Oct. 5, 2017, in the Christopher Strawn trial. (Photo by Matt Miller/KTOO) Photo of entryway of the mobile home at C-16 Kodzoff Acres Trailer Park is presented as evidence during the Christopher Strawn trial on Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Matt Miller/KTOO) Christopher Strawn addresses Superior Court Judge Philip Pallenberg during his trial Oct. 5, 2017. (Photo by Matt Miller/KTOO) View of Christopher Strawn through a video camera's viewfinder during his trial Oct. 5, 2017, in Juneau Superior Court. (Photo by Matt Miller/KTOO) View of the jury box on Oct. 5, 2017, in the Christopher Strawn trial. (Photo by Matt Miller/KTOO) Assistant District Attorney Amy Paige addresses the jury during her opening statement Oct. 5, 2017, in the Christopher Strawn trial. (Photo by Matt Miller/KTOO)
All Clear on I-70 on the East Side
Fri 3/16, 2:28 PM
Interstate 70 Update: All lanes now open on I-70 EB at Hamilton Rd. The interstate was reduced to one lane for several hours earlier today for a bridge inspection.
I-70 Reduced on the East Side
Interstate 70 EB is reduced to one lane at Hamilton Road for a bridge inspection. Duration: unknown at this time.
Traffic Advisory for Saturday and Sunday
Ohio Department of Transportation
Fri 3/16, 3:15 PM
TRAFFIC ADVISORY
NORTHERN FRANKLIN COUNTY
670 N Franklin
I-670 between Leonard Ave. & 5th Ave.
7 AM SATURDAY & SUNDAY: I-670 EB will be reduced to two lanes for tree clearing.
6 PM: All lanes open each day.
70 Franklin
I-70 between James Rd. and Hamilton Rd.
8 PM SUNDAY: I-70 will be reduced to one lane in both directions for bridge work.
8 PM SUNDAY: The ramp from 70 EB to Hamilton Rd. NB will close. Detour: 70 EB to 270 NB to Main St. WB to 270 SB to 70 EB.
5 AM MONDAY: All lanes open.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_orange-pylons.jpg
Following the news of Wednesday morning's attack on Republican House and Senate baseball players and volunteers, Hollywood celebrities began tweeting that they hope the incident will finally motivate Congress to pass more intensive gun control measures.
Actress and staunch anti-gun advocate Julianne Moore expressed sadness that the shooting had occurred, but made clear she hoped it would lead Congress to “act” on gun control.
I am saddened by this shooting in our US Capitol. Please #Congress, what will it take for you to act?#gunsafety @Everytown @MomsDemand https://t.co/06kE35zgeT — Julianne Moore (@_juliannemoore) June 14, 2017
The Wrap noted that Moore also retweeted comments from The Atlantic editor David Frum, wherein Frum responded to the shooting by criticizing the lack of gun control in Virginia.
Meanwhile, actor Denis O'Hare tweeted a plea for more gun control shortly after news of the shooting broke:
Can we start talking about meaningful Gun Safety Laws now??
Steve Scalise Among 5 Reportedly Shot at Baseball Field https://t.co/qzNIn7Q3JV — Denis O'Hare (@denisohare) June 14, 2017
Actress Rose Perez mentioned that the tradition of the Congressional baseball game reaches back more than 100 years, and is “stained now by [this] senseless act.” She then pushed for more gun control:
#SMH. Over a 100 yrs of bipartisan tradition stained now by senseless act-Prayers to 4 victims-Will USA ever take #EndGunViolence seriously? https://t.co/Q7Yzd7vP4q — Rosie Perez (@rosieperezbklyn) June 14, 2017
Comedian and Billy on the Street host Billy Eichner suggested that representatives who did not support gun control after the Sandy Hook Elementary attack may change their minds now that “one of their own”–Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA)–was shot.
Congress didn't care when 20 young children were shot dead at Sandy Hook. Will they care when one of their own gets shot? I doubt it. — billy eichner (@billyeichner) June 14, 2017
Actress Mia Farrow also quickly focused on guns in the immediate aftermath of the attack:
too many guns,
too easy to get,
too easy to kill — Mia Farrow (@MiaFarrow) June 14, 2017
Please can we have a civil, balenced, bipartisan conversation about gun violence? Let's try to save lives. — Mia Farrow (@MiaFarrow) June 14, 2017
Breitbart News previously reported that actor Jeffery Wright reacted to the attack by saying America has “too many stupid asses” with “too many f*cking guns.”
Too many stupid asses in our country with too many fucking guns. — Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) June 14, 2017
Rep. Scalise remained in critical condition in a Washington D.C.-area hospital following the shooting, which also injured three others, including a Congressional aide and two Capitol Police officers. Follow Breitbart News's live-wire for up-to-the minute updates on the incident.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
MBABANE – A police officer who also plays for the Royal Leopards team spent his Easter weekend behind bars after he was charged with theft of property to the value of E6 600.
Sabelo Sangweni who is based at Matsapha (Esigodvweni Police Station) is said to have committed the theft at one of the drinking spots at Ezulwini.
He allegedly committed the crime in February and the property belonged to Ambose Twebaze from Uganda who resides at Nkoyoyo.
Some of the items which will be used as exhibits by the police were fetched from his parental home at Bhunya on Sunday.
Sangweni was apprehended by the police when he visited the scene of the crime and the security guards stationed there identified him to being the person they saw on the day taking the IPad phone, hard drive, laptop and laptop bag.
Information gathered is that the police were still investigating the theft as the security cameras could not identify who had stolen the property.
He then arrived at night to enjoy drinks with friends and the security guards called the police from Lobamba Police Station and informed them that the suspect was in the premises and his colleagues picked him up and arrested him.
By yesterday they were still gathering all the stolen property and they were being directed by Sangweni.
These things had been placed on the table by Twebaze and he went away for a few minutes and found his property missing.
Sangweni had to miss a game his team was playing yesterday as he is in police custody to appear in court today (Tuesday).
Superintendent Khulani Mamba, the Chief Police Information and Communications Officer confirmed that one of their own had been arrested and charged with theft.
“Sangweni will be sent to court tomorrow (today) and he is charged with theft of property to the value of E6 600. It is true that he has also spent some time in the holding cells at Lobamba Police Station as the police were continuing with their investigations,” Mamba said.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – The owner of a new pool cleaning business in Knoxville has angered quite a few people. When the company started in April, it got lots of customers, but now many of them are complaining about their service.
Six people called WATE 6 On Your Side with the same story that the pool cleaner only showed up once or twice. Cleaning a pool takes time and there's also a cost involved with the chemicals needed to keep the water clear and clean.
Knoxville Pool Cleaning offered a half-off early bird special in early May on Facebook. Several people paid in advance for the service, but received little for their money.
Buster Martin paid a man to clean his South Knoxville pool this summer. Yet, Martin has had to clean his backyard pool every week himself.
In Lenoir City, the water in Connie Garner's pool is green with the chlorine and pH levels incorrect. She can't swim in the water. Yet, she too paid to have her pool maintained this summer.
Both Martin and Garner hired Arron Shaw to do the work. He owns and operates Knoxville Pool Cleaning. They both signed a contract with Shaw in May and paid upfront.
“I paid $399. That was a season pass, it says 50 percent off. With tax, I paid $435,” said Garner.
“I paid him $434 for the summer to clean my pool and he's just taken off,” said Martin.
Martin said Shaw was supposed to put chemicals in the pool and vacuum it once a week all summer.
“He's blocked my phone calls and he won't answer me back now,” said Martin.
“The only thing they have actually done is dip out some leaves and put them over there on the grass and put one stick of chlorine it. As you can see, the sides are still dirty, you can't see the bottom,” said Garner.
“I had two agreements with him. One was for cleaning, the second was for the pool cover,” said Derrick Hurley.
In Maryville, Derrick Hurley met Shaw last year when Shaw owned a company known as Knoxville Pools and Spa. Shaw was paid $5,000 to replace a big pool cover at Hurley's father-in-law's home in Knoxville.
“The last conversation I had with Arron, he said, ‘Oh, I thought my guys installed that, call me back later today and I'll get you an update.' Never answered the phone again,” said Hurley.
Hurley took Shaw to court. Shaw lost, but never paid up.
Hurley has investigated the website for Shaw's new business, Knoxville Pool Cleaning, and points to the date of the photo of the truck – 2009.
“You basically got Photoshop going on here, where he's taken a generic looking swimming truck. He's put his company name on it. The phone number, the URL of the website, wasn't even formed until March of 2017,” he said.
WATE 6 On Your Side has not been able to reach Shaw.
“I trusted him, I believed him. He encouraged me on the phone that he was going to take good care of me,” said Garner.
“I want my money back. That's all I want is my money back,” said Martin.
“I'm disappointed in him. I hope he knows Jesus,” Garner said with a laugh.
People found out about Knoxville Pool Cleaning on Facebook, but if it's a new service, you really don't know what you are getting. The Better Business Bureau is a good place to turn for information about a company's reputation, and there are many excellent pool cleaning services in East Tennessee.
Also, when a service asks for money upfront and you have to pay in advance, that's a red flag. Thing twice before using the service.
By Hayden Wright
The video for Maroon 5's “Cold” is on its way and to whet their fan's appetites the band released a teaser featuring Adam Levine and his Victoria's Secret model wife Behati Prinsloo. In the clip, Levine recounts an acid trip triggered by a strange incident during a night out.
“It was weird. Somebody slipped something into my drink,” Levine says. “I think it was acid because I started tripping balls. Future turned into a teddy bear and James was getting blown by a chicken. It was crazy.”
Related: Adam Levine to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
“I got arrested when the cops came, but they weren't really the cops,” he says. “It was like this adorable little cartoon stripper and she gave me an adorable little cartoon lap dance. That was weird, and then these two girls pulled me into a room for a threesome.”
The twisted tale goes on and on, perhaps signaling some spoilers for the full video. In the teaser, disinterested Prinsloo just wants to go back to bed.
Ashfield District council is set to enforce rules banning homemade cemetery kerb sets in the district's cemeteries.
The authority's cabinet has been recommended to approve the move at a meeting on Monday.
Waste and environment portfolio holder, councillor Tim Brown, said: “A review on the implications of kerb sets in Ashfield cemeteries was necessary to address concerns from visitors and staff alike in relation to maintenance issues.
He added: “We recognise that this is a highly emotive topic and will address it in a sensitive and considerate manner to enable us to maintain the district's cemeteries more effectively for everyone.”
A report presented to the meeting says homemade kerb sets are not permitted in the council's cemeteries because of the significant difficulties they can cause for mourners and funeral operators accessing neighbouring graves, as well as inhibiting grass cutting and maintenance and potentially causing injury.
The council has also received complaints that the sets sometimes encroach on other plots.
Where homemade kerb sets have been placed on graves, the cemetery keeper does not carry out any maintenance and this leaves plots looking untidy and uncared for.
Ashfield District Council provides lawn type graves, maintained at no expense to the grave owner. Headstones are permitted and can have a marble or granite vase plate on which flowers or wreaths can be placed. For maintenance reasons, nothing else is allowed to be placed or grown on or around the grave.
The report adds: “The council is keen to ensure that all of its cemeteries are well maintained and provide appropriate peace and tranquillity for all visitors. In recent years, there have been some maintenance difficulties from the number of homemade kerb sets around a number of the grave plots.
“The Council recognises that bereaved families have their individual wishes for their loved-one's burial place and that it can be upsetting when this is at odds with what is and is not permitted, however the regulations are there to ensure a safe and well-kept environment for all who visit the cemetery.”
The Council will also look to work with community groups to explore options for providing a memorial/reflection area or community garden in each cemetery to allow grieving relatives, friends and visitors to place items of remembrance for their loved ones.
Ryan Reynolds is offering his condolences to the family of the stuntwoman who died Monday on the set of Deadpool 2.
“Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool,” the film's star tweeted. “We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated… but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment. My heart pours out to them — along with each and every person she touched in this world.”
The female stunt driver, who has not yet been identified, died during a motorcycle stunt, the Vancouver Police Department previously confirmed in a statement to PEOPLE. Officers responded to the scene of the accident earlier in the day, along with officers from WorkSafeBC.
This was the stunt driver's first film as a stunt performer, according to Deadline, which reported that she was a motorcross expert and was not wearing a helmet during the scene because her character does not wear a helmet.
“We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning,” 20th Century Fox said in a statement. “Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
The Vancouver Sun reported that the accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday. Witnesses told the outlet that the woman lost control of her bike during a stunt, jumped a curb and crashed through a plate-glass window at Shaw Tower. She was reportedly treated by ambulance personnel but police said she died at the scene.
According to Metro News, the stunt driver narrowly missed hitting two pedestrians when she lost control of the bike.
Witness of Deadpool 2 crash: motorbike picked up speed, missed pedestrians https://t.co/W237VlDggr pic.twitter.com/cyDhCZSmvP — Metro Vancouver (@vancouvermetro) August 14, 2017
An eyewitness told the outlet that the stunt driver completed several rehearsals of the stunt, which involved driving a motorcycle down two ramps across several stairs, earlier that morning.
“She came out, went down the two flights of stairs, and it looked like she kind of hit the throttle because she picked up speed,” Nathan Kramchynski told Metro News.
“She was going full throttle,” he added, noting that it appeared as if the driver “missed two pedestrians” during the failed stunt.
CTV News reported that the lights and sirens of the ambulance were not turned on as it pulled away with the stuntwoman onboard.
Stunt person hurt on set of Deadpool 2 loaded into Advanced Life Support ambulance that hasn't moved. Anxious crew looking on. @CTVVancouver pic.twitter.com/iTU2awp7Qs — Ben Miljure (@CTVNewsBen) August 14, 2017
Ambulance has left set of Deadpool 2 with injured stunt person. Lights and sirens were not on as it pulled away. @CTVVancouver pic.twitter.com/iMheLitA7q — Ben Miljure (@CTVNewsBen) August 14, 2017
Reynolds, who's reprising his role as Deadpool in the sequel, tweeted a photo with members of the Vancouver Police Department last week, jokingly thanking them for their support in filming Spider-Man.
Thank you #VPD. And the great people of Vancouver for putting up with road closures and traffic delays as we film Spider-Man downtown. pic.twitter.com/EweL1TtM2k — Ryan Reynolds (@VancityReynolds) August 8, 2017
Just last month, John Bernecker, a stuntman on The Walking Dead, died after sustaining “serious injuries” on the AMC drama's Georgia set.
The stuntman and actor, who also worked on The Fate of the Furious and Logan, was placed on life support after suffering massive head injuries that left him brain dead.
Sources told Deadline that Bernecker and an actor were rehearsing a fight scene that was supposed to end with a routine fall from a balcony, but he lost his footing and fell 30 ft. to concrete floor.
Deadpool 2 is set to hit theaters in 2018, and The Walking Dead is currently set to return for season 8 in October.
The Christ Church Cathedral in Indianapolis exhibited a “symbolic” protest against the Trump administration's “zero tolerance” immigration policy that led to immigrant children being separated from their parents.
Monday, the church placed their Mary, Joseph, and baby Jesus nativity figures in a cage which they say was an ICE detention cell.
The Christ Church Cathedral named the event the #EveryFamilyIsHoly campaign and its purpose is to “bring awareness to the humanitarian atrocities from our nation's ‘zero-tolerance' immigration policies on the border and here in Indianapolis.
Stephen Carlsen, dean and rector of Christ Church Cathedral, told Fox News the demonstration would remain outside the church for “however long it's needed.”
Mary Joseph and Jesus locked up on monument circle. Christ Church cathedral compares the Christian holy family to the incarceration of immigrant families @WTHRcom pic.twitter.com/WGQDpbJV59 — Rich Van Wyk (@VanwykWTHR) July 3, 2018
The post Church puts baby Jesus in a cage as a statement about family separations appeared first on 850 WFTL.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process — the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. He lost his job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on his longtime trainer and his "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Dan Gelston, The Associated Press
CTV Atlantic
Stock Transportation has hired security officers to keep an eye on students at 15 Halifax-area schools until their teachers arrive at work.
The Halifax Regional School Board says changes to bus schedules have resulted in students arriving before teachers.
“We have in some cases some schools where students are arriving to class late, so we've asked Stock Transportation, our bus provider, to address that issue,” says school board spokesperson Doug Hadley. “One of the ways that they've been able to come forward and address the issue in 15 of our schools is us to implement some earlier arrival times.”
Monday morning, students at Harry R. Hamilton Elementary School arrived to school between 7:35 and 7:50. But teachers aren't required to be there until 7:40, so Hadley says some students would have been left unattended without the security guards.
“It's a measure that's going to be in place between now and June, and we expect over the next few days they'll get to know these people by name. It'll be the same person, and hopefully they'll just become part of the school community,” says Hadley.
But it's not sitting well with some parents.
“I think our children aren't prisoners. They shouldn't have security guards watching them,” says parent Sarah Fitzgerald.
“I would rather teachers, but if they aren't going to be here, if that's what they have to do to protect my kids, then that's fine with me. But of course, the kids would prefer teachers too,” says another parent.
The school board says it was a solution Stock Transportation brought forward, and the busing company will be the ones footing the bill.
The Nova Scotia Department of Education says they're aware of the adjustment, and that it's "not unusual for outside supervisory services to be used at schools" when they may be needed.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Laura Brown.
* NSE, BSE indexes up about 0.3 pct
* Value-buying seen across sectors - analyst
* Yes Bank slumps on bad loan worries
By Darshana Sankararaman
April 20 Indian shares rose on Thursday as investors picked beaten down counters, including technology stocks that lost ground on disappointing quarterly results from software services exporters Infosys Ltd and Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.
The NSE index has fallen about 1.7 percent since it hit a record high on April 5.
However, an official forecast of an average monsoon in 2017 and expectations of positive quarterly results are expected to push markets higher in the near-term, said analysts.
"An extended period of consolidation over the last one week has rendered stocks slightly cheaper compared to previous month levels. That may have attracted some bargain hunting," said Anand James, chief market strategist at Geojit Financial Services.
Infosys Ltd, which lost about 5 percent on a lower-than-expected revenue guidance, was up 0.7 percent, while Tech Mahindra Ltd rose 1 percent, rebounding from five days of declines.
"Markets are now able to look beyond IT stocks, which have been a slight disappointment," he said.
The broader NSE index was up 0.35 percent at 9,135.15 by 0645 GMT, after dropping for five straight sessions.
The benchmark BSE index was 0.30 percent higher at 29,424.41.
State-run lenders too recovered from recent falls, with the Nifty PSU bank index gaining as much as 1.5 percent.
It fell 1.7 percent in the previous session.
Private sector lender Yes Bank Ltd lost as much as 5.3 percent after it reported a 66 percent surge in provisions for bad loans. ICICI Bank Ltd and Axis Bank Ltd were down about 2 percent each. (Reporting By Darshana Sankararaman in Bengaluru; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SEATTLE — Before Sonics faithful and Sodo arena lovers rejoice over professor Justin Marlowe's findings, you might want to talk to him. His study found the city of Seattle could rake in three times the amount of tax revenue from Sodo compared to KeyArena.
“It's people with really, really strong feelings that are difficult to quantify,” he said.
Marlowe is with the University of Washington's Public Policy School, and Sodo arena investor Chris Hansen's group paid his department to compare the financial deals.
On one side, Hansen's plans in Sodo and on the other, Oakview Group, who wants to renovate KeyArena and has the backing of the mayor and City Council.
“Part of the reason we did this study (is) because we felt there wasn't a lot of information out there on the public financing and the impact of public financing,” he said.
By that, he means the benefits of what Seattle gets from each plan.
The 3-to-1 return figure is helped in part because Sodo would be all-private and not a city asset.
Marlowe says it's a good headline for Hansen, but not the whole story.
“Supporters and opponents are looking for whatever evidence they have to make them feel good or not good about any particular proposal,” he said.
Of course, Sodo would bring more money in — simply because KeyArena is a public building. Seattle can't pay itself taxes.
Securing a better KeyArena is a council legacy move, not entirely just about money. That's tough to quantify but makes a difference to the council because they have to be stewards of the building.
There's also the issue that if Sodo is never built, Hansen could build something else — and he's paying for property taxes no matter what.
That's just a small part of what Marlowe took into account
“Even small changes like when you would get a team, for example, or what the average attendance would be,” he said.
But is the study actually independent? Hansen paid for it, but Marlowe answered honestly. The results are indeed positive for Sodo. But even if they were bad, Hansen couldn't keep them secret.
“We had said early on that if we're going to do this, it's going to be made public,” he said.
He just wants everyone to know — before a vote.
“Take a look at the spreadsheet. Take a look at the numbers. Run your own numbers,” he pleaded.
The council also voted to support OVG and the mayor as they negotiate for a Memorandum of Understanding; the KeyArena plan could get a vote by the end of the year.
The city said the MOU should be released on September 12.
April 10 Cargill Inc:
* Golden Growers Cooperative - co, Cargill,American Crystal Sugar Co entered into consent agreement dated as of April 4, to be effective on Jan 1, 2018
* Golden Growers Cooperative - agreement relating to lease of progold's wet-milling facility to Cargill, co's interested in Progold Ltd Liability Co
* Golden Growers Cooperative -Progold,Cargill entered into second amended facility lease and Cargill,American Crystal entered into option agreement as of April 4
* Golden Growers Cooperative -under consent agreement, co approves, consents to transfer of 50pct interest in progold from American Crystal to Cargill in event cargill exercises its option Source text:(bit.ly/2orYCdx) Further company coverage:
Ajit Pai, Chairman of U.S Federal Communications Commission, delivers his keynote speech at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 28, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission plans to reverse an Obama era decision that allowed it to approve companies to offer government-subsidized telecommunications services to low-income families, the agency's Republican head said on Wednesday.
FCC chairman Ajit Pai has said telecoms service providers exploited loopholes in the "Lifeline" program for their own gain and states should decide which companies provide the internet, mobile phone and fixed line services to poorer Americans.
Democrats say Pai's moves are aimed at winding down the program, but Pai has said he just wants to reform Lifeline to prevent fraud.
On Wednesday Pai said the commission would not approve about three dozen pending applications from companies that wanted to join Lifeline. He said the agency would not defend prior FCC actions with regards the program in a case pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals.
Twelve states have challenged the FCC's order before the appeals court allowing the agency to approve companies to offer services. Pai said the FCC would ask the court to send the case back to the agency so it can reverse the decision and let states take the lead on approving companies.
"Congress gave state governments, not the FCC, the primary responsibility for approving which companies can participate in the Lifeline," Pai said.
Putting the approval process in the hands of state utility commissions is essential to police against fraud, he added.
A group of U.S. House Democrats said Pai's decision was an effort "to inflict death by a thousand cuts" to Lifeline, which has provided more than $1.5 billion in annual subsidies in recent years.
"Through lawyerly maneuvering, the FCC is trying to disguise its efforts to eliminate a system designed to make it easier for anyone who needs access too broadband to get it," they said in a statement.
In March 2016, the FCC voted to expand the $9.25 a month telephone subsidy to include internet access. Pai said over 3.5 million Americans were currently receiving subsidized broadband service through Lifeline from 259 providers.
The FCC has estimated that 95 percent of U.S. households with incomes of at least $150,000 have access to high-speed internet, while less than half of households with incomes lower than $25,000 have Internet access at home.
FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn said Wednesday Pai's decision means "low-income Americans will have less choice for Lifeline broadband, and potential providers who want to serve low-income Americans will face greater barriers to entry and regulatory uncertainty."
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Monday at 3, Scott Burton hosts A Juneau Afternoon;
Peter Metcalfe will be here to highlight the new publication, 150 Reasons Why We Love Alaska;
We'll talk with Jim Powell about an upcoming forum on Sexual Harassment in Alaska;
We'll get an update on police activities with guest, Chief Ed Mercer;
That, Bird Note, music, and much more, Monday on A Juneau Afternoon;
Live on KTOO at 3, repeated at 4, and available on demand, on-line via ktoo.org
Tune in to Mind Over Matter on KTOO this coming Monday evening at 7pm to hear local advocates discuss the pros and cons of restorative justice and how it can repair the harm caused by crime. When victims, offenders and community members meet, the results can be transformational. So join Dr. Elaine Schroeder and her guests ‎this Monday evening on KTOO at 7pm for this month's edition of Mind Over Matter learn more about this innovative and humane approach to justice.
April 3 The National Hockey League said on Monday it will not participate in the 2018 Olympics in South Korea.
The NHL said in a statement it is finalizing a schedule for its 2017-18 regular season without any break to accommodate the Pyeongchang Games and considers the matter "officially closed." (Reporting by Frank Pingue in Augusta, Georgia, editing by Gene Cherry)
UPDATE 1-Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC) and accepted responsibility for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Wow. All any fan can say is that one word following one of the greatest games in the past decade. High scoring, nail-biter ending, and not once did anyone know for sure what the outcome would be until the clock hit zero in the 4th quarter. The Pittsburgh Steelers defeated the Baltimore Ravens 39-38 to clinch the AFC North against the Ravens in Pittsburgh for the second straight year.
This game was full of fantastic performances from both teams, from Ravens running back Alex Collins' break out performance to Le'Veon Bell's 125 yards from scrimmage, and three touchdowns, to Antonio Brown putting up 213 receiving yards. However, while it was a hard decision to make, the Player of the Game award for this week goes to quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
For the third time in his career, Roethlisberger put up 500+ yards, making him the only quarterback in NFL history to do so. His final stat count was 44 (most completions in his career) for 66, 506 yards and two touchdowns.
Besides statistics, Roethlisberger proved to all the critics that he still has what it takes to lead his team to the playoffs, and maybe even the Superbowl. Following his horrendous five-interception performance against the Jaguars in week five, Roethlisberger has slowly improved more and more, and he hit an all-time high at Heinz against the Ravens.
Roethlisberger was threading passes that he was doing in his prime, and was showing that he still even has a mobile capability, proving that he still is the immaculate play extender he always has been.
While this all was very impressive, the comeback he leads in the 4th quarter was nothing short of breathtaking. He never laid down when the challenge got too large, even when the deficit grew to what is too much to handle for others, Roethlisberger never gave in and delivered the AFC North title to “The ‘Burgh” once more.
Now, the Steelers must look on to the challenge they have waited for all year next week, the New England Patriots. While the game will be a challenge, a poised offense like the one that was seen Sunday night may just be able to pull off the task.
LONDON, April 3 Pan-European bourse Euronext said it will use a Dutch unit of the Intercontinental Exchange to process its derivatives transactions after the purchase of its current clearing house collapsed.
Clearing ensures a transaction is completed even if one side of the trade goes bust. A wider range of derivatives transactions will have to be cleared to improve market safety and transparency.
Euronext, which operates exchanges in Paris, Amsterdam, Lisbon and Brussels, currently uses LCH SA, the Paris-based clearing unit of the London Stock Exchange Group, which it wanted to buy for 510 million euros ($544 million).
After the LSE's planned merger with Deutsche Boerse was vetoed by European Union competition officials last week, the LSE cancelled the clearing unit sale.
With Euronext's contract with LCH expiring at the end of 2018, the bourse operator had to find an alternative quickly, and on Monday said it was signing a 10-year deal with ICE Clear Netherlands to clear its derivatives and commodities contracts from the second half of next year.
Euronext will invest 10 million euros in ICE Clear, and said headline clearing fees would be cut by 15 percent.
"Overall, this represents a long term, open access, sustainable and innovative euro zone based clearing proposition for Euronext and its customers," the Paris headquartered bourse said in a statement.
Euronext had already begun offering customers the ability to clear their stock trades on EuroCCP, in which the exchange bought a 20 percent stake, as an alternative to LCH.
Euronext accounts for about half of LCH's French business. Shares in LSE were slightly down in early trading. ($1 = 0.9374 euros) (Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Susan Thomas)
“Generally when I tell someone I am a professional knife thrower it's met with a surprised reaction and then a lot of questions,” says Sergeant Chris Miller, with the Texas Department of Criminal Justice Offender Transportation Division.
Miller started throwing knives in June 2012 after watching an episode of “Top Shot.” He became interested in the sport while watching a host teach the contestants how to throw.
Miller says he thought it might be fun to learn how to throw so he bought some knives and began practicing.
In October 2012, Sgt. Miller participated in his first competition at the International Knife Throwers Hall of Fame World Championships where he won his first of three World Championships. He also has three United States National titles along with numerous awards and titles from around the world. He is a member of the International Knife Throwers Hall of Fame and on its Board of Directors.
“I throw all year but when I'm preparing for a major competition I'll start practicing about three months ahead of time for about thirty minutes a day,” said Sgt. Miller. “Then about a month before the competition I'll increase my practice time to about an hour a day and then to about two or three hours a day as it gets closer,” says Miller.
Sgt. Miller says practice is all about paying attention to form and building up an endurance to throwing about 500 knives daily.
"Most of my co-workers know what I do for fun and think it's a unique skill to have,” said Sgt. Miller
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
March 30 East West Banking:
* Refers and clarifies on news article entitled “East West prepares succession plan” posted in Philstar.com on March 30, 2017
* Response to query on the article, co wish to inform that bank had not made any appointment as of time of newspaper reports Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 12 The yield on U.S. 30-year Treasury bonds rose briefly as soft results at a $12 billion auction of the 30-year issue temporarily pared investor appetite for long-dated government debt.
At 1:29 p.m. Eastern time (1729 GMT), the 30-year yield was 2.929 percent, little changed from late on Tuesday, Reuters data showed.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chris Reese)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Honda car assembly plant is pictured in Celaya, in Guanajuato state, Mexico, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
The Honda car assembly plant is pictured in Celaya, in Guanajuato state, Mexico, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
The Honda car assembly plant is pictured in Celaya, in Guanajuato state, Mexico, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Workers of assembly factories shift change at an industrial zone in Tijuana, Mexico, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Duenes
Workers of assembly factories shift change at an industrial zone in Tijuana, Mexico, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Duenes
MEXICO CITY The election of Donald Trump as U.S. president last year raised the specter of economic recession in Mexico, sent the country's peso into a tailspin, and threatened local industry such as car making.
But four months on, Mexican automobile output is accelerating fast, unemployment is at a nine-year low, and the peso has been one of the world's best-performing currencies in 2017.
Since diplomatic ties reached a nadir in January with the cancellation of Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto's planned meeting with Trump, business confidence has slowly returned.
Fears that Trump could tear up the NAFTA trade treaty have subsided, and so far the hit to foreign investment has been slight, said Gilberto Fimbres, head of Mexican employers' federation Coparmex in the northern border city of Tijuana.
"The storm of the great talker, the big negotiator, descended on us," he said. "Then it turns out that all these great things, the great threat, weren't so great in the end."
Instead, Mexican auto production leapt 36 percent in March, capping the strongest start to any year since 2011. The same month, growth in new manufacturing orders was the highest in six months, the Markit Purchasing Managers' Index showed.
As a result, areas most exposed to the threat of a trade war are now looking ahead with cautious optimism.
Baja California, a major draw for manufacturers supplying the U.S. market, expects to book $2.7 billion in foreign direct investment (FDI) this year, up from about $2.5 billion in 2016, said Carlo Bonfante, the border state's economy minister.
Companies investing in the state this year includes China's Kunshan Eson Precision Engineering, Korea-based electronic components maker INZI DISPLAY, and U.S. drinks company Constellation Brands although its plans are facing opposition from local farmers worried about water supply.
In Guanajuato state in central Mexico, a car making hub, the industry is likely to create some 20,000 new jobs this year, an increase of about 10 percent from 2016, said Alfredo Arzola, director of the local automotive cluster.
Arzola declined to give specific examples, saying that "absolutely all" the auto sector companies in Guanajuato, which include General Motors, Honda and Volkswagen, were adding jobs.
Broader surveys present a similar picture.
A poll of 868 foreign and domestic executives by consultancy KPMG showed 58 percent planned to expand operations in Mexico in the next three years, up three percentage points from a year earlier. Though published in March, the survey was conducted November-December at the height of uncertainty over Trump.
Maurizio Rosa, chief executive of Codan Rubber Mexico, a maker of hoses for the automotive industry, said his worries about Trump began to fade when U.S. clients persuaded him that Mexico was indispensable to their business.
"If you take away the low-cost parts the U.S. buys from Mexico, it's going to be very difficult for them," said Rosa, who expects Codan's sales to rise around 30 percent this year.
Rosa declined to name his clients, but said they included parts suppliers to global automakers including Nissan, Fiat Chrysler and Ford.
Risks to economic growth still loom, including government spending cuts, rising interest rates, low oil production, and lingering fears over Trump's plan to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between Mexico, the United States and Canada.
Trump's threats to slap import tariffs on Mexican-made cars in the weeks after his victory pummeled the peso. However, the currency's slump helped spur a revival in exports and tourism.
Concern about NAFTA still clouds investment, and on March 31 the government cut its 2017 growth forecast by 0.7 points to around 1.8 percent.
Still, private sector economists who cut growth forecasts last year on fears Trump could choke the economy are starting to revise up estimates, citing stronger data and a softer tone from U.S. officials over trade in recent weeks.
Much depends on consumer sentiment, which hit a record low when Trump took office in January, the same month the government ushered in an inflation-boosting gasoline price hike.
But the more conciliatory U.S. tone, a drop in unemployment to its lowest rate since December 2007, and the peso's appreciation over the past 2 1/2 months have helped confidence rebound.
(Reporting by Dave Graham and Michael O'Boyle; editing by Christian Plumb and Clive McKeef)
'Mukha namang makakahinga na tayo nang mas mabuti, mga nanay at tatay,' says Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque
Published 3:42 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Malacañang on Saturday, February 3, backed the findings of an expert panel that said only 3 deaths of children were found to have a "causal association" with dengue vaccine Dengvaxia.
In a media briefing on Saturday, Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque noted the findings of the panel from the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital (UP-PGH) on the Dengvaxia case.
"Itong unang report po nila mukha namang makakahinga na tayo nang mas mabuti, mga nanay at tatay, dahil mukhang hindi po related sa Dengavaxia iyong katorse na naulat na namatay di-umano dahil diyan sa bakunang iyan," Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque said on Saturday, February 3.
(Their first report provides a bit of relief for parents because it doesn't look like the 14 deaths were caused by the Dengvaxia vaccine.)
The UP-PGH panel found that, of the 14 deaths being linked to Dengvaxia, 3 were found to have a causal relation, meaning they died of dengue despite being vaccinated. Two of the 3 deaths may have been because of vaccine failure, said Department of Health (DOH) Undersecretary Enrique Domingo.
"Ibig sabihin, hindi gumana iyong Dengvaxia. Pero 'yan po ay mabuting balita doon sa 830,000 na mga nanay/tatay na naa-abala at natatakot na baka may banta sa buhay ng kanilang mga anak," Roque said.
(It means the vaccine did not work. But that is good news to the parents of the 830,000 children who are worried that the lives of their children are at risk.)
UP-PGH vs PAO
The UP-PGH's findings are in contrast with the alarming pronouncements of the Public Attorney's Office (PAO) that they saw a bleeding pattern in the autopsies they conducted on the 14 children.
PAO was tasked by the Department of Justice (DOJ) to investigate the deaths. Senator Vicente Sotto III had admonished the move to task PAO to conduct the case buildup, as they are not a medical group.
"Kasi kung hindi maganda ang background ng investigation… or even ng nag-iimbestiga at 'di mga scientific expert talaga, pagdating sa mga korte, patay tayo, 'di ba? Doon tayo matotodas talaga,” Sotto said.
(Because if the background of the investigation or the people behind the investigation aren't scientific experts, then we will be at a disadvantage when the case goes to court, right? We'd really lose the battle there.)
UP-PGH forensic pathologist Dr Maria Cecilia Lim explained internal bleeding is not a unique condition for dengue cases.
PAO chief Persida Acosta refused to involve UP-PGH experts in their investigation, saying that they cannot let a DOH-sanctioned group to participate when the DOH itself is being made accountable for the controversy. – Rappler.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Autopsies released by Arizona authorities have confirmed that the baby and toddler found dead while strapped in their car seats in a vehicle in March perished from exposure, multiple outlets report.
According to the autopsy, which was released by the Tuesday by the Pinal County Medical Examiner's Office and obtained by multiple outlets, there was no evidence of trauma and no drugs in the systems of 2-year-old Lorenzo Velasquez and 9-month-old Brooklyn Velazquez, according to the Associated Press.
Brittany Velasquez, 21, the mother of the children, has been charged with second-degree murder and two counts of child abuse, and has pleaded not guilty, the Arizona Republic reports.
On March 26, authorities responded to a call at about 11:15 p.m. “after two children … were found deceased in a vehicle,” according to a statement from the Pinal County Sheriff's Office obtained by PEOPLE, which added that “both children were found in the vehicle strapped in their car seats.”
The autopsies state that officials from the sheriff's office alleged Velasquez had left the baby in the car at least twice in the past “for a prolonged period of time,” the AP reports.
The outlet also reports that the temperature the day they were found dead rose to 75 degrees, according to the National Weather Service.
Brooklyn and Christopher Velasquez GoFundMe
Two months before the kids died, Velasquez's family told authorities the young mom was having difficulties taking care of them, PEOPLE learned in March.
Velasquez was investigated by the Arizona Department of Child Safety twice for alleged neglect, and local police visited the house multiple times over the last few years, sometimes after calls from a concerned relative, ACB15 reported in March.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Brittany Velasquez Pinal County Sheriff's Office
In a statement to PEOPLE in March, the DCS confirmed they received two reports of alleged neglect in the past but found no evidence of abuse.
Family members told local media Velasquez was mentally unstable.
In an interview with local station FOX10, Velasquez's brother, Vincent, alleged his sister had been suffering from mental illness since she was young. Calling her “deranged,” Vincent told the station she allegedly refused to get help.
In its statement to PEOPLE, DCS said: “While there were concerns raised regarding Ms. Velasquez's previous mental health, no evidence was presented by anyone that indicated mental health issues were impeding Ms. Velasquez's ability to parent.”
In a jailhouse interview with FOX10 approximately two weeks after the deaths, Velasquez said she left her kids with a babysitter the day they died, and said she felt “betrayed” by the sitter.
But according to court documents obtained by the outlet, Velasquez never left her kids with a sitter. Velazquez had at one point also allegedly blamed the children's grandparents, accoriding to the court documents.
PEOPLE was unable to reach an attorney for her. She is scheduled for an Aug. 10 pretrial conference, according to online jail records.
A A
CA MAU, Vietnam — It could have been 1969 again as Secretary of State John Kerry stood on the bow of the small boat chugging up the Bay Hap River on Saturday, the wind billowing his sleeves and his eyes darting left and right toward banks shrouded in dark foliage.
As a young Navy lieutenant, Kerry commanded a Swift boat along this stretch of churning brown waters in the middle of a free-fire zone. Here, he earned a Silver Star for his heroics when he leapt ashore after an ambush to pursue a fleeing Viet Cong with a grenade launcher and shot him dead.
Now, some 48 years later and with the rapid approach of sunset on a political career spanning almost four decades, Kerry was about to be yanked back to that time, and come face-to-face with a Viet Cong soldier who had taken part in the ambush.
Aides escorted Vo Ban Tam to greet Kerry on the dock, beside a row of blue tourist boats. Tam at 70 is three years younger than Kerry. He was Viet Cong in the communist stronghold of Ca Mau, one of the enemy lying in the tall grasses waiting to entrap unprotected, thin-skinned river patrol boats like Kerry's.
Tam apparently had been tracked down by U.S. consulate officials and invited to meet the U.S. secretary of state he once tried to kill.
Speaking through a translator, Tam said that he had known the man whom Kerry had chased and killed in the firefight of Feb. 28, 1969.
His name was Ba Thanh, and he was 24 years old.
“He was a good soldier,” Tam told Kerry, explaining the training and skill required to handle an R-40 grenade launcher.
Up until that moment, all Kerry knew was that he had shot a Viet Cong soldier. Suddenly, the soldier took shape as a man, with a name and a set of skills that he had used against Kerry and his crew. And Kerry suddenly knew his age.
Tam, a successful shrimp and crab producer in Vietnam's southernmost province, had in effect exonerated Kerry from one of the more stinging attacks his opponents raised when Kerry ran for president in 2004. His war record was repeatedly denigrated by political enemies who questioned whether he deserved the Silver Star, Bronze Star and three Purple Hearts he was awarded. They charged that he did nothing particularly heroic in Ca Mau and that the Viet Cong he shot was just a teenage boy.
That the Viet Cong was a man of 24, two years younger than Kerry at the time but old enough to be a credible threat, effectively negated the naysayers' narrative.
Kerry stared hard at the man in the white ball cap standing before him, the river's water reflecting off his sunglasses as he peppered Tam with questions and eagerly gobbled up details about a defining incident in his life. Tam told Kerry the Viet Cong could hear the Swift boats coming from 3,000 feet away, and he gently suggested the lumbering Americans never stood a chance.
“We were guerrillas,” he said. “We were never where you were shooting.”
“I'm glad we're both alive,” Kerry told him as they shook hands, each putting two hands into the gesture.
Kerry's encounter with Tam was the emotional peak of his two-day stop in Vietnam on Kerry's final trip as secretary of state. His office in Foggy Bottom is packed and ready to be shipped to Boston.
It is doubtful the longtime senator from Massachusetts will ever run for public office again, but he will continue to work on climate change and environmental issues, and he is particularly concerned about the effect of rising sea levels and hydroelectric dams on the rivers in the lower Mekong Delta. When he wasn't looking at the riverbank for some familiar marker from long ago, he was engrossed in conversation with a local scientist who said the effect of rising salinity and dams upstream brought once-in-100-year drought last year and threatened livelihoods.
Kerry says he will return to Vietnam, a country where he is treated as a returning prodigal son. Many here know Kerry and Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., who spent six years as a POW in Vietnam, for their work normalizing relations and helping transform enmity into friendship. Vietnamese officials regularly bestow big hugs on Kerry at the end of meetings, and civilians wait in the rain to watch him leave a restaurant. A local delegation that greeted him Saturday at the “delighted” that he has returned.
“John Kerry loves Vietnam, and Vietnam loves John Kerry,” said Ed Miller, a Vietnam historian at Dartmouth College with whom Kerry consulted about the trip.
But it is sometimes difficult to tell how much of the draw of Vietnam for Kerry is in the war that ended more than 40 years ago, and how many lies in its future potential as a regional economic powerhouse.
One aide described a jet-lagged Kerry arising in the middle of the night Thursday from his hotel suite in Hanoi and calling the United States to confer with one of his fellow crew members as he tried to figure out where they fought on Google Maps.
But when he drove past the site where he killed Ba Thanh, about 500 yards past a bridge and a collection of houses by a mangrove where Kerry and his men picked up troops and provisions, Kerry had an air of reserve.
“You know, it's, I guess, weird,” he said, with a shrug. “It's a little surreal. But it is real.”
Kerry is clearly proud of his work leading to normalization and beyond, as U.S. trade with Vietnam in the past 20 years has grown from $450 million to $45 billion.
“He thinks Vietnam is a major achievement of his political career,” said Tom Vallely, a longtime friend from Massachusetts who was involved in raising funds to build the nonprofit Fulbright University Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh City.
The war and the aftermath may be bookends, both in Kerry's career and as a metaphor for the United States and Vietnam themselves.
“It's a wonderful sense, that after all the horror we went through, we now like each other,” said David Thorne, Kerry's boyhood friend, brother-in-law and adviser. “It's a small miracle that we have found a way back, to reconciliation.”
[India], Mar. 19 (ANI): The Security forces on Monday busted a militant recruiting network here.
The criminal network with Jaish-e-Mohammed links was busted in a joint operation carried out by a 42-member strong team comprised of officials from Awantipora Police, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and a special counter-insurgency branch of the Indian Army- Rashtriya Rifles (RR).
The security personnel working on specific information carried out the operation in Tral region and busted the criminal network.
In this regard cases under section 18, 18B, 20, 39 of the Unlawful Activities Prevention {ULA (P)} Act have been registered in the Tral Police Station and investigations have been taken up. (ANI)
Jordan Spieth of the U.S. retrieves his ball on the 17th green in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Charging up the U.S. Masters leaderboard, Jordan Spieth stood on the 13th fairway on Saturday, turned to his caddie Michael Greller and asked: "What would Arnie do?"
The only answer, of course, was “go for it”. The swashbuckling Arnold Palmer after all did not win four Green Jackets and 62 PGA Tour titles playing it safe.
So channeling 'The King', Spieth stepped up and made a swing so perfect that he was worried his ball was going to end up beyond the green, but it settled nicely to set up a two-putt birdie.
The daring paid off as Spieth rode the momentum to a four-under 68 to trail co-leaders Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia by two strokes going into the final round.
"I think Mike was taken back. He was very much pressing for a lay-up there and laying up was the smart shot," smiled Spieth.
"I had 228 (yards) to the hole. I couldn't see the green, given where the tree was located. I'm right handed. I could see the right edge on the tower, but my ball, the actual shot wasn't blocked.
"It was just about committing to what you can see and what you actually know is there.
"I just, you know, ‘what would Arnie do' was my way of expressing it to Michael, which we all know is exactly what he would have done."
Palmer died last September but his presence has been felt everywhere at Augusta National.
There is a similar 'dam the torpedoes' quality to Spieth's play and the 23-year-old Texan seems to have the same unique bond with Augusta National that Palmer had.
Spieth has played three Masters, winning the Green Jacket once and finishing runner-up twice.
For the first time at Augusta, he will not play in the final group on Sunday, but most likely will be contender.
"I mean, may as well swing freely, play with confidence," said Spieth. "We fought back tremendously to have a chance to win this golf tournament and no matter what happens at the end we will have a chance to win with a really good round tomorrow.
"New experience for me, coming from behind on Sunday at the Masters, which is kind of fun to say.
"Finishing fifth versus 10th doesn't mean much to me, so that frees me up a bit tomorrow."
A classic frontrunner, it will require an Augusta comeback for the ages for Spieth to don Green Jacket on Sunday.
He trailed by 10 strokes after an opening round marred by a quadruple-bogey at the par-five 15th, and has methodically battled his way back into contention.
"I know that anything can happen," said Spieth. "I know that; if I am able to jump out into the lead, I know that you have to keep the gas pedal down and pretend you're not.
"I've been on both sides of it now, and I like the winning side better. So I'm certainly going to go for broke tomorrow."
(Editing by Andrew Both)
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) speaks to Hiroshi Imazu, (2nd R), Chairman of Research Commission on Security of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), and other LDP representatives after a proposal on missile defense was submitted to Abe at the prime minister's office in Tokyo, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Eugene Hoshiko/Pool
Hiroshi Imazu, (2nd R), Chairman of Research Commission on Security of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) submits a proposal on missile defense to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) flanked by former Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera, (2nd L), head of LDP panel, at the prime minister's office in Tokyo, Japan March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Eugene Hoshiko/Pool
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) speaks to Hiroshi Imazu (C), Chairman of Research Commission on Security of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), and former Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera (L), head of LDP panel on security policy, after a proposal on missile defense was submitted to Abe at the prime minister's office in Tokyo, Japan March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Eugene Hoshiko/Pool
TOKYO Japan's ruling party on Thursday urged Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government to consider acquiring the capability to hit enemy bases and to beef up missile defence, as North Korea defies U.N. sanctions with its nuclear and missile development.
"North Korea's provocations have reached a level where our country can by no means overlook them ... We cannot afford to lose any time to bolster our ballistic missile defence," said a Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) proposal submitted to Abe.
Japan has so far avoided taking the controversial and costly step of acquiring bombers or weapons such as cruise missiles with enough range to strike other countries, relying instead on its U.S. ally to take the fight to its enemies.
But the growing threat posed by Pyongyang, including a simultaneous launch of four rockets earlier this month, is adding weight to an argument that aiming for the archer rather than his arrows is a more effective defence.
"Our assessment is that threat from North Korea has advanced to a new stage, and this assessment is shared by the United States," Abe said at a ceremony where the proposal was submitted. "We intend to grasp today's proposal firmly."
The LDP proposal demanded that the government promptly start necessary consideration for the acquisition of capability to hit enemy bases, such as cruise missiles, to improve deterrent effects of the U.S-Japan alliance.
"The first (missile) attack can be met with our missile defence. But as for repetitive attacks, it is important to put under control the opponent's launch sites and prevent second and further firing," Itsunori Onodera, an LDP lawmaker and former defence minister, told the ceremony.
"This is not a proposal about preemptive attacks, but about counter attacks to prevent the second (missile) launch."
Acquiring weapons capable of reaching Japan's neighbours would likely anger China, which is strongly protesting the deployment of the advanced U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) anti-missile system in South Korea.
The LDP proposal also called on the government to swiftly start examining the possible introduction of such advanced missile defence systems as Aegis Ashore and THAAD, and to accelerate technological development for operating Japan's own early warning satellites.
Aegis Ashore is a land-based version of the missile defence system used at sea, while early warning satellites are used to detect missile launches. Japan currently relies on the United States for such information.
Washington-based 38 North, a website that monitors North Korea, said on Tuesday satellite imagery of North Korea's main nuclear test site taken over the weekend indicated that Pyongyang could be in the final stages of preparations for a sixth nuclear test.
Successive governments have interpreted Japan's post-World War Two pacifist constitution as allowing a military for "self-defense" only. Under Abe's watch, Japan's parliament in 2015 voted into law a defence policy shift that could let troops fight overseas for the first time since 1945, a milestone in his push to loosen the constraints of the U.S.-drafted constitution.
(Reporting by Kiyoshi Takenaka, Nobuhiro Kubo; Editing by Michael Perry)
GRAB Philippines (MyTaxi.Ph, Inc.) is rolling out new measures aimed at improving the service of its drivers, such as auto-accept and destination masking features on the app.
In a statement, Grab Philippines said drivers of the ride-hailing app will no longer view the destinations of passengers before booking, except during the “wee hours of the night.”
The passenger destination-masking feature will be introduced initially to 25% of Grab drivers who have a low acceptance rate.
Grab Philippines said the auto-accept feature will be introduced on Friday (April 27). With this feature, passengers will be automatically assigned to drivers.
“We hear what our riders want and we will continue to improve our services while making bookings more efficient for our drivers. We will implement non-showing of passenger information before ride acceptance, as it is a major source of complaints,” Grab Philippines country head Brian Cu was quoted in a statement as saying.
Grab earlier said it has suspended 500 drivers the previous week due to unjustified booking cancellations. These were drivers with above 10% cancellation rates.
“We want to vastly improve our services hence our consecutive decisions to sanction 500 errant drivers over the week, and now the non-showing of the passenger destination and the auto-accept feature,” said Mr. Cu.
Before implementing the changes to their system, Mr. Cu said they have consulted the Department of Transportation through Undersecretary Thomas M. Orbos and Assistant Secretary Mark Richmund M. de Leon.
At the same time, Grab Philippines will start requiring passengers to give complete and accurate information details in order to use the ride-hailing app as a way to ensure the safety of its drivers.
“We will never compromise safety and we will always put the welfare of our drivers and passengers first. We thank our drivers for understanding the masking of destination feature. We hope that our passengers will do their part and verify their accounts for safety and proper identity,” Mr. Cu said.
However, Grab maintained the primary reason for users' difficulty in booking a ride through its app is due to the lack of cars. — Denise A. Valdez
Canadians from all corners of the country are getting their records in order, as they prepare for tax time.
The Canada Revenue Agency is also preparing for its busiest time of year by employing the services of qualified individuals.
Zubie Vuurens is the Community Volunteer Income Tax Program (C.V.I.T.P.) Coordinator and she says people need to have a basic understanding of what it takes to fill out a tax return.
Vuurens says more and more volunteers join the program every year and last year saw more than two thousand volunteers help the C.R.A.
The C.V.I.T.P. program has been around for 47 years and anyone interested in helping the C.R.A. this tax season is encouraged to visit https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/tax/individuals/community-volunteer-income-tax-program/lend-a-hand-individuals.html.
Shunned by Shohei Ohtani, the New York Yankees have wasted no time in giving themselves an even bigger, more expensive Christmas present in Giancarlo Stanton. Enjoy this one for the now, Yankee fans. Deck your halls with boughs of holly over your new twin giants of power because not too far down the road this deal is destined to give the Yankees more regret than the second Alex Rodriguez contract.
It was rather stunning how Stanton fell to the Yankees, especially since they were probably the last team in baseball Derek Jeter wanted to do business with in his first major trade as the new Miami Marlins co-owner. But Jeter — who's made one public relations blunder after another in the few short months since he and his gazillionaire partner Bruce Sherman bought the team from Jeffrey Loria — made the mistake of announcing to the world his intentions of trading Stanton, his marquee player and 59-homer National League MVP, without first talking to Stanton, who had a no-trade clause in the record $325-million contract he signed in 2014.
To put a no-trade clause in what was already a no-trade contract was ludicrous. But what did Loria care? He knew he wasn't going to be around to pay the piper on this contract. This was just a further extension of the fleecing he did on Jeter and Sherman.
Jeter's arrogance in not at least gauging his star player's feelings about being traded and what teams he might agree to being traded to, resulted in a whole lot of wasted talks between the Marlins and the San Francisco Giants and St. Louis Cardinals, both of which offered decent packages for Stanton that were for naught when he turned both trades down. There were only a very limited number of teams to begin with that could take on the remaining 10 years/$295 million left on Stanton's contract.
At least Stanton said he'd be willing to go to either of the two richest Major League Baseball teams, the Los Angeles Dodgers and Yankees. However, when even the Dodgers, with the highest payroll ($244 million) in baseball last year and five straight years of paying luxury tax, said a trade would be too rich for them, Jeter was left with only his old pal Brian Cashman to deal with.
He had zero leverage, which is why someone is going to have to explain to me why the Yankees agreed to this deal without insisting the Marlins take back Jacoby Ellsbury's contract in it?
First of all, it was a deal they didn't have to make, other than the irresistible thrill of teaming up Stanton and Aaron Judge, the two most prodigious sluggers in the game, in the middle of their lineup seemingly for the next 10 years. From Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig to Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris to Judge and Stanton. Like I said, irresistible.
But the Yankee offence was already more than just fine last year, second in the majors in runs, first in homers with 241. What they lacked — and still lack — is another front line starting pitcher.
And even with throwing in Starlin Castro and the $21 million owed him the next two seasons, and getting $30 million in cash back from the Marlins, the Yankees, for payroll purposes, will still be paying Stanton roughly $29 million per year for the next 10 years though age 37. That's all fine — since when did the Yankees ever care about money? — as long as Stanton stays healthy and produces just reasonably consistent to how he did last season.
Unfortunately history — both his own and these monster contracts in general — suggests he won't. It's a fact of baseball life that players after the age of 32, start breaking down and Stanton, before last year, already had a number of concerning injury issues.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - Drivers, start your engines.
Scroll for more content...
Several did almost that on Saturday morning.
The district wide Pinewood Derby was held at the Boys and Girls Club in Terre Haute.
Boy Scouts in local counties made their own wooden cars.
The cars have to be made under a set of rules.
Saturday's competition was to see who had the fastest car.
"We're having a competition today to see who's going to have the fastest cars, and have the bragging rights for a whole year," said Joe Robinson, Pinewood Derby chairman.
Over 90 cars were made for the event.
One scout went home with a trophy, and bragging rights.
RuPaul — star of the hit show RuPaul's Drag Race — may love a good glitter cut crease, but he also wants to share some hard-earned lessons. In an exclusive interview with PEOPLE, RuPaul reveals the cover of his upcoming book, GuRu by RuPaul, and explains that he wants it to serve as a “talisman” for readers.
“This book is a talisman, a guidebook for living,” RuPaul, 57, explains of the book, which hits shelves in October. “[It's] a collection of meaningful phrases and quotes that have helped me navigate the chaos of modern life.”
The book will include more than 80 photographs, including some that have never been seen before.
“I hope that fans will use the book for inspiration,” he says. “It offers beauty, but also advice, insight and attitude. It's more than just a bunch of pretty pictures.”
For RuPaul, drag is not just performance; it's connected to his understanding of God and creates “space for the unlimited.”
“We are spiritual beings having a human experience. If we approach the experience without judgement, we can open up a vast vista of unlimited colors, textures, shapes and ideas,” he explains. “It's not important for me to know what God is, it's only important for me to know that God is, and that we are all an extension of that grace.”
RELATED VIDEO: The ‘RuPaul's Drag Race' Crew Is ‘Taking a Night Off' from Judging at the Emmys Red Carpet
RuPaul also touched on questions surrounding the running of the show, including the shocking finale of All Stars 3 (which gave fans all types of feelings).
“We are always looking for ways to make the show fresh and new — and the fans have a lot to say about a lot of things,” he says. “We're listening, but we also want to do what we do best, which is to celebrate the art of drag.”
Courtesy Ru Paul's Drag Race
He's listening to fans, including the young girls who started watching the show after it moved to VH1. RuPaul explains that he's “thrilled” to welcome this new demographic.
“I think our show has put the spotlight on shapeshifting in a way that is fun and shows it for what it is: free expression,” he says. “What young girl today doesn't need to hear that it is okay to push the boundaries of self-expression and find the identity that makes you feel like the best version of yourself?”
GuRu by RuPaul goes on sale Oct. 23.
In less than two years since the Islamist Bataclan terror attack, France has seen a 60 per cent rise in the number of people on the Terrorist Prevention and Radicalisation Reporting File (FSPRT).
At the time of the November 2015 coordinated assaults at the French national stadium and the Bataclan theatre, resulting in the deaths of 130 and nearly 400 injuries, the FSPRT contained 11,400 cases. Less than two years later, the file contains 18,550 cases with Le Figaro commenting: “The file is constantly growing.”
advertisement
The newspaper reports that along with personal details such as name, address, and criminal records, the file contains details of relationships with other radical Islamists.
The report noted a strong presence of radicals in the departments of Île-de-France (Paris region), the North, the Bouches-du-Rhône, the Rhône, and the Alpes-Maritimes (home to the city of Nice, where the Bastille Day terror attack occurred).
Female radicals accounted for 26 per cent of the cases and minors a little more than 16 per cent. Converts to Islam accounted for more than 34 per cent of the identified radicals.
The released report comes after France has experienced nine terror or attempted Islamist terror attacks since January 2017, including two this months. On August 6, a man was arrested at the Eiffel Tower after drawing a knife and shouting “Allahu Akbar” as he attempted to breach security at the base of the tourist attraction.
And on August 9, 37-year-old Hamou Bachir from Algeria intentionally ran down six French soldiers in his car on the streets of Paris. Following a manhunt, he was shot and arrested.
In March, Breitbart London reported that one-third of France's young Muslims (aged 14 to 16 years old) are much more likely to tolerate violence and to hold fundamentalist religious views. Thirty-two per cent of those polled would not condemn the Charlie Hebdo and Hyper Cacher Islamist terror attacks.
Another study found that second generation Muslim migrants fail to integrate into European society and are the most susceptible to radicalisation.
Twitter Follow @friedmanpress Follow Victoria Friedman on
Monday on CNN's “Newsroom,” former Obama administration green jobs czar and network host Van Jones said President Donald Trump's proposal to use the death penalty for drug dealers was ”a complete non-starter and it's divisive and it's stupid.”
Jones said, “I met with sheriffs, I met with pastors, nobody is saying what we really need is the death penalty for drug dealers, what we really need is tougher sentences. I don't know where he's getting that stuff. That is — that is 180 degrees from what the people on the ground are saying. They're saying people need more help, more compassion, more education. Sometimes they say they need more — better Bible studies. That would be higher on the list than the death penalty for drug dealers. And that's the kind of stuff that becomes a poison pill for people who are on the ground and know what's going on and people who understand the drug war is a failure and it's going to stop us from working together. If he took that crap out and focus on what the people on the front lines, they need more beds, they need more help, they need more hope, they need more jobs. Like I said, they need more Bible study. All that's on the list. This death penalty thing is a complete non-starter and it's divisive and it's stupid. I think it's an offense to the people who are really trying to solve this problem.”
He continued, “When you have ideas and he's bragging on these countries that are killing people, like the people in the Philippines who are just shooting people in the streets, he thinks that's a good way for America. Nobody is expecting for that to work. The other thing too is when you look at how the death penalty gets applied, the super enhanced penalties get applied, they don't get applied to the big drug kingpins that got a gazillion lawyers, they get applied to little people who got caught up and it's just not the way to go. I applaud the positive parts but take the nonsense out.”
(h/t Grabien)
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Communist Party of India (Marxist) general secretary Sitaram Yechury on Saturday hit out at the Center for the introduction of the electoral bond, terming it as 'crony capitalism' and 'violation of the Constitution'.
Yechury, while interacting with the media, stressed on the need to repeal the bond.
"This is nothing but crony capitalism of the highest order. It violates the constitution. It has to be repealed and this is what we have appealed to the Supreme Court," Yechury said.
The Supreme Court on February 2, issued a notice to the Central Government after hearing a petition filed by Yechury challenging the electoral bonds. The top court three-judge bench, headed by Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, also comprising Justices A. M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud, issued the notice to the Centre on the same. The Centre had in its decision introduced electoral bond in elections, which was challenged by Yechury in the apex court. (ANI)
BRAZIL, Ind. (WTHI) - The patriotic spirt is already ringing in Clay County!
Scroll for more content...
That's following tonight's concert at Forest Park.
The concert kicks off a week long 4th of July celebration.
The Brazil Concert and Township Community Band hosted Sunday's concert.
Patriotic songs included "Stars and Stripes Forever" and "Armed Forces Melody".
Leinster and Irish international rugby star Adam Byrne appears to be nearing a return to fitness following a knee surgery he underwent in late 2017.
Speaking to Neil Treacy on TodayFM's Scrum Saturday, the winger said he was initially against the idea of going under the knife, but was left with little choice after the non-surgical options didn't work, a choice he's seeing the benefits of now.
"It's looking really positive since the surgery. It was kind of niggly during the November series and I tried to rehab it without surgery, but unfortunately that was the only route. So a little keyhole and it's feeling really good so I'm hoping to be back pretty soon".
Byrne didn't have an exact return date in mind, but didn't rule out a return before Leinster's European Champions Cup quarter-final with Saracens on April 1st when questioned on the possibility.
"As you can see, Leinster are going so well at the moment. There's a lot of strength and depth in every position, so I'm just first going to try to get back training, try to train well, then try to push my way back into the team from there".
The 23-year-old has suffered a number of injuries, including a fractured ankle, a torn bicep, and a broken fibula, which have hampered his progress since making his club debut for Leinster as an 18-year-old back in 2012.
Despite this, the Kildare winger remains optimistic and can look at the longevity of a player like Keith Earls, who's playing some of the best rugby of his career in his 30s having overcome injury setbacks of his own. Byrne can look at the success of the Moyross man and know he has plenty of time to make an impact on the international stage as long as he prepares with the utmost professionalism.
"I'd say every club has their players, the ultimate professionals, and you look at the stuff they kind of do and measures they go to, Rob Kearney is the same, and Isa Nacewa. I've been really impressed with Keith as well.
"I came into the November set-up, and it was quite daunting coming in. I was quite nervous, there's a lot of new stuff to learn. Keith being from Munster though he was was quite nice, he sat down with me and went through whatever moves I needed and anything I needed to clear up he was always there listening and eager to help, so it's really good to see him going well, and I'm sure he'll do well over the next couple of weeks".
[India], July 04 (ANI): Parents and student of Pune's Maeer's MIT School on Wednesday staged a protest against the school's diktat asking the girls student to wear specific colour innerwear.
The school authority has even specified the length of the skirt to be worn by the girl students.
Apart from this, the school has restricted the students from using the washroom other than the specified time.
"The girls are asked to wear either white or skin colour innerwear. They have even mentioned the length of the skirt to be worn by them. They have all these things in the school diary and have asked us to sign it," a parent said.
The school has even mentioned about the actions to be taken against the student and parents if they failed to abide by them. Meanwhile, Dr Suchitra Karad Nagare, Executive director of MIT Group of Institute said the intention behind taking such steps were 'very pure' and was not to trouble the parents and the students. "The intention to give such specific directives in the school diary was very pure. We had some experiences in the past which made us take this decision. We did not have any hidden agenda," Dr Nagare said. (ANI)
The Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots have been working on their Super Bowl game plans for two weeks. Law enforcement has been planning security for Sunday's spectacle for two years.
Scroll for more content...
"I think we have done our best to think of just about every contingency, natural or man-made," said Minneapolis police Cmdr. Scott Gerlicher, overall public safety coordinator for Super Bowl LII. "The Super Bowl is just a massive operation and very complicated."
The Minneapolis Police Department is the lead agency for security. But the department of about 840 sworn officers will get help from dozens of law enforcement agencies -- federal, state and local -- because it is simply not big enough to handle the huge undertaking.
"Coordination at all levels is key," said Alex Khu, St. Paul special agent in charge for Homeland Security Investigations and federal coordinator for Super Bowl security. "There are so many moving pieces. No one agency can do this alone."
Prescreening hours before game time
The venue, US Bank Stadium, is smack in the middle of downtown Minneapolis around businesses, residences and public transportation, the FBI said, noting the security challenges.
Events leading up to Sunday's game near the stadium have made establishing the perimeter and security zones "significantly more complicated," according to Richard T. Thornton, special agent in charge of the FBI's Minneapolis division. These include this week's Super Bowl Experience at the Minneapolis Convention Center.
There will be a bulked-up police presence with officers in tactical gear, bomb-sniffing dogs, choppers and fencing in and around the indoor fixed-roof stadium, which is home of the Minnesota Vikings.
Coping with the brutal cold has been a factor in coordinating event planning and security. The temperature outside the stadium is forecast to be around 3 degrees Fahrenheit at game time at 5:30 p.m. (6:30 p.m. ET).
The FBI said attendees will be prescreened at indoor locations, such as the Mall of America in Bloomington more than 11 miles from the venue, "so they won't have to wait outside the stadium."
Such prescreening at other locations "is a first for the NFL and the security plan," said Joseph Rivers, an assistant special agent in charge in the FBI's Minneapolis division.
Screening procedures will begin at the stadium more than four hours before the game, with authorities setting out an extensive list of what is allowed to be carried into the stadium and what is prohibited, the NFL said.
"To provide a safe environment and to expedite fan entry into the stadium, the NFL limits the size and type of bags that may be brought into the stadium. All items carried by spectators will be carefully inspected and potentially not permitted into the stadium," a statement said.
Countering terror
As at every Super Bowl, the FBI is the lead agency for counterterrorism efforts in the runup to and during the game.
It is making threat assessments for the Super Bowl by analyzing attacks at mass events, such as the May bombing at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England, and the mass shooting in Las Vegas in October.
"We are facilitating the name checks and records checks for all the folks who are going to get credentialed," Rivers said. "That means volunteers, food vendors, private security people -- the number of individuals could exceed 30,000. That's a huge commitment from our office."
The Minneapolis-St. Paul region has unique concerns over the years -- the stabbing at a mall, the bombing of a mosque and fears over the influence of Somalia's Al-Shabaab, an Islamist movement in that African nation, on the large local Somali population.
"We actually bring experience -- some continuity and background -- to the planning cycle, which we're obviously willing to share, and that we work with our state and local partners on to transfer some of that knowledge and hopefully shortcut some of the planning process," Rivers said.
The US Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations also is on hand to be on the alert of "the illegal manufacturing and sale of counterfeit goods" such as sports apparel.
National Guard called up
Gov. Mark Dayton has authorized the National Guard to provide security, with more than 400 Minnesota National Guardsmen called up.
"This is what we do," said Maj. Gen. Jon Jensen, adjutant general of the Minnesota National Guard. "When the local community can't meet the public safety needs, they come to the Guard. We're their normal partner, we're a natural partner, and we're their preferred partner when it comes to filling in the gaps that they can't fill."
Thornton called the effort "herculean." He said the goal is "making sure that it is not only a safe event for everyone that attends and participates, but that it's an enjoyable event for them as well."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Amnon Shashua, co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, is seen during an interview with Reuters in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A device, part of the Mobileye driving assist system, is seen on the dashboard of a vehicle during a demonstration for the media in Jerusalem October 24, 2012. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The logo Israeli driverless technology firm Mobileye is seen on the building of their offices in Jerusalem March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo
TEL AVIV Mobileye's mapping program for self-driving cars will start making money long before fully autonomous vehicles hit the roads, its chairman told Reuters, as carmakers can use the technology for a variety of semi-autonomous driving features.
Amnon Shashua, head of the Israeli technology company that is being bought by Intel Corp for $15.3 billion, said Mobileye expected to announce deals with carmakers by the end of 2017 for its high definition (HD) maps, bringing in revenues for both the company and its map-making partners.
Fully self-driving vehicles are not expected until at least 2021, but carmakers are already offering a variety of semi-autonomous driver assistance systems, such as Tesla's Autopilot system. Mobileye thinks its mapping technology will be needed as these systems become more advanced.
"We can enable hands-free driving to levels that are much higher than with any sensor (alone)," Shashua told Reuters, adding semi-autonomous systems still required drivers to remain alert.
The Israeli company also believes its mapping technology will be cheaper and more comprehensive than rival systems because of the way it is created.
Whereas traditional HD mapping requires dedicated vehicles with specialized equipment and hired drivers, Mobileye's RoadBook uses hardware in vehicles to "crowdsource" data.
Nissan, Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) and BMW have already signed up to share data from Mobileye's camera-equipped advanced driver assistance systems to generate HD maps for self-driving cars, and Shashua said four more manufacturers were in talks about joining the program.
"We hope to have the majority of these four signed by the end of 2017," he said. "Only car manufacturers can contribute ... because they have the cars. This is something that truly separates the car industry from the tech players."
The prospect of self-driving vehicles has attracted Silicon Valley giants Google and Apple as well as carmakers, with Goldman Sachs estimating the market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles could grow to $96 billion in 2025 from just $3 billion in 2015.
Based on discussions with automaker and map-maker partners, Mobileye believes revenues from its HD maps will be "quite meaningful," though Shashua said he could not quantify it yet.
Once autonomous driving cars are ready, there will be a period of several years where drivers will still be needed for monitoring purposes, Shashua added.
"If the expectation is for zero accidents that isn't realistic," he said. He believes society would accept fatalities that are 2-3 orders of magnitude smaller than with people-driven cars, meaning a decline to as few as 35 fatalities annually in the United States from around 35,000 today.
(Editing by Mark Potter)
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for her 2014 film First Kiss, where she invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” she said of her U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
An attorney representing Mayor Megan Barry sent a letter to media outlets saying she has not been involved in relationships with other Metro employees.
Scroll for more content...
Barry has hired the law firm Barrett Johnston Martin & Garrison LLC to represent her in her personal capacity, according to letter sent by attorney Jerry Martin to media outlets.
"The Mayor has been fully forthcoming about her relationship with Sgt. Rob Forrest. There are no other inappropriate relationships, and any allegations or implications otherwise are patently false," Martin said in the letter.
RELATED STORIES: Nashville mayor admits affair with security chief | I-Team: Did taxpayer money fund any part of Mayor Barry's affair | TBI to investigate Mayor Barry
"Mayor Barry's primary concern is the impact such inaccurate reporting may have on innocent Metro employees and their families. By publishing or broadcasting allegations that Mayor Barry had additional relationships with other Metro employees, you will be acting with reckless disregard for the truth. This firm will take whatever legal steps are necessary to protect the Mayor and these innocent employees."
Barry admitted a relationship with Forrest, who headed the Mayor's security detail, on Wednesday. Forrest submitted a letter of retirement to Metro Police on Jan. 17 effective on Wednesday, Jan. 31, the day the relationship was announced.
1. When Doves Cry-Prince
2. Andromeda-Gorillaz
3. Subways-The Avalanches
4. Genius Of Love-Tom Tom Club
5. Rock With You-Michael Jackson
6. All Under One Roof Raving-Jamie XX
7. I Got Jesus-Marcel Vogel
8. People-Voilaaa
9. Sing A Simple Song-Sly & The Family Stone
10. Bonita Applebum-Tribe Called Quest
11. Blood-Kendrick Lamar
12. What's Going On-Marvin Gaye
13. Ike's Rap-Isaac Hayes
14. Your Balloon Is Rising-The Stone Foundation
15. Just My Imagination-The Temptations
16. We Can't Fly-Aeroplane
17. Destiny-John Talabot feat. Pional
18. Pleasure-Le Galaxie (Get Down Edits Mix)
19. Electric Blue-New Jackson
20. Nylon Strung-Underworld
21. Huarache Lights-Hot Chip
22. Stay A While-The Revenge feat. Sister Sledge
23. Williams Blood-Grace Jones
24. West End Girls-Pet Shop Boys
25. Ceremony-New Order
26. Low Rider-Quando Quango
27. Shame-Young Fathers
28. Our Lips Are Sealed-Fun Boy Three
29. Bubblegum-Confidence Man (Andrew Weatherall Mix)
30. I Can't Go For That-Hall & Oates
31. This Must Be The Place-Talking Heads
32. Floating-Cinema feat. Chris Leech
33. Isobel-Bjork
34. Beast That Never Was-Goldfrapp
35. Don't Give Up-Kate Bush & Peter Gabriel
36. Everything I Am Is Yours-Villagers
37. Ballad De Melody Nelson-Serge Gainsbourg
38. Kinky Love-Nancy Sinatra
39. Truth-Kamasi Washington
× Florida police try using dead man's finger to unlock cellphone
CLEARWATER, Fla. – Florida police have raised eyebrows by showing up at a funeral home and trying to use a dead man's finger to access his phone, the Tampa Bay Times reports.
Victoria Armstrong was at Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home in Clearwater when two detectives showed up and held the hands of her fiance, Linus Phillip, to the fingerprint sensor on his phone.
“I just felt so disrespected and violated,” Armstrong says. The unlocking attempt failed, but police—who shot and killed Phillip in a gas-station clash last month, per WFLA—say the phone's data could have helped in probing the man's death and resolving a drug inquiry that includes Phillip.
The move also triggered debate about using a corpse to unlock a phone.
“While the deceased person doesn't have a vested interest in the remains of their body, the family sure does, so it really doesn't pass the smell test,” says a professor at Stetson University College of Law. “There's a ghoulish component to it that's troubling to most people.”
But police say they got Phillip's phone within a 48- to 72-hour period when fingerprint access is allowed, and Florida law only states who are authorized to get rid of a dead person's remains—not who has access to them.
So this will likely go to the courts, where judges aren't always kind to the dead. “The law has been most cruel, really unforgiving to a dead person,” says another law professor. “It provides no entitlement or legal rights after death to a deceased person.”
This article originally appeared on Newser: Cops Try Unlocking Phone With Dead Man's Finger
More From Newser:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock markets plunged and bond yields soared on Friday after U.S. data showing the strongest annual wage growth since 2009 rattled investors who fear accelerating inflation will usher in more interest rate hikes than expected this year.
Yields on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note shot up to a four-year high just minutes after the release of a Labor Department unemployment report for January that underscored strong momentum in the U.S. economy.
A gain of 200,000 jobs last month and annualised increase in average hourly earnings to 2.9 percent led the dollar to surge against the yen, the euro and a basket of six currencies.
The price of the U.S. 10-year note US10YT=RR later fell further, pushing the yield up as high as 2.854 percent from 2.773 percent late on Thursday.
The rapid rise in the 10-year note - the world benchmark for corporate lending - sent shockwaves through a market grown accustomed to low inflation and a steady tick higher in stocks.
“It feels as though the grand era of interest rates below 3 percent will soon be in the rear-view mirror,” said Mike Terwilliger, portfolio manager of Resource Liquid Alternatives for the Resource Credit Income Fund in New York.
While wage growth may be good for the economy it could spell trouble for the bond market as inflation portends rate hikes, which augur a repricing of fixed income, he said.
The spike in bond rates made everybody nervous, said Gary Bradshaw, portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas. But the stock sell-off was long overdue, he said.
“The correction looks a whole lot worse than maybe it is because of the fact that we hadn't had a correction for so long that we all got used to watching this market go up,” he said.
Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York, said next week investors will kick themselves for selling assets for all the wrong reasons in a sell-off akin to throwing the baby out with the bath water.
“Next week we will start sorting and saying, ‘Wait a minute. We sold financials because interest rates are going higher?'”
It was the biggest single-day percentage decline for the benchmark S&P 500 index since September 2016 and for the Dow since June 2016. The S&P 500 is still up 3.2 percent for the year.
A stock slide of at least 1 percent in Europe later accelerated on Wall Street as the strong labour market data boosted chances the Federal Reserve will raise rates four times this year instead of the three hikes analysts had expected.
“What is good for the average American worker ends up being negative for stocks because it increases the odds of further rate hikes,” said Michael Antonelli, managing director of institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 665.75 points, or 2.54 percent, to 25,520.96. The S&P 500 .SPX lost 59.85 points, or 2.12 percent, to 2,762.13 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 144.92 points, or 1.96 percent, to 7,240.95.
Disappointing results from some of the largest U.S. companies also weighed on stocks. Oil majors Exxon (XOM.N) and Chevron (CVX.N) fell 5.1 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively, after reporting lower-than-expected quarterly profits.
Google-parent Alphabet (GOOGL.O) fell 5.3 percent after an earnings miss and Apple (AAPL.O) fell 4.3 percent as investors focused on its muted forecast rather than strong iPhone prices.
MSCI's all-country world index .MIWD00000PUS of equity performance in 47 countries fell 1.8 percent while its gauge of emerging market stocks .MSCIEF lost 1.43 percent.
Deutsche Bank's disappointing results pulled the heavyweight banking sector down to help European shares post their biggest weekly loss in more than a year, while Britain's top share index sealed its weakest week in nine months on BT's results.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 of leading regional shares closed down 1.37 percent and the blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index in London closed down 0.63 percent.
The dollar index .DXY, tracking the unit against a basket of major currencies, rose 0.59 percent, with the euro EUR= down 0.38 percent to $1.2460. The Japanese yen JPY= weakened 0.64 percent versus the greenback at 110.12 per dollar.
The U.S. bond market's gauges of inflation expectations added to their rise. The gap between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS) and 10-year Treasury notes reached its widest since September 2014.
Crude prices fell on the surging dollar though adherence to output cuts by members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and rising global demand kept much of this year's rally in oil in place.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 settled down 35 cents to $65.45 a barrel. Brent LCOc1 lost $1.07 to $68.58. The deep decline in Brent cut the gap between it and WTI to its narrowest since August.
U.S. gold futures GCv1 for April delivery settled down $10.60, or 0.8 percent, at $1,337.30.
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had she been born in an earlier era, she might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," she says. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
She hopes to give voice to those early generations of residents, in her book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout her life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume her physical disability means she also has an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped her accept her body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On her twin sister, who died shortly after birth
She lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of her presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that she is dead and is gone in a real way, she doesn't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how her physical disability and her poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
AOL Instant Messenger is about to put up an away message forever.
AIM will officially shut down on December 15 after 20 years in service, its parent company announced Friday. The news marks the end of an era for anyone who came of age with the internet in the late 90s and early 2000s.
When AIM launched in 1997, using the World Wide Web required a desktop computer with a clunky dial-up connection that tied up the phone lines. Perhaps more than any other product, AIM helped establish the internet as a place to hang out rather than being a simple utility.
AIM offered a platform for people to express themselves with embarrassing screen names, profiles filled with colorful fonts and emotional lyrics, and as many messages as you could send before someone in your house kicked you offline.
The product earned a coveted spot in pop culture, making cameos in You've Got Mail and Sex and the City.
But the service that defined the internet for a generation of users failed to evolve with them.
A decade after AIM launched, Apple kicked off the smartphone era with the release of the original iPhone. Untethered from their computers, internet users shifted to a range of messaging apps and social networks like Facebook and Twitter.
AIM, with a brand recognized by millions, could have capitalized on this shift and emerged as a lead player in the billion-dollar messaging space. Instead, it faded further and further from relevance.
Oath, the company created earlier this year from Verizon's merging of AOL and Yahoo, acknowledged this unfortunate fact in its announcement Friday of AIM's shutdown.
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed,” Michael Albers, VP of communications product at Oath, wrote in a blog post.
Case in point: The announcement of AIM's shutdown was made on Twitter and Tumblr, two of the newer communications platforms that helped displace it.
Eulogies poured in for AIM on Twitter, with users remembering old screen names and lamenting the passage of time. As one user put it, “I can't decide which John Mayer song I should quote to express my sadness at the death of AOL Instant Messenger.”
Farewell, AIM. We hope that somehow you'll ~BrB~.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
David Han Li arrives at a notary's office for the transfer of ownership of AC Milan from Silvio Berlusconi's Fininvest to China's Li Yonghong in Milan, Italy, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Daniele Mascolo
David Han Li arrives at a notary's office for the transfer of ownership of AC Milan from Silvio Berlusconi's Fininvest to China's Li Yonghong in Milan, Italy, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Daniele Mascolo
David Han Li sits in the tribune during the Juventus vs Barcelona UEFA Champions League soccer match in Turin, Italy April 11, 2017. Picture taken on April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
David Han Li looks from notary's office window during the transfer of ownership of AC Milan from Silvio Berlusconi's Fininvest to China's Li Yonghong in Milan, Italy April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Daniele Mascolo
Adriano Galliani arrives at a notary's office for the transfer of ownership of AC Milan from Silvio Berlusconi's Fininvest to China's Li Yonghong in Milan, Italy April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Daniele Mascolo
MILAN Italian former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi finalised his troubled sale of soccer club AC Milan to a Chinese-led consortium on Thursday, a 740 million euro ($788 million) deal that tightens China's grip on the game in Italy.
The deal, the biggest Chinese investment in a European club, follows retail giant Suning Commerce Group's purchase of local rivals Inter last year. A Chinese firm also underwrites the media rights to the top league, Serie A.
It is the end of an era for Berlusconi, who bought the club in the 1980s and swiftly turned it into the top team in Europe as well as using it as a platform along with his media empire to help launch his political career.
In a joint statement, Berlusconi's holding Fininvest said it had sold its entire stake in the club to Luxembourg-based Rossoneri Sport Investment Lux, a company controlled by investor Li Yonghong which replaced the original Chinese bid vehicle.
The 740 million euro price tag includes 220 million euros in debt. The buyers, who paid a final tranche of 370 million euros on Thursday, committed to a significant recapitalisation and financial strengthening of the club, the statement said.
"Its supporters have long hoped for AC Milan to be restored to former glory," Li told Chinese website Sina Weibo
"Today we completed a key step in that path to rejuvenation, and into the future we will continue to push steadily ahead and bring this legendary team back to the summit of the world."
BERLUSCONI BOWS OUT
Berlusconi, 80, is selling because he was unwilling to stump up the extra money required for the team to compete with the continent's top clubs, much now bankrolled by wealthy Gulf and Asian owners.
"After more than 30 years I am ceding ownership of Milan and stepping down as president. I am saddened and moved, but aware that modern soccer requires investments and resources that a single family cannot sustain on its own," Berlusconi said.
He had agreed the deal to sell AC Milan last August, but the transaction ran into trouble and took longer than expected to complete as Beijing cracked down on non-strategic foreign acquisitions, especially vanity deals in the sports industry.
U.S. private equity fund Elliott came to the deal's rescue at the 11th hour last month, agreeing to lend money to Rossoneri Sport Investment.
The vehicle received 180 million euros from Elliott and another 140 million euros from China's Huarong, said a source familiar with the transactions.
A further 50 million were paid by Li, the source added.
The consortium's full membership has not been made public.
AC Milan is second only to Real Madrid in the list of winners of Europe's top club competition, but it has failed to win any major silverware since 2011 and is lying sixth in Italy's Serie A top division.
The club, which reported a loss of 93.5 million euros in 2015, needs to fund the purchase of match-winning players as well as invest in its brand at home and abroad.
It has not yet disclosed its 2016 accounts, but a source familiar with its finances said it lost 70 to 80 million euros.
AC Milan's new owners offered Berlusconi the chance to stay involved in his cherished club as honorary president but he declined.
Elliott's financing deal totals 300 million euros, including a cash injection into AC Milan itself, and carries an average interest rate of just under 10 percent. ($1 = 0.9397 euros)
(additional reporting by Maria Pia Quaglia; Editing by Mark Bendeich and Keith Weir)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People in Bath love the Victorian Christmas carousel which used to be part of the Christmas market until it was replaced by a bar and drinking lodge a few years ago.
But it's coming back!
The good people from the tourism office Visit Bath told the Bath Chronicle the carousel will be coming to its usual stand in Stall St from next weekend.
It's a great attraction in the city for young and old, and good old fashioned fun.
You can hear the familiar playground music from streets away and many people were sad when it was dropped from the Christmas market to make way for yet another drinking chalet.
Well this year the carousel will be in the city centre from December 14-30, so there will be lots of chances to hitch a ride on the hobby horses, just like Mary Poppins did in the Disney film.
The Christmas market closed yesterday (Sunday, December 10) and the last of the remaining chalets were being removed on Monday.
The city always feels quiet after the market, and some feel it should go on longer into December to make the most of the Christmas spirit in the city.
But at least the carousel should continue the festive spirit, with more and more people flocking to Bath for Christmas shopping or days out, especially in the school holidays.
The carousel will be open all over the Christmas season, you will hear it before you see it.
Evangelical Bishop Aubrey Shines blasted the NFL players protesting during the National Anthem, demanding that they stop being “stooges and pawns” for a Democratic Party and a news media “that incites a fake news narrative” about police killing black people.
In an exclusive video for Breitbart News, Bishop Shines ripped the hundreds of NFL players, team owners, and executives who've participated in political demonstrations during the playing of the anthem before the start of the games for failing to protest Planned Parenthood which “targets our urban landscape” with “venomous filth.”
advertisement
“Why haven't you protested that over 680,000 blacks who are aborted annually?” the Bishop asked.
“You've been bamboozled and hoodwinked,” Bishop Shines said of the NFL players and entertainers taking a knee in solidarity with former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick. “In regard to those that serve in our police forces, by the way, they're not taking our lives, they're defending our lives.”
The outspoken Tampa Florida-based Bishop pointed out that while black Americans account for about 13 percent of the population, we account for more than half of the country's homicides and commit a disproportionate amount of the violent crimes.
“Please stop being pawns and flunkies and stooges for your political party, and for those in the news media that incite the fake news narratives that actually inflame this deluge of ignorance that keeps you on their plantation,” Bishop Shines said to professional sports players and entertainers.
Follow Bishop Aubrey Shines on Facebook here
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
MILAN Juventus forward Paulo Dybala has extended his contract by two years until June 2022, the Turin club said on Thursday.
The 23-year-old is seen as one of the most talented players in Serie A and one of the most exciting to have come out of Argentina since Lionel Messi.
Nicknamed The Jewel, Dybala showed his devastating potential when he scored two goals in Tuesday's 3-0 win over Messi's Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Dybala joined Juventus from Palermo in July 2015 and scored 23 goals in 46 matches in all competitions in his first season as he helped them win a Serie A and Italian Cup double and reach the Champions League round of 16.
This season he has already scored 16 goals as Juventus challenge for the treble.
Raised at Argentine second tier club Instituto de Cordoba, Dybala moved to Italy in 2012 to sign for Palermo where he spent three seasons and slowly adapted to life in Serie A.
Juventus said in a statement that, following the contract extension, Palermo would be paid a performance bonus of 8 million euros ($8.51 million), divided into four instalments.
($1 = 0.9400 euros)
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — The WATE 6 Storm Team is keeping an eye on Tropical Storm Nate as it heads towards the United States.
WATE 6 Storm Team Meteorologist Ken Weathers said the storm is expected to make landfall late Saturday night-early Sunday morning. He then says the remnants of Nate will move through East Tennessee during the day Sunday.
“Sunday afternoon into Sunday night is probably the best opportunity for rain. It is an Aware Day,” said Ken Weathers. “The bigger concern may be some gustier winds in the Smokies and locally heavy rainfall across the region.”
The good news is that Ken Weathers says widespread flooding is not a big concern, because it has been so dry over the past three to four weeks. He says East Tennessee will likely see 2-4 inches from Sunday to Monday with additional rainfall from a cold front Tuesday and Wednesday.
Ken Weathers says the warm water in the Gulf of Mexico leaves the possibility for Nate to strengthen to a hurricane. If Nate does become a hurricane, he says odds are it won't get much bigger than a Category 1.
“This storm is moving a lot faster than storms like Hurricane Harvey,” said Ken Weathers. “It will likely make landfall Saturday and by Tuesday is already off the Northeast U.S. coast once again. That means it won't sit in the same place and cause as much flooding as other storms.”
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - More dangerously hot days are to come for the valley.
Scroll for more content...
Healthcare experts say to always be aware of how you're feeling in the heat. Heat-related illness is common during the first weeks of July.
When temperatures are in the 90's and heat index values are above 100 degrees it is dangerous to be outside too long. Healthcare experts say to avoid working during the hottest parts of the day. During the summer months, working from 1 to 4 pm can be dangerous on oppressively hot days. If you have no choice experts say to take frequent breaks.
They say to wear loose-fitting light clothing and to stay hydrated with a non-caffienated drink. If you are outside during excessive heat - watch for signs that you are someone nearby might be suffering from a heat-related illness.
"Most common signs of heat stroke. Headache, nausea, vomiting, feeling weak, tired, feeling dizziness going on. You can even pass out from it some confusion. So if you see anybody with those symptoms you'll just want to immediately call 911 and get an ambulance on the way," Union Healthcare Practitioner Stacy Horn
Experts say the best time to work on many summer days, if you can, is early in the morning or after the sun sets.
THE PESO sank to a fresh one-month low on Tuesday as the dollar strengthened on the back of higher US Treasury yields.
The local currency ended Tuesday, Apr. 24 session at P52.32 against the greenback, weaker by eight centavos from its P52.24-per-dollar finish on Monday.
This is also the peso's weakest showing since closing at P52.39 exchange rate on March 23.
It traded weaker the whole day as it opened the session at P52.355 versus the US currency. It dipped to as low as P52.365, while its best showing for the day stood at P52.25.
Dollars traded dropped to $620.21 million from the $757.2 million that switched hands on Monday.
Two traders said the peso weakened as the dollar grew stronger overnight due to the rising US Treasury yields.
“The peso again lost its strength against the dollar, having boosted from increased US bond supply as the US Treasury continue to offer debt securities,” a trader said in an e-mail.
In a report from Reuters, early Tuesday (Manila time), the dollar strengthened against a basket of currencies as the US 10-year Treasury yield hit a four-year high at 2.998% on Monday, nearing the psychological 3% level.
“The US 10-year Treasury is close to 3%. It's not broken, but we're moving closer to 3%. As a result, the dollar strengthened across,” another trader said in a phone interview, adding that the local currency reacted “fairly slow” with the news compared with the other currencies.
The currency trader also noted that there was some selling during the morning session.
“Not really sure why, but most probably, [investors] took profits from going long during the previous days. In the afternoon, there was buying interest again.”
The second trader sees the peso to move between P52.25 and P52.40 Wednesday, Apr. 25, while the other expects the local currency to trade within the P52.05-P52.45 range.
“The peso might still weaken as investors position ahead of initial US [gross domestic product] data to be released on Friday,” the first trader said.
Most other emerging Asian currencies also weakened on Tuesday as rising US bond yields boosted the dollar, dampening interest in riskier assets. — K.A.N. Vidal with Reuters
May 2 The following table shows OPEC crude oil output in millions of barrels per day (bpd) in April and March, according to a Reuters survey published on Tuesday. In an effort to prop up prices, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries started reducing its output by about 1.2 million bpd on Jan. 1 in its first supply cut decision since 2008. The April survey indicates output from all 13 OPEC members fell by 80,000 bpd in April from March's revised level. But supply from the 11 OPEC members with production targets under the deal has risen by 20,000 bpd from March's revised figure - the first increase since the deal took effect. Compared with the levels from which they agreed to cut, in most cases their October 2016 production, the 11 members have reduced output by 1.048 million bpd of the pledged 1.164 million bpd. That equates to 90 percent compliance. Compliance in March was revised lower to 92 percent from 95 percent. March production was revised 40,000 bpd higher. Saudi and Iraqi output was lower than originally thought, while production in the United Arab Emirates was higher. Totals in the table below are rounded. April March Baseline Pledged Cut Compliance Jan. 1 output for cut cut achieved (pct)* target output Algeria 1.07 1.07 1.089 50,000 19,000 38 1.039 Angola 1.68 1.61 1.751 78,000 71,000 91 1.673 Ecuador 0.53 0.53 0.548 26,000 18,000 69 0.522 Gabon 0.20 0.20 0.202 9,000 2,000 22 0.193 Iran** 3.78 3.77 3.707 -90,000 -73,000 3.797 Iraq 4.40 4.440 4.561 210,000 161,000 77 4.351 Kuwait 2.71 2.700 2.838 131,000 128,000 98 2.707 Qatar 0.62 0.62 0.648 30,000 28,000 93 0.618 Saudi Arabia 9.97 9.95 (R) 10.544 486,000 574,000 118 10.058 UAE 2.94 2.95 (R) 3.013 139,000 73,000 53 2.874 Venezuela 2.02 2.06 2.067 95,000 47,000 49 1.972 TOTAL OPEC 11 29.92 29.90(R) 30.968 1,164,000 1,048,000 90 29.804 Libya 0.55 0.6 0.351 Nigeria 1.5 1.55 1.594 TOTAL OPEC 13 31.97 32.05(R) 31.749*** R = Revised * Compliance is calculated by the following method in the table above: Baseline for cut minus April output = cut achieved divided by pledged cut = percentage compliance ** Iran is allowed a small increase in the deal. *** OPEC target based on the 32.50 million bpd ceiling OPEC announced on Nov. 30, 2016, minus Indonesia and using reference production figures listed in an internal OPEC document for Libya and Nigeria. The Reuters survey aims to assess crude supply to market, defined to exclude movements to, but not sales from, storage. Saudi and Kuwaiti data includes the Neutral Zone. Venezuelan data includes upgraded synthetic oil. Nigerian output includes the Agbami stream and excludes Oso and Akpo condensates. (Reporting by Alex Lawler, additional reporting by Rania El Gamal; Editing by Dale Hudson)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Speech to Text for The need for sunscreen
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
but we need to make sure we're doing so safely. storm team 10's chris piper is live at deming park in terre haute he tells us a little more about what we need to be paying closer attention to. i'm live here at deming park, and this is one place where people come to spend their sunny days, but if you're coming outside for a day, you might want to make sure you're wearing sunscreen. this summer has been hot, which just goes to show how powerful the sun has been. because of that, we need to pay extra attention to our skin. "with summer time upon us, a lot more sunny days, its definitely important to be wearing, you know, like an spf 30 or higher broad spectrum sunscreen." ryan patterson works at biltmore dermatology in terre haute. he says sunscreen is your best line of defense against the sun, and that's because it protects against many things. "it provides not only protection with uva rays, but uvb. uva rays penetrate a little deeper in the skin, uvb rays a little more superficially." so what should you look for, when it comes to choosing between different products? "actually the number one rated sunscreen in consumer reports magazine for four years straight is one that's over the counter called anthelios. it was rated a 100, it's an spf 60." and always remember, when you're going outside, you should always be using sunscreen. "really if you can see to go outside from sunrise to sunset, you really should be putting it on. you should be applying, re applying every two hours, especially if you're sweating or swimming." and by remembering these simple steps, you'll keep you and your family a little safer. now patterson also says you can be burned even on cloudy days, because those uva and uvb rays still shine through the clouds. for now, reporting in terre haute, chris piper, storm team 10. don't forget to think about your
A Hampton teenager's selfless wish helped rescue dogs find new homes Saturday.
Scroll for more content...
There were a lot of cute faces behind the cages at New Hampshire SPCA in Stratham.
But in this instance, 13-year-old Brooklyn Gallagher doesn't want them for herself.
"I wanted to make a day where I could rescue animals usually down south where they have a lot of high-kill shelters," she said.
After Brooklyn was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma, she was granted a wish that could've sent her jetting off to a foreign place or meeting a celebrity.
But she chose to fulfill it by helping the creatures she loves the most.
"It just makes me feel sick to my stomach to think that animals can be put down for no apparent reason except there's not enough space, so I just wanted to help them find their forever home and be able to live their life to the longest," Brooklyn said.
Thanks to Brooklyn's Adoption Day on Saturday, a group of dogs brought to New Hampshire from a high-kill shelter have a new lease on life.
"When people come here, they're going to fill out an application and we're going to try to fit them with the best dog we can," Brooklyn said.
While they may not be going home with the teenager with a heart of gold, they are going home with someone who'll love them and that's what matters to her.
"Come adopt some animals," she said.
Neither complainant Larry Gadon nor committee chairman Reynaldo Umali are prepared for the influx of information during the House justice committee hearing
Published 9:08 AM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – In the weeks after he filed an impeachment complaint against Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno, complainant Larry Gadon made it a point to remind both reporters and members of the House that although he didn't have personal knowledge of the allegations, he had the next best thing: the promise that those who did would testify.
It was a promise fulfilled on Monday, December 11, as 4 associate justices of the Supreme Court – 3 of them incumbent members – testified as the House committee on justice deliberated on probable cause in his impeachment case against Sereno.
“The performance is beyond my expectation because they even related matters which are also related to my complaint but more than confirmed the allegations which are stated in my complaint,” Gadon told Rappler in an interview after the 12-hour-long hearing.
If Associate Justice Teresita Leonardo-de Castro's earlier testimony gave the committee and the public a peek into the deep divide within the High Court, the testimonies of the 3 other justices revealed a disdain over repeated “transgressions” of the Chief Justice.
All 4 complained about Sereno's apparent pattern of deciding on her own without properly consulting the Supreme Court en banc, or all justices of the High Court.
Associate Justice Francis Jardeleza, whose inclusion in a short list for Supreme Court appointees Sereno apparently tried to block, accused her of treason.
“Kung baga sa ano, sinobrahan pa nila (They went beyond my expectations). The other matters just came out today, that would also help in improving the case,” said Gadon, who attended the Monday hearing but barely spoke.
Committee chairman Reynaldo Umali said he did not expect the justices' testimonies as well.
“Other issues came out, including treason. And these issues are raised direct against the Chief Justice, on her fitness to continue holding public office. These are matters that I think will resonate in the minds of the members of the justice committee,” he told reporters after the hearing.
Umali said that other allegations that are not in the complaint but raised in the hearings should also be answered by Sereno.
“The impeachment committee is here, in fact, to exact public accountability. If these are accountable acts for which the chief justice should be made to answer, then we are not precluded from answering any and all charges that have a bearing on her fitness to hold public office,” he said.
Thus far, the committee has fleshed out several allegations against Sereno, including her mistakes in the issuance of a temporary restraining order (TRO) over party-list group proclamations, the establishment of the Regional Court Administrative Office (RCAO) in Region 7, the Jardeleza case, the delay in the benefits of retired judges and justices, and "clustering" in the Judicial and Bar Council, among others.
Of these, Umali said, the TRO, RCAO, and delayed benefits issues have been the most discussed so far. There are several other allegations, including her alleged misuse of funds in the purchase of a luxury car and supposed failure to be truthful in declaring her assets, that have yet to be fleshed out.
And while it takes only one complaint for an impeachable official to be convicted by the Senate, Gadon wants it all. “I want more. Because I want to prove those who are doubting my complaints. I want to prove to them that I have all ammunition versus Sereno,” he said.
Sereno's team of spokespersons dismissed the justices' testimonies as “pure hugot” and petty, but Umali said the issue is ultimately about Sereno's fitness to lead the judiciary.
“If we are looking at fitness to continue holding public office, you know this has something to do with management. When you say you are a good manager, you must do things right. This has something to do also with leadership,” he said.
Several lawmakers attempted to ask justices directly if the allegations against Sereno were culpable violations of the Constitution and therefore, an impeachable offense.
All of them declined to give an answer.
The committee will resume deliberations on probable cause in 2018, when session resumes. Congress is set to adjourn on December 15 yet but it will have to discuss several important issues before it goes on break, including President Rodrigo Duterte's plan to extend martial law in Mindanao.
Umali earlier said he hopes to put the complaint to a vote by January 2018, at the latest. The comittee will then come up with a report, on whether to junk the complaint or impeach Sereno.
A one-third vote of the House in favor of the complaint is all it will take for Sereno to be impeached.
She will then be tried by the Senate, sitting as an impeachment court. – Rappler.com
CONCORD, N.C. — Denny Hamlin won the pole Friday night for the NASCAR Cup playoff race Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Hamlin turned a lap at 191.598 mph on the 1 1/2-mile oval for his first pole of the season. He'll share the front row with Joe Gibbs Racing teammate Matt Kenseth.
Hamlin has wins at New Hampshire and Darlington this year, but has never won at Charlotte.
"This is a track position-type race track," Hamlin said. "You want to have that first pit stall and have the clean air."
Warmup recently introduced the DCM-Pro floor heating system, combining anti-fracture protection, floor heating, and WiFi controls. The system is comprised of a 1/4” castellated membrane, the Warmup DCM-Pro Heating Cable and Warmup 4iE Thermostat.
The pre-spaced channels on the DCM-Pro Membrane make it easy to space and lay the DCM-Pro Cable evenly to ensure even heating throughout the floor. Cables can be spaced at 2”, 3” or 4” for the highest flexibility in heat outputs, from comfort to primary heating. The DCM-Pro Cable is durable and flexible due to its ETFE inner jacket for high heat outputs and a PVC outer sleeve, for a smooth installation and protection of the cable.
The TCNA-tested DCM-Pro membrane can be attached to wood and cement subfloors using any tile adhesive thanks to a patented design with Hydration Vents. The patented DCM-Pro design of the membrane allows for more adhesive to connect with the cable and thereby distribute the heat more evenly, leaving no hot and cold spots. Installers can use either modified or unmodified adhesives over the membrane to suit their installation needs. The DCM-Pro membrane can even be covered with self-levelling mortars to allow installation of small format tiles and other floor types such as glue-down wood and multilayer flooring.The design of the DCM-Pro Membrane protects the cable from mechanical damage caused by walking on the system, as well as any other possible harm to the system caused by buckets, tools, or a trowel when tiling. This leads to a reduced risk of installation failures.
The 4iE thermostat can program itself using a smartphone location and the occasional override. WiFi capability also allow users to vary settings by zone. The 4iE is designed to be unobtrusive in both modern and traditionally styled homes, with high-gloss effect front faces, and bevelled chrome edges to reflect wall colors. A range of vinyl overlays are available in both multiple color and textured metal and wood effects. The large color touchscreen can be customized with different themes and uploadable photo backgrounds.
The DCM-Pro Cable comes with a 30-year warranty and SafetyNet installation guarantee. The DCM-Pro Membrane has been rated as up to Heavy Commercial under the C627 Robinson test and has been tested by the TCNA to the ASTM 118.12 standards.
For more information, visit www.warmup.com
× Health chief, 4 others charged with manslaughter in Flint water deaths
FLINT, Mich. (AP) — Five people, including the head of Michigan's health department, were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter in an investigation of Flint's lead-contaminated water, all blamed in the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Nick Lyon is the highest-ranking member of Republican Gov. Rick Snyder's administration to be snagged in a criminal investigation of how the city's water system became poisoned after officials tapped the Flint River in 2014.
Lyon, 48, the director of the Health and Human Services Department, is accused of failing to alert the majority-black population about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
If convicted, Lyon and the others charged with involuntary manslaughter could each face up to 15 years in prison.
“The health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems,” said state Attorney General Bill Schuette, who said his probe is moving to the trial phase and signaled that Snyder, who has apologized for his administration's failures that led to and prolonged the crisis, may not be charged.
“We only file criminal charges when evidence of probable cause of a crime has been established. And we're not filing charges at this time,” he said.
Lyon also is charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers who are studying if the surge in cases was linked to the Flint River.
The others charged with involuntary manslaughter were already facing other charges. They are: Darnell Earley, who was Flint's emergency manager when the city used the river; Howard Croft, who ran Flint's public works department; Liane Shekter Smith; and Stephen Busch. Shekter Smith and Busch were state environmental regulators.
Prosecutors also brought charges Wednesday against a sixth person — the state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, 54, who is accused of obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
“Dr. Wells vehemently denies the charges,” defense attorney Jerry Lax said.
Shekter Smith's lawyer, Brian Morley, said: “It's my understanding neither she nor the Department of Environmental Quality were responsible for legionella issues. So I fail to see why the charge is being filed against Liane.”
Earley's attorney Todd Perkins said he's “very disappointed in these new charges,” adding his client has “done nothing wrong.”
Other attorneys in the case have not returned calls seeking comment from The Associated Press.
Snyder expressed support for Lyon and Wells.
“Director Lyon and Dr. Wells have been and continue to be instrumental in Flint's recovery,” he said in a statement. “They have my full faith and confidence, and will remain on duty at DHHS.”
Flint began using water from the Flint River while under state emergency management, but did not treat it to reduce corrosion. Toxic lead from old plumbing leached into the water system, causing elevated levels in children and leaving residents to drink and bathe with bottled or filtered water.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapor, typically from cooling systems.
There were nearly 100 cases in the Flint area, including 12 deaths, in 2014 and 2015.
Lyon, Croft, Earley, Shekter Smith and Busch are blamed in the death of Robert Skidmore in December 2015. He was admitted to McClaren Flint hospital in June 2015 with symptoms consistent with pneumonia. He died at home six months later.
Lyon was personally briefed in January 2015 but “took no action to alert the public of a deadly” outbreak until nearly a year later, special agent Jeff Seipenko told a judge as the charges were filed.
Lyon has admitted that he was aware of the Legionnaires' outbreak for months but wanted to delay saying anything public until state Health and Human Services Department investigators finished their own probe.
He told state lawmakers that experts likely wanted to “solve the problem” before they raised it with senior officials in the Snyder administration. The investigation, he said, “wasn't one that was easily solved.”
Schuette has now charged 15 current or former government officials in an ongoing probe that began in early 2016, including two emergency managers whom Snyder appointed to run the impoverished city of roughly 100,000 residents. The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issued a report in February blaming “systemic racism” going back decades for the problems that caused the water crisis in Flint.
In March, Corrine Miller, the state's former director of disease control, was sentenced to probation and ordered to write an apology to residents after pleading no contest to willful neglect of duty. She is a key cooperating witness for Schuette's team.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — A man accused in the stabbing death of a plumber at a construction site in Oceanside pleaded not guilty Monday to a murder charge and was ordered held on $3 million bail.
Mikhail Schmidt, 30, of Oceanside, was arrested about 5 p.m. Thursday in the 900 block of The Strand, a few blocks from the under-construction home on Windward Way where the victim's body was found about 12 hours earlier, said Oceanside police Lt. Valencia Saadat.
Related Link: Arrest made in connection to death at Oceanside construction site
Jacob Laughlin Bravo, 37, was discovered in a trailer on the site in a pool of blood. Police said Bravo's body had "obvious signs of traumatic injury,'' but a motive for the slaying remains under investigation.
Schmidt faces 26 years to life in prison if convicted of murder with a knife-use allegation.
A readiness conference is scheduled for April 10 and a preliminary hearing for May 1.
0 Police issue warning after car seat starts smoking
A mirror to keep an eye on a baby in the back seat of a car sounds like a good idea.
>> Read more trending news
But one mother posted a video on Facebook that showed how a car seat can begin smoking if a mirror is trained on it, exposing it to the heat of the sun, WCNC reported.
Amanda DeAngelis' post went viral and has had more than 9 million views, WCNC reported.
Police are issuing warnings after seeing the viral video.
"Gravity is going to take over in a crash,” said Tim Aycock, public information officer for the Matthews, North Carolina police department.
“As for the mirror you ‘secured' in your vehicle,” Aycock said, “there's no way to guarantee it's properly secured. We recommend not to put any after-market products in a vehicle. Our thing is it's not from the vehicle manufacturer, so a lot of times it may not be tested with that vehicle for that particular item."
Aycock called the video “disturbing,” WCNC reported.
“I've obviously seen the mirrors, but you wouldn't think the sun reflecting would be able to activate the fire retardant like that,” he said. “I've never seen anything like that. Obviously, there's fire retardant from airbags and things like that, and it'll put off that kind of smell, but I've never seen it actually happen on a child's seat.”
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
March 29 Fullerton Technology Co Ltd:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 1.82 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$ 0.18 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mA0KAK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
On 13 August 1945 dozen planes carrying Czechoslovak airmen who had served during the war with Britain's Royal Air Force landed at Prague's Ruzyně airport, where they met a heroes' welcome.
Among those enjoying the festivities at Ruzyně on that day was Karel Bažant, an aircraft mechanic. The returned aviators included good friends he hadn't seen in years.
“There were 54 planes. They flew across Prague, turned around and came back via Prague Castle and landed at Ruzyně. Then we all rushed forward so we could be there to welcome them. We were glad that it had it was all over and they had returned in good health, albeit late.”
Starting in 1940, around 2,500 men had signed up to the RAF's Czechoslovak squadrons. More than 500 of them met their deaths.
General Emil Boček flew with the 310 Squadron and is today, at 94, one of the few surviving Czech RAF veterans.
A participant in over two dozen operations over Germany, France, the Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark, he made international news last year for flying in a Spitfire after a gap of seven decades.
General Boček was on one of those planes returning from the UK in August 1945 – and explains why the journey home took longer than planned.
“On August 7 we set off in 54 planes for Czechoslovakia. After two hours and 25 minutes we landed in Germany to refuel before flying home. But then it started to rain and became foggy and we ended up spending a whole week there. On August 13 we set off again but we couldn't fly directly to Prague, because that would have meant flying through the Russian zone and the Russians didn't give us permission. So we flew to the east and went via Plzeň to Prague, to Ruzyně.”
A few days later, on August 21, 1945, the airmen were given an enormous homecoming on Prague's Old Town Square.
However, the jubilation was not to last long for the returning heroes. Following the Communist takeover of 1948 many were imprisoned and suffered other forms of persecution.
It was not until after the return of democracy at the very end of the 1980s that they began to fully receive the respect they deserved.
TORONTO, April 12 Canada's main stock index ended lower on Wednesday, weighed down by losses among its heavyweight financial and natural resource sectors, while BlackBerry Ltd surged after a favorable arbitration ruling.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index unofficially closed down 78.71 points, or 0.50 percent, at 15,648.40. Half of its 10 main industry groups fell. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp, editing by G Crosse)
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
Bear Break
The Headstash went to Bear and caught some end of season slush park rays.
TUNIS, April 9 Tunisia fired coach Henryk Kasperczak after discussions over an amicable settlement of his contract stalled, the Tunisian Football Federation said on Sunday.
The federation had been in talks to negotiate an early termination to the 70-year-old's contract even though Tunisia top their World Cup qualifying group. But with no settlement agreed, the former Poland international was fired on Friday.
“It was not possible to find common ground and therefore we decide on a unilateral separation,” the Tunisian Football Federation said in a statement.
Tunisia soccer officals said Kasperczak had not made sufficient progress with the team despite leading them to the quarter-finals of the African Nations Cup in January and achieving a 100 percent record in Group A of Africa's World Cup qualifiers, where they share top place with the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Tunisia were knocked out by Burkina Faso in the Nations Cup and last month they lost friendly internationals against Cameroon and Morocco.
Kasperczak has had two spells in charge of Tunisia. He guided them to a runner-up finish in the 1996 Nations Cup and also helped them to qualify for 1998 World Cup finals in France.
He returned for a second spell in July 2015. (Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
A unique community service program at Grafton Correctional Institution created by an inmate group is helping offenders get a head start on a second chance.
Scroll for more content...
The program, which is in conjunction with the national non-profit organization Planet Aid, allows inmates to help pay down fines and court costs by refurbishing the non-profit organization's clothing recycling bins. Upon their release, the inmates are provided with clothing that will prepare them to walk into job interviews.
In a back warehouse tucked into the corner of the expansive correctional facility, a handful of inmates wearing painter's smocks are hard at work. Corner by corner, bin by bin, they work diligently, silently and efficiently. Their work on rehabbing the often weathered, beaten and bent recycling bins began less than a year ago.
They've rehabbed more than 450 of them.
"These guys take their job very seriously as far as sanding, cleaning and getting these boxes ready to go," said James "Paul" Hendrix, the penal industries manager at Grafton Correctional Institution (GCI).
"Giving these guys this kind of opportunity, this kind of thing, that's unique. That's unique across the country," he said.
Spend just a few minutes with Hendrix and you won't hear him use the term 'inmate' or 'offender.' He calls them men. And it's not a matter of semantics.
"My philosophy in life has always been treat someone the way you want them to become - not the way that they have been. That goes even for me," Hendrix said. "I hope to leave everybody better than I found them and I think that's true with these guys too. When they leave here, they want to be better men than they were when they came here. This is one of the projects that helps them do that."
It all started with an idea. The inmate group 'Go Home to Stay Home' wanted a community service project that could possibly allow inmates to chip away at their often-crippling fines and court costs. By doing so, the inmate group theorized offenders who are released from GCI might be less likely to re-offend.
That's how the partnership with Planet Aid began.
"It's skills training. It's the purpose of life. It is being engaged in something more meaningful. Without a doubt it has a great benefit to society at large," said Kai Nielsen, a regional manager for Planet Aid, a registered non-profit. "It aligns very much with our core mission to further recycling in the United States and support development-aid projects in the poorest parts of the world."
Planet Aid collects and recycles used clothing that is donated and deposited inside the thousands of large, yellow bins that are scattered across the country. There are dozens of bins in Northeast Ohio. Once the clothing is collected and organized, many of the garments are sent to impoverished nations. Money from the sale of some of the clothing is also used to fund development projects, including water wells in many African countries.
But because those bins are left in the elements, vandalized or hit by the occasional distracted driver, the bins are in a constant cycle of needing repair. That's when the inmates come in.
"When these bins come in, they're beat up. We leave no stone unturned basically," said Adam, a GCI inmate and board member of the inmate group Go Home to Stay Home. "There's not a lot to do around here. It gives them responsibility. It gives them something to do. We have a lot of inmate jobs but those jobs don't take up a lot of your time during the day. It gives them something to come back and do and feel self-worth and responsibility."
The group members quickly gravitated to the program when it was launched in July 2017. The inmates at GCI are considered level one or level two, often the most well-behaved inmates in the state correctional system. Because of this, the inmates are granted access to special programs including vocational training and even the training of therapy dogs. According to state records, the rate of inmates who re-offend within three years of their release is around 30 percent, which is significantly below the national average of more than 60 percent. Many state officials point to these programs within prison walls as the reason for a lower recidivism rate compared to the national average.
In fact, reducing recidivism is in GCI's mission statement.
Here's a look at what you need to know about nightclub fires worldwide including the 2003 fire at The Station nightclub in West Warwick, Rhode Island, that killed 100 people and injured 200.
Scroll for more content...
A list of nightclub fires worldwide: This list includes nightclub fires with victims of 50 or more (the list is not exhaustive).
April 23, 1940 - Natchez, Mississippi - More than 200 people die in a fire at the Rhythm nightclub. Boarded up windows, flammable decorations and overcrowding play a factor in the high number of deaths.
November 28, 1942 - Boston - 492 people die in a fire at the Cocoanut Grove nightclub after a lit match sets an artificial palm tree on fire. This is the deadliest nightclub fire in United States history, according to the National Fire Protection Association.
November 1, 1970 - Saint-Laurent-du-Pont, France - 146 people are killed in the Club Cinq-Sept (Club 5-7) when emergency exits are blocked and a discarded match starts a fire.
May 28, 1977 - Southgate, Kentucky - 165 are killed and another 70 injured in a fire at the Beverly Hills Supper Club.
March 25, 1990 - Bronx, New York - 87 people die in a fire caused by arson at the Happy Land social club. Intent on murdering his ex-girlfriend, Julio Gonzalez pours gasoline on the stairs trapping the victims. His ex-girlfriend survives.
March 19, 1996 - Quezon City, Philippines - More than 150 people die in a fire at the Ozone Disco Pub nightclub.
December 25, 2000 - Luoyang, China - 309 people die after a fire breaks out at a Christmas party in a dancing hall in central China.
February 20, 2003 - West Warwick, Rhode Island - 100 people are killed when they nightclub The Station goes up in flames at the start of a concert by the 1980s heavy metal band Great White. The band used a pyrotechnic display as they began playing.
December 30, 2004 - Buenos Aires - A fire at the Rep-blica Croma--n nightclub in Argentina kills 194 people after a fan ignites the club's ceiling with fireworks. The club owner is sentenced to 20 years in prison in 2009.
January 1, 2009 - Bangkok, Thailand - A fire at upscale Santika nightclub kills at least 64 people and later leads to the arrest of the nightclub's owner.
December 5, 2009 - Perm, Russia - Fireworks spark a fire at the Lame Horse nightclub, killing 156. The commercial director of the nightclub, who police say ignored safety measures, is later arrested in September 2010.
January 27, 2013 - Santa Maria, Brazil - More than 240 people die in a fire at Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil. Authorities say at least 2,000 people were in the club at the time of the fire, double its maximum capacity. Many of the people died of smoke inhalation and others were trampled in the rush for the exits. The two owners of Kiss, a member of the band Gurizada Fandangueira and a promoter, are arrested the next day.
October 30, 2015 - Bucharest, Romania - Sixty-three people die - 27 in the fire and others in the days and months that follow - and more than 150 others are injured when a spark from a pyrotechnic display causes a fire during a heavy metal concert in the nightclub Colectiv, in the city's center.
The Station Fire timeline: February 20, 2003 - A concert by the 1980s heavy metal band Great White uses a pyrotechnic display. Sparks from the display ignite highly flammable soundproofing foam tiles behind the stage and the fire quickly spreads. The Station has no sprinkler system and is over its maximum capacity of 300 people. The fire engulfs the wooden structure in less than three minutes killing 100 people and injuring 200 more.
December 9, 2003 - A grand jury indicts Jeffrey and Michael Derderian, owners of the club, and Great White tour manager Dan Biechele, the man who lit the pyrotechnic display that ignited the blaze, on 200 counts of involuntary manslaughter each. Each enters not guilty pleas during arraignment.
January 31, 2006 - Daniel Biechele, former manager of the Great White, agrees to plead guilty to 100 counts of misdemeanor manslaughter.
May 10, 2006 - Daniel Biechele is sentenced to 15 years in prison, with 11 years suspended, to be followed by three years of probation.
September 20, 2006 - Rhode Island Attorney General Patrick Lynch announces that Michael and Jeffrey Derderian will enter no-contest pleas to 100 counts of involuntary manslaughter each. Under the deal, Michael Derderian will be sentenced to four years in prison and three years on probation, with the rest of a 15-year sentence suspended, Lynch said. Jeffery Derderian won't go to prison -- his 10-year sentence will be suspended, although he faces three years of probation and 500 hours of community service.
September 5, 2007 - A tentative settlement is reached in a lawsuit between relatives of victims of the night club fire and a group of defendants that includes a manufacturer of soundproofing material, a manufacturer of pyrotechnics, an alarm company, and the company that leased the building to the night club owners. An attorney for the families states the settlement is dependent on the court appointment of someone to distribute the settlement money.
September 19, 2007 - The Rhode Island Parole Board announces that Daniel Biechele, former manager of Great White, will be released from Rhode Island state prison in March 2008, after serving less than half of his four-year prison sentence. The Parole Board cites letters of support from victims of the club fire as part of the reason for their decision.
January 16, 2008 - The Rhode Island Parole Board announces that Michael Derderian, the owner of Station Nightclub, will be released in October 2009, one year early from his four-year prison sentence.
March 19, 2008 - Daniel Biechele is released from prison, after serving less than half of his four-year sentence.
January 9, 2009 - Court-appointed Special Master Francis McGovern submits a plan to the court on how to divide a proposed $176 million settlement. The money will be divided between 300 plaintiffs. It will also be divided proportionally based on the severity of injuries and suffering, similar to the way the September 11th victims' compensation fund was apportioned.
June 2009 - Michael Derderian is released from prison, after serving less than three years.
January 7, 2010 - US District Court Judge Ronald Lagueux approves settlements for the more than 300 victims of the fire. $176 million will be distributed, with $59 million going to lawyers.
September 28, 2012 - A lawyer for Ray Villanova, the owner of the site of the nightclub fire, files papers that transfer the land to the Station Fire Memorial Foundation.
May 21, 2017 - Station Fire Memorial Park is opened to honor the victims of the Station nightclub fire.
Sometimes I try to imagine living a life vastly different than my own. I try to imagine what it would be like to be blind and deaf throughout my life, but I can't because, fortunately for me, I have always been able to see and hear.
Why do we try to imagine a life that isn't our own?
I think we do this because curiosity in any human being is a natural, usually healthy, activity. Where would we be if we didn't imagine at all in our lives? Life would be flat and we would be stuck. For those of us who live with clinical depression, we may hesitate to venture down an imaginary “better” path, as it can quickly become fruitless and frustrating. But it needsn't be so.
Recently I dared to ask myself how much time I have spent going into, being in, and coming out of depressive episodes. I was shocked and dismayed when I summed up the months and months – actually, too many years.
Then I asked myself, “What could and would I have done with my life had it been otherwise?” Merely asking the question frightened me, as I thought I might conclude that my life, so marked with black holes, has been a terrible waste.
For the first time in my life, I allowed myself to fully consider and honestly respond to that question. It was a very sobering exercise, as the would-have-done was quite different than the what-has-been. But I quickly came up with the more important question, “What have I done with what I've been given?” Yes, life has given me this disorder. I came by it partly through family genes. I didn't “make up” my illness for some perverse or compensatory reason.
In terms of my own real career, I took on meaningful work, though I couldn't do that work constantly due to my episodes. I have carved out a meaningful lifestyle and have nurtured many friendships. And I have been writing about mood disorders for 20 years.
The short answer to “What have I done…?” is “The best I could do,” and I am doing my best now within the existing parameters of self-understanding, compassionate friends and family, and competent medical care.
My life couldn't have been different back then. I had not lost valuable opportunities. I had merely missed out on impossibilities. Having asked and answered the “back then” question, I can quite honestly say, “This has been my life. This is my life. And it is worthwhile.”
The most I, or anyone, can do today is live fully in the present. The future for those of us with mood disorders looks brighter than ever before. On the personal front, I will continue with the excellent ongoing medical care I have carefully chosen and maintained, and I will continue to seek and apply new techniques of self-care.
Now instead of asking myself, “What if I didn't have this disorder?” I ask, “What more can I do, given that I have it?”
-Nan Dickie is the facilitator of a peer-led depression support group in Salmon Arm. Meetings are held the first and third Mondays at Askews Uptown community room at noon. Everyone, including supporters, welcome. For info, email ndickie@telus.net or call 250-832-3733.
On Monday's broadcast of CNN's “New Day,” Charlottesville, VA Mayor Michael Signer stated that President Trump missed the mark by not specifically condemning white supremacists.
advertisement
Signer said, “I've already spent enough time talking about Donald Trump. He is our president, with respect. But, I think it speaks for itself. He had his moment. I mean, these are times for leadership. He already seems — thinking about working families and solutions, which I have to do all the time as a mayor of a city like this, is just kind of put action on the table and get things done. He kind of had his opportunity and he whiffed, and I think that speaks for itself.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
PARIS (Reuters) - France condemned on Friday attacks by suspected English-speaking separatists in Cameroon that killed three gendarmes on Thursday, but urged the Cameroonian government to engage in dialogue to stop an escalation in violence.
The separatists have taken up arms over the past year in an attempt to create a nation they call Ambazonia. The insurgency represents the gravest challenge yet to the 35-year rule of Cameroon's President Paul Biya.
France, which has significant business interests in its former colony and relies on it to fight against Islamist militants, has been careful not to overly criticise the government's handling of the crisis.
“France condemns the new killings of law enforcement officials that took place on 1 February in Cameroon,” Foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Von der Muhll told reporters in a daily briefing after three gendarmes were killed in separate clashes on Thursday in towns in the North West Region.
She said only dialogue would enable a peaceful response to the concerns of all sides and ensure the unity and integrity of the country.
“This is a message we are also passing on to the Cameroonian authorities, in close consultation with our European and international partners,” the spokeswoman added.
Violence has flared in the past week, with armed separatist factions clashing against Cameroon security forces in several towns and villages in the two English-speaking regions after Nigeria deported the leader of the self-declared state and 46 others.
The United Nations refugee agency condemned the handing over of the 47 people, saying most of them had submitted asylum claims and their forced return was in violation of international refugee law.
More than 43,000 Cameroonians have fled as refugees to Nigeria to escape the government crackdown on the separatists, say local aid officials. The majority are in Nigeria's Cross River state, which borders southwest Cameroon.
White House officials report that the influx of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) arrests at the border resulted in a backlog of more than 76,000 hearings in immigration courts. Officials say this is up from only 4,000 backlogged cases in Fiscal Year 2010.
The increase in backlogged immigration hearings comes not only from minors apprehended at the border but from a 636 percent increase during the past year in UACs presenting themselves at the nation's ports of entry, National Review reported. These numbers are compounded by the 315 percent increase (October 2017 – February 2018) in illegal immigrants attempting to use children so they can pose as family units to gain entry to the U.S., White House officials told the news outlet.
The White House blames Democrats in Congress for failing to address border security and immigration reform.
“Democrat policies preserving catastrophic asylum loopholes have led to a 600,000 caseload backlogs that swamps out legitimate asylum seekers while overwhelming the entire U.S. immigration system and perpetuating a hemispheric migration crisis at enormous cost to U.S. taxpayers and American lives,” officials stated.
Since October 1, 2016, immigration officials released more than 110,000 UACs into the U.S. interior, National Review stated, quoting reports from the Department of Health and Human Services. Legal loopholes the White House seeks to close prevent the administration from being able to reject the minors at the border or remove them from the interior of the U.S. Of the 7,635 UACs placed with sponsors during the first three months of this fiscal year, only five were removed from the U.S.
Officials stated that about 6,000 UACs fail to appear in court each year after receiving a Notice to Appear when they are released into the U.S. Reports indicate that 90 percent of the UACs ordered removed are due to minors failing to appear for the hearings.
In additions, the high percentage of unaccompanied minors flocking to the U.S. from El Salvador and Honduras have become easy recruits for the hyperviolent MS-13 gang. Nearly 500 individuals arrested during this year's Operation Matador gang crackdown “crossed the border as unaccompanied minors—that's more than 36% of those arrested — all of which were confirmed as MS-13 gang members.” officials stated.
White House officials stated:
The Administration has repeatedly advocated for the closure to federal immigration loopholes that would allow for the swift, safe, and expeditious return of illegal alien minors, adults, and families at the southern border. However, the Democratic Party has repeatedly opposed these loophole closures in favor of preserving “catch-and-release” policies that make a mockery of national sovereignty. The Administration is hopeful that the Democratic Party will abandon its position of open borders and will support the Administration's common-sense reforms to close catch-and-release loopholes, so all illegal aliens caught at the border can be returned home expeditiously.
It took Donald Trump two days and global pressure to condemn Nazis. It took him mere hours to complain about being forced to do it.
Twin City Mission Launches A Million Dollar Capital Improvement And Community Awareness Campaign
Twin City Mission has launched a $1.3 million dollar capital improvement campaign.
Chairman Steve Vaughn says there is also an awareness component to the campaign, which is titled “Because You Care We Can”.
Twin City Mission is composed of The Bridge homeless shelter, housing services for the homeless, Phoebe's Home for victims of domestic violence and their families, the Star program that provides counseling and training to at-risk youth and their families, and the mission's resale stores.
The campaign goes towards improvements at Phoebe's Home, The Bridge, and paying off the remaining debt when The Bridge moved to its current location nine years ago.
Campaign events include a red carpet premiere of the movie based on the book “Same Kind Of Different As Me”. This is the story of a wealthy art dealer from Ft. Worth, and his wife and a homeless man becoming best of friends. Ticket information for the October 18th premiere are available by calling the Twin City Mission office at 979-822-7511.
More information is online at twincitymission.org.
Click below for comments from Steve Vaughn, visiting with WTAW's Bill Oliver.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Easter is shortly approaching and with this comes the Easter holidays. There are many events throughout Yorkshire which will not only take place over the Easter weekend, but during the whole of the Easter holidays.
These are fun, creative events which will allow both you and your children to get involved with the spirit of Easter, have fun and keep the little ones entertained throughout the holiday period.
Take part in an Easter Egg hunt during the School holidays
Easter Trail, Bolton Abbey Estate, Bolton Abbey, North Yorkshire
This event is fun for all the family as you explore Strid Wood with your little ones, completing tasks around the trail in order to crack the Easter Bunny's code.
Make sure to keep an eye out for the larger than life bunnies who will be wearing brightly coloured coats and hiding in the trees.
There's also a fun family activity in which you can upload a selfie of your family wearing their ‘ears', in order to be entered into a free prize draw with the chance of winning a Bolton Abbey Season Ticket.
Photo by Paul Atkinson. Join the Easter Bunny at events taking place throughout Yorkshire
The Easter Trail will run every day from Friday March 30– Sunday April 15, coinciding with the Easter holidays. The Easter Bunny will be also be making an appearance over the Easter weekend, from March 30- April 2.
For further information click here.
Easter Eggspress, Kirklees Light Railway, Huddersfield, West Yorkshire
Take your family on an adventure by hopping onto the Kirklees Light Railway Easter Eggspress and travel by steam train to meet the Easter Bunny.
There will be a range of activities, including helping the Easter Bunny to find his lost carrots, Egg & Spoon Races for all the family, platform rides, bouncy castles, giant lawn games, face painting, adventure playgrounds and much more. This is all included in the cost of your ticket, along with a return train ride.
The Easter Eggspress will run from Friday 30 March- Monday April 2, but advance booking is advised.
The first train of the day will depart from Clayton West at 10am and do so every 40 minutes until the final train departs Clayton West at 4pm.
For further information click here.
Mad about Madagascar, Tropical Butterfly House, Sheffield, South Yorkshire
The Mad About Madagascar event at the Tropical Butterfly House in Sheffield, will take place from March 24 – April 15.
You and the kids can meet incredible Madagascan species up close and there's even a children's Easter Egg Trail on Easter Sunday and Monday.
There will also be opportunities available to meet the Easter bunnies and chicks, go on a free tractor trailer ride, and take part in Easter and Madagascar-themed crafts and activities.
For more information click here.
Peter Rabbit Easter Adventure, Prophecy House, High Bridge, Knaresborough, North Yorkshire
This event entails following the Mother Shipton Easter trail in order to meet characters from Beatrix Potter's Peter Rabbit stories. Props and characters will bring the story of the Peter Rabbit to life as you walk through the woodland, with actors dressed as characters interacting with all the family and helping you to complete a themed quiz sheet.
You will also be able to see the famous Petrifying Well and Mother Shipton's Cave, or if you fancy it you can have a picnic alongside the popular River Nidd.
This fun-filled event will run daily Monday March 26 Sunday April 15.
For more information click here.
Cadbury Easter Egg Hunt, Fountains Abbey, Ripon, North Yorkshire
Explore Fountains Abbey with the kids in this fun Easter Egg Hunt. Use your map to help Brother Thomas find all of his escaped willow farm animals who are hiding in corners of the abbey.
When you find them all you can claim your chocolate prize!
For more information click here.
Easter Trails and Family Fun Day at Sewerby Hall and Gardens, East Yorkshire
Sewerby Hall and Gardens are hosting daily Easter trails throughout the Easter holidays from March 24-April 8.
This will involve having to correctly answer the clues spread around the house in order to claim an Easter treat, culminating on April 8 with a family fun day.
This event will take place from 10am-4pm and there will be donkey rides, face painting, sumo suits, giant inflatables and hay bales.
For more information click here.
Mad Hatters Easter Adventure, Meadowhall, Sheffield, South Yorkshire
This Easter, Meadowhall Shopping Centre will be hosting an Alice in Wonderland themed adventure from April 3 - 15.
This will involve the Queen of Hearts transforming your children into little white rabbits, by giving each child a pair of headphones to wear, complete with bunny ears. They will then be transported into a magical world of audio and visual play. This interactive activity will allow children to listen to different tales whilst also learning and perform actions, bringing the story of Alice to life in a fun and creative way.
There's also the chance to win prizes by sharing photos of your children dressed as bunnies on the Easter-themed selfie board.
For further information click here.
Magical Easter Eggventure, Skipton Castle Woods, North Yorkshire
Explore the woods which accompany Skipton Castle and meet the fairies and the Wizard from Rusticus theatre. Use your trail sheet to seek out clues and once you've all found the items scattered throughout the woods you can claim your prize, this being a delicious handmade chocolate treat.
This adventure will begin from the main entrance to Skipton woods, which is located just a short 10 minute walk from Skipton high street.
For further information click here.
It's a Mad Hatter of an Easter, Lotherton Hall, West Yorkshire
From March 24- April 15 your children can get involved with this magical Alice in Wonderland themed adventure.
Follow the Mad Hatter's trail, which will include playing hopping games with the Easter Bunny and meeting the Mad Hatter and his friends.
You can also see live hatching displays in the Bird Garden or become involved with spring craft activities and outdoor games.
For more information click here.
Animal Egg Hunt at Leeds City Museum, West Yorkshire
Explore the museum and learn more about history by taking the kids to this fun, yet educational, Animal Egg Hunt.
Animal eggs will be laid amongst the artefacts all around the museum and you and your family can follow this free Egg Hunt in order to find all of the eggs and find out more about the animals that laid them.
This event will run from March 30-April 15.
For more information click here.
April 20 Orange Sa
* Chief Executive Stephane Richard says on sidelines of news conference new banking service Orange Bank to reach break even point in four to five years, aims to reach the 2 million client thresholds in 10 years Further company coverage: (Reporting by paris.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Texas A&M System Gets Third Cell Phone Contract For Kyle Field Game Days
The Texas A&M system has generated more than $11.5 million dollars from its high speed fiber broadband service at the renovated Kyle Field.
System officials have announced a contract with a third cell phone company…T-Mobile…whose customers will be able to access the service that was installed two years ago.
The five year contract, which also includes Metro PCS customers, will give the system $3.5 million dollars.
That's in addition to $3.7 million from AT&T and more than $4.3 million from Verizon.
The high speed service, which system officials say many college and pro teams are trying to replicate, allows more than 100,000 users to call, text, and access apps at the same time.
News release from the Texas A&M system:
Texas A&M University System Chancellor John Sharp announced a partnership Tuesday that will provide enhanced Wi-Fi connectivity as well as cellular services at Kyle Field.
Bellevue, Washington-based T-Mobile becomes the third major wireless carrier to contract with The Texas A&M University System to improve game-day service for their customers. Under the agreement, T-Mobile will pay $3.5 million to be a part of the Corning ONEtm fiber network installed within Kyle Field during this initial five-year contract, Chancellor Sharp said.
“I am glad to add T-Mobile to our team of providing speedy and reliable service at Kyle Field,” Chancellor Sharp said. “Now, even more of our faithful fans in the stadium will be able to tap into a powerful network and easily send out great news about Aggie football.”
T-Mobile US, Inc., known as America's Un-carrier, is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company's advanced nationwide 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences to 71.5 million customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS.
The renovation of Kyle Field, which was completed in 2015, included a new data network that allows for extraordinarily high usage of data of all kinds, including points of sale at the concession stands, text messages from fans' phones and video streaming. The network allows more than 100,000 people to make calls, send texts or access in-game apps simultaneously.
Phillip Ray, vice chancellor of Business Affairs for the Texas A&M University System, said that Chancellor Sharp empowered his team to build a state-of-the-art facility – one that would rival or surpass professional football stadiums and enhance Kyle Field's already legendary game-day experience.
“He wanted iconic Kyle Field to have the most-connected fans anywhere in the country, and having T-Mobile come aboard in such a significant way clearly affirms that the Corning ONE Wireless platform is indeed delivering just that,” Vice Chancellor Ray said.
Before the overhaul of Kyle Field, Chancellor Sharp had promised the most state-of-the-art data network in all college sports. And by the time the two-year renovation was complete, the stadium had set a standard that many college and pro teams now are trying to replicate.
The Corning ONEtm fiber network, which was installed in Kyle Field by IBM, represents Corning Optical's commitment to creating a bolder, brighter broadband future by providing fans the first large-scale, all-optical solution for their cellular, Wi-Fi and Ethernet needs.
QUITE THE RIDE A Tricycle Powered By A Chainsaw Motor Looks Like Way Too Much Fun
Every college campus should have a fleet of these for students who have long distances between classes.
By Dominique Patton and Hallie Gu
BEIJING (Reuters) - Dow Chemical Co secured import approval from China for its next-generation Enlist corn variety and announced it would be commercially available in the United States and Canada next year, but the company was still awaiting approval of Enlist soybeans from the world's top soy importer.
China on Wednesday approved two new varieties of genetically modified (GMO) crops for import from June 12, including Dow's Enlist corn, engineered to combat weeds resistant to the widely used herbicide glyphosate, which is the main ingredient in Monsanto's popular Roundup herbicide.
China, the top export market for U.S. agricultural products, had pledged in May to speed up a review of biotech products as part of a trade deal with the United States, expediting eight products that have been pending for more than four years.
Along with Enlist corn, Monsanto's Vistive Gold soybeans were also approved for import, the Ministry of Agriculture said in a statement.
"We're very pleased to see the progress that's being made, that's been catalyzed by the discussions between the U.S. government and the Chinese government," said Joe Vertin, global leader for Dow's Enlist Weed Control System.
The Enlist platform is Dow AgroScience's largest-ever product launch and key to reaching its forecast for boosting seed sales by $600 million by 2020. Dow's Enlist soybeans are still being reviewed by officials in China and the European Union.
The approvals of new GMO imports follow an agreement on protocols for shipments of U.S. beef to China that was also promised under the broader trade deal last month.
China does not permit the planting of genetically modified food crops but does allow GMO imports, such as soybeans, for use in its animal feed industry.
Getting a new GMO crop variety approved for import by China takes around six years, compared with under three in other major markets, forcing leading agrichemical players to restrict sales during China's review process.
"We are aware of the latest updates of the approval process and are encouraged by the fast progress that the Chinese government has made," said a spokeswoman for DuPont Pioneer, which is awaiting approval for an insect-tolerant corn.
"We look forward to more products getting approval."
The agriculture ministry said it had also renewed import approvals for 14 other GMO varieties including Syngenta's MIR162 Agrisure Viptera corn, a Monsanto sugar beet and three Bayer rapeseed products.
The approvals were for a three-year period lasting to 2020, the statement said.
Shares of Dow fell 1.1 percent and Monsanto was barely changed at midday.
(Reporting by Dominique Patton and Hallie Gu in Beijing, Karl Plume in Chicago; Editing by Tom Hogue and Andrew Hay)
See the stars of Netflix's 'Okja' take selfies with fans and sign autographs on the red carpet
Published 12:58 AM, June 14, 2017
SEOUL, South Korea – Fans were screaming for their favorite Hollywood and South Korean stars as they hit the Seoul Times Square red carpet on Tuesday, June 13, for Netflix's Okja.
Among the movie's stars who flew over from the US were Tilda Swinton and Giancarlo Esposito. Korean actors like Steven Yeun and young actress An Seo-Hyun were also in attendance, along with director Bong Joon-Ho (The Host, Snowpiercer).
Produced by Netflix and Brad Pitt's Plan B Entertainment, Okja follows Korean farmgirl Mija (An Seo-Hyun) as she sets out to save her giant pet pig from slaughter at the hands of a multi-national corporation.
"I just love bringing Okja home to Korea," Tilda told the crowd after signing autographs and posing for selfies.
"I just love bringing #Okja home to Korea." Check out Tilda Swinton and the movie's cast on the red carpet at https://t.co/OvDawR19XE! pic.twitter.com/YXbOxwgF2A — Rappler (@rapplerdotcom) June 13, 2017
Check out photos of the cast and director on the red carpet, and catch them in the video above too!
The movie was in competition at the Cannes Film Festival 2017, where it made headlines for not being shown in French cinemas. Okja will only be released theatrically in the US and Korea.
Okja will be on Netflix on June 28. – Rappler.com
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
PARIS (Reuters) - French insurer AXA announced on Tuesday it would quadruple its investments in environmentally-friendly projects by 2020 to 9 billion euros ($10.60 billion) and disinvest further from the coal industry.
"In 2015 AXA committed to reach 3 billion euros in green investments by 2020. Given that this target has already been reached, the Group has decided to quadruple its original target and reach 12 billion euros by 2020," the insurer said.
French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting a climate summit this week where he will press rich countries to increase financing for dealing with climate change and urge investors worldwide to turn their backs on polluters in a bid to accelerate efforts to combat global warming.
With respect to disinvesting from the coal industry, Axa will target companies that derive more than 30 percent of their revenue from coal. It also said it would not insure any new coal mines or oil sands projects, including associated pipeline businesses. ($1 = 0.8488 euros) (Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva and Matthieu Protard; editing by Richard Lough, Greg Mahlich)
Recent news:
Beazley and Korean Re close SPA for 2018
Catrin Shi and Adam McNestrie 11 December 2017
Beazley and Korean Re have mutually agreed to put their special purpose arrangement (SPA) 6050 into run-off for 2018, The Insurance Insider understands.
Sources suggested the two parties decided it was no longer beneficial to continue running the SPA, which was initially planned as a stepping stone for Korean Re to set up a full syndicate after two or three years.
Korean Re has since decided to postpone those plans, sources said.
This publication reported in June that the Korean...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Scroll for more content...
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told reporters Friday he is pleased that relations have improved between North and South Korea, but the key challenge continues to be achieving the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.
Guterres said he was encouraged by the re-establishment of a military hotline between the two nations but said it is "absolutely essential that serious discussions take place between key actors in the process" to rid the peninsula of nuclear weapons.
Guterres received a letter from the North Korean foreign minister this week asking for recognition of the "positive changes" between the two nations. The letter said the Winter Olympics in South Korea are a "dramatic turning point" for peace, stability and national reconciliation on the Korean peninsula where a "touch-and-go war danger" prevails.
The letter blasted the US for military exercises that North Korea says could be the primary reason reconciliation efforts would fail. It also said the US should not think that sanctions pressure caused the uptick in relations between the two Koreas.
Guterres flies to South Korea next week to attend the Olympics.
His comments came the same day President Donald Trump met in the White House with a group of North Korean defectors who described how they escaped the hermit kingdom. He heard from six defectors, including the author of the "The Girl with Seven Names," Hyeonseo Lee, who fled to China when she was 17. She told the President "escaping North Korea is not like escaping another country, it's like escaping another universe."
The President said the defectors' stories were "amazing" and "tough stuff". Trump added that other defectors did not want to appear in front of cameras and were in another room, scared for their lives. He blamed past administrations for not being tougher on North Korea and said "we'll get through the Olympics and maybe something good will come out of the Olympics."
The White House also said Friday that Trump spoke with Japan's prime minister by phone, thanking him for Japan's efforts to maintain international pressure on Pyongyang. The White House readout of the call said the President cited Japan's efforts to "clamp down" on North Korea's attempts to evade international sanctions in the waters around the Korean peninsula.
April 13Joeone Co Ltd :
* Says its wholly owned Tibet subsidiary will invest 100 million yuan to set up a Hangzhou-based equity investment fund with a Shanghai partner
* The fund will be with a capital size of 1 billion yuan and will be engaged in culture education and related new business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mE6ze8
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
More than 3,000 industry professionals will converge on the Kenyetta International Convention Centre from 29 November – 1 December 2017 for East Africa's largest and most prestigious event for the food and beverage industry – Food East Africa.
As well as showcasing exciting new products, services and equipment from 120 businesses from around the globe, the event provides first-class networking opportunities and the chance for attendees to raise their profile, discover all the latest industry trends, forge new business relationships and do deals.
Organised by Informa Life Sciences Exhibitions, Food East Africa will host many of the F&B industry's key figures alongside other food industry professionals, suppliers and customers in order to provide participants with an exceptional marketing and sales opportunity. The event will also host a number of free-of-charge conferences that will address the market's challenges, opportunities and solutions.
The F&B retail industry is witnessing a surge in demand among an increasingly wealthy consumer class in Kenya which is expected to maintain resilience in the sector. According to a recent Bloomberg survey, 36% of Kenyans do their grocery shopping in formal retail outlets which is the second highest ratio on the African continent.
Indeed, Kenya is the largest economy in East Africa as well as a major trading hub for a region of 400 million people, and in 2015 was responsible for more than $300 million of consumer-ready food imports.
Direct investment from companies such as Walmart, Carrefour and Botswana's Choppies reflects an increased international interest in the Kenyan market. This in turn has played a key role in increasing consumer confidence and spending as international brands enter the country to take full advantage of the retailing opportunities.
Jamie Hill, Director, Informa Life Science Group, Africa, said: “After the successful launch of Food Nigeria in 2016, Food East Africa has become a much-anticipated event throughout the industry. Visitors will be able to view, and in many cases see demonstrations of all the new ground-breaking products and equipment currently on the market. There will also be the opportunity to establish long-lasting and lucrative business ties between participants.
“It is appropriate too that this event takes place is Nairobi – the hub of the burgeoning Kenyan economy. The country is looking to position itself as a gateway to the continent, with roughly 45% of its exports by value going to other African nations. Of this, the majority of Kenya's Africa-bound goods go to fellow East African nations.
“What is more, global and local fast food chains have signalled plans for aggressive expansion in 2017 to build on their entry into major towns around the country this year.”
For more information, please www.food-eastafrica.com.
Healthy snacks are quickly becoming Jennifer Garner's specialty.
The Love, Simon actress and host of her “Pretend Cooking Show” previously revealed that blue corn tortilla chips are her “nemesis,” so she developed a kale chip recipe to combat the craving. Now she's sharing another healthy substitution for the salty snack.
“Another hack for when you (me) are craving the crunch of blue corn tortilla chips…BEET CHIPS!” Garner wrote on Instagram on Monday. “Naturally sweet and completely addicting.”
Her tutorial includes a 10-slide gallery of gorgeous step-by-step photos for making the colorful chips. Garner first thoroughly washes her beets—picked fresh from her own garden—before slicing them with a mandolin and tossing with olive oil and a sprinkle of salt. The slices go into the oven and out comes a batch of crispy veggie chips you can feel good about eating.
Though the beet chips do look divine, Garner is not naive to the fact that they are not as good as the real thing. “#nothingisbetterthanatortillachip,” she captioned the photos taken in her home kitchen. “#thesecomeprettyclose.”
Get the full recipe below to try them out for yourself.
Jennifer Garner's Beet Chips
1. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees.
2. Wash your beets really well.
3. Lop off the tops and slice the beets into very thin slivers. Use a mandolin if you're so inclined. Mind your fingers!
4. Lightly coat the beets in olive oil and lay them out on a greased baking sheet.
5. Sprinkle them with salt.
6. Put in the oven for one hour.
7. Remove and be careful, they're hot.
8. Enjoy! Yum!
**This recipe was provided to PEOPLE by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional. It has not been tested for home use.**
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Low-rated bond yields rise slightly
* Tapering of ECB's bond-buying begins Monday
* Euro area inflation data due at 1000GMT
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By John Geddie
LONDON, March 31 There were tentative signs that the euro zone's weakest members would be hit the hardest by an imminent scaling back of the European Central Bank's asset purchase programme in debt markets on Friday.
The yield, an indication of borrowing costs, on bonds of southern euro zone states including Portugal and Italy nudged higher in the final day of trading before the ECB drops its monthly purchases of debt from 80 billion to 60 billion euros.
These weaker so-called peripheral states are seen as most dependent on the trillions of euros the ECB has spent over the last few years to shore up growth and inflation.
And as a tentative recovery gathers steam, some policymakers, including Dutch central bank head Klaas Knot, are calling for speedier so-called tapering of the scheme set to run until at least December.
"The unwinding generally is a risk-off event and for a lot of peripheral countries it doesn't take a lot in terms of higher financing costs for their debt stock to look problematic," Rabobank strategist Lyn Graham-Taylor said.
With the first scaling back of the ECB's government bond-buying scheme that began in early 2015 taking effect on Monday, investors have become increasingly nervous about how quickly policymakers might withdraw monetary stimulus.
It also comes at a time when the world's biggest economy, the United States, is tightening monetary conditions. New York Fed President William Dudley called on Thursday called for more rate hikes and an eventual trimming of its bond portfolio.
But Reuters revealed this week that ECB officials are wary of making any new change to their policy message at their April meeting after small tweaks to their forward guidance this month unsettled markets.
That view was reinforced by weaker-than-expected German inflation data on Thursday and comments from various ECB policymakers including chief economist Peter Praet who said he is still not convinced a recent inflation rise will be durable.
Euro wide inflation data is due at 1000GMT, with economists polled by Reuters expecting an annualised growth of 1.8 percent in March.
In the last two weeks alone, Germany's 10-year yield - the bloc's benchmark - has swung from 14-month highs of 0.51 percent to one-month lows of 0.32 percent hit on Thursday.
On Friday, it was unchanged at 0.33 percent outperforming lower-rated bonds.
Yields on Italy and Portugal's 10-year yield climbed 2 basis points to 2.32 percent and 3.97 percent respectively, climbing off two-week and one-month lows hit on Thursday.
Weak consumer spending data also hit French bonds, adding to investor nerves about an upcoming presidential election where one of the leading candidates is far-right, eurosceptic Marine Le Pen.
French 10-year bond yields rose 2 basis points to 0.96 percent, coming off a near one-month low hit Thursday.
The euro held near two-week lows against the U.S. dollar .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Editing by Andrew Heavens)
WASHINGTON Experts representing international lenders will return to Greece to finalize the details of a reforms-for-loans deal next week, paving the way for an agreement on new loan disbursements in May, European Economics Commissioner Pierre Moscovici said.
Greece and its lenders agreed on April 7 in Malta on key elements of reforms to unlock new funds and decided that experts would travel to Athens as soon as possible to put finishing touches to the deal.
The delay of two weeks was mainly for technical reasons, Moscovici said, adding some finishing touches to the Malta agreement would be put at talks in Washington, on the sidelines of the annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund.
"It is a matter of technical arrangements, we are preparing the conditions, it was always foreseen that it would happen after the IMF meetings, the day after the IMF meetings they will be able to go back to Athens, because they have the political mandate which is very clear," Moscovici told Reuters.
"I am confident that the last technical details will be solved during those meetings here so that the mission can go back to Athens just after these meetings," he said.
Greece is on its third bailout from euro zone governments since 2010. To get more cheap loans, it has to pass regular reviews of reforms by experts sent by the lenders.
The latest review has dragged on since the middle of last year because of differences over pension and income tax reforms that some lenders believe Greece must undertake to put its finances on a sustainable footing.
Greece and the euro zone agreed in Malta that Greece would take steps to produce savings in its pensions system of one percent of GDP annually starting in 2019, an election year.
Another one percent annually is to come from reform of the income tax system in 2020.
The additional reforms are mainly to satisfy the International Monetary Fund and Germany, which have been sceptical that Greece would be able to reach previously agreed fiscal targets without them.
To make the deal more palatable for Athens, the lenders agreed that if Greece exceeds its targets with the additional measures, it can spend the excess cash on boosting the economy.
The Greek target is a budget surplus before debt servicing of 3.5 percent of GDP in 2018. It is then to be maintained at that level over the "medium term". There is no agreement yet on what exactly "medium term" means.
The longer Greece keeps such a high surplus, the less it is likely to need debt relief. The IMF strongly insists that easing Greece's debt burden is necessary, while Germany - Greece's biggest creditor - strongly opposes it.
Germany wants the IMF to join the bailout, now shouldered by euro zone governments alone, mainly for credibility reasons.
The Fund says that if it were to participate, it would have to be the last rescue package for Greece and that means substantial debt relief offered now.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
[India], Mar. 20 (ANI): The unidentified object recovered from a train in Uttar Pradesh's Hapur was not a bomb, experts said while giving due clearance.
Following an assessment by experts, the police administration cleared Sangam Express to ply further.
Speaking on the same, Hemant Kutiyal, Superintendent of Police (SP) Hapur, said, "We have checked everything, it seems like some kind of mischief by someone. The train will be sent off now. The watch that we have found is a normal watch."
Earlier, the Northern Railway had confirmed that they recovered an unidentified package from a coach of 14164 Sangam Express at a time it was stationed at Haripur. The concerned authorities, in a missive, had confirmed the news and said that the situation was being monitored. "A torch like-object, with wires attached to it, was found in a toilet of the train. Security forces are present here and the area has been cordoned off. We are taking all the necessary precautions," the police had said. The Northern Railway PRO had stated that the officers and staff of the railway were already on the site for a thorough checking. "We are ensuring that there is no threat to the passengers. The situation is being monitored by senior officers. We are taking this matter very seriously. All actions are being taken to ensure the safety of passengers," read the statement. (ANI)
Chengannur: Communist party of India-Maxist candidate Saji Cherian won the Chengannur Assembly bypoll in Kerala with a record margin of over 18,000 votes, a poll official said.
In the 2016 assembly polls the Communist Party of India-Marxist candidate, K.K. Ramachandran Nair, had a lead of only 2,000 votes. The bypoll was necessitated following Nair's death in January
"The signs are good and victory is becoming clear because I have led in all the 14 booths in the first round which include strongholds of the Congress-led UDF," Cherian had said earlier.
Congress candidate D. Vijayakumar was in the second position followed by the Bharatiya Janata Party's P.S. Sreedharan Pillai. "I had told soon after the elections that the Left has purchased votes, and all that can be seen now," said Pillai. Voting for the seat took place on Monday.
President Donald Trump's nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, could have an immediate impact on cases already pending before the justices, if he is confirmed by the Senate as expected by the end of the week.
The nine-seat court has been operating with only eight justices since the death of conservative Antonin Scalia on Feb. 13, 2016. The court, with four liberals and four conservatives, has ended up with 4-4 split decisions in several cases. The new justice could cast the deciding vote in some cases being considered in the term that ends in June. But in cases argued before the new justice was seated, the court may need to order new oral arguments, which would likely not be heard until the court's next term starts in October.
Here is a look at five cases in which the new justice could be pivotal.
Church v. state: Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer
A religious rights case from Missouri to be argued on April 19 in which a church contends the state violated the U.S. Constitution's First Amendment guarantee of religious freedom by denying it funds for a playground project because of a state ban on aid to religious organizations.
Employee class-action lawsuits: Epic Systems Corp v. Lewis
A significant case for business and labor on whether companies can head off costly class-action lawsuits by forcing employees to give up their right to pursue work-related legal claims in court as a group. An issue that has closely divided the court in the past, this case is set to be argued in the autumn.
Housing discrimination: Bank of America v. Miami
The eight-justice court appeared closely divided when it heard arguments in this case in November on whether Miami could pursue lawsuits accusing major banks of predatory mortgage lending to black and Hispanic home buyers. The court may need to reargue the case with Gorsuch on board to avoid a 4-4 split.
Cross-border shooting: Hernandez v. Mesa
A possible 4-4 split appeared on the cards when the court heard arguments in this civil rights case in February. The court has been asked to revive a civil rights lawsuit filed by the family of a Mexican teenager against a U.S. Border Patrol agent who fatally shot the 15-year-old from across the border in Texas in 2010.
Corporate liability: Jesner v. Arab Bank
In a case to be heard next term, the court agreed this week to consider reviving litigation that seeks to hold Arab Bank Plc financially liable for militant attacks in Israel and the Palestinian territories and accuses the Jordan-based bank of being the "paymaster" to militant groups. The question of whether companies can be held liable for actions overseas under a federal law called the Alien Tort Statute is one the court took up but failed to decide in 2013.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Peter Cooney)
"How does it look, buddy?" Trammell asked.
"Makes you look good," Morris answered.
Morris earned 254 wins and was best known for throwing a 10-inning shutout in Game 7 of the 1991 World Series, pitching Minnesota past Atlanta.
Trammell was a six-time All-Star and four-time Gold Glover at shortstop, hitting .285 while scoring more than 1,000 runs and driving in more than 1,000.
"I'm going to be honest. I feel a little bit out of place. The Hall of Fame, that's got a great ring to it," he said. "But when I hear 'Alan Trammell, Hall of Fame,' it hasn't resonated yet. And I'm just speaking from the heart."
Morris and Trammell both fell short during their 15 years of eligibility in Hall voting by members of the Baseball Writers' Association of America.
"I came very close," Morris said. "Tram was behind, in my opinion, where he should have been. But the process didn't work for us for a lot of reasons.
"You want all the writers to know that I'm not mad at any of you. ... I respect everybody for whatever they thought. Now that I'm in, I don't have to worry about that anymore," he said, drawing laughs.
Morris figures it will be a bit more emotional when it comes time for his induction speech in Cooperstown, where a throng of Detroit fans is expected to fill the upstate New York shrine.
"I might not make it through. I'm going to do my best. I'm going to remember 'The King's Speech' and see if I can work on it," he said. "I hope I can represent the people that have supported me well. I'll do my best."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Ben Walker, The Associated Press
Speech to Text for One more week until parol office can move back into Community Corrections
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
least" another week before the indiana parole office can move back into it's normal office space. that's following a fire inside the vigo county community corrections center. the state parole office has been operating out of a temporary office inside the center since wednesday. that's according to director "bill watson". he also told us clean up continued today at the facility. meanwhile -- fire investigators still ask for your help in finding who set the office on fire. you can call crime stoppers anonymously at 812-238-stop. the suspect in a "4"-and-a half hour
FILE - This Feb. 28, 2017, file photo shows Auburn quarterback Jarrett Stidham working out during the first day of spring football practice at the Auburn Athletics Complex in Auburn, Ala. AL.com via AP Julie Bennett
What is conjugated linoleic acid used for besides weight loss
End
--This conjugated linoleic acid is considered to have some effects on the weight loss and the maintenance of weight after that. It is fatty acid that belongs to the family of omega acids. Depending on the bonds and the configuration of the chemical elements, the acid can have different varieties and can have different effects in the human organism.It is also stated that the linoleic acid has a lot of health benefits for the individual and prevents some medical conditions and threats or fights some diseases. If the person has some diet plan and includes the acid in it, then the results will be seen soon. If it is used in the right way with suitable regimen and exercising, it can help in the weight loss process and in the burning of fats. It also increases the strength of the muscles and the endurance while exercising.The conjugated linoleic acid is more omega-6 fatty acid and is an essential one that helps in the increase of metabolic rates, boosting the function of the immune system and keeping the levels of sugar and cholesterol in the blood at appropriate and normal levels. Can be found in animal fats like lamb, beef, also in dairy, whole milk, eggs, etc.The first interests of this acid began in the 1980s when the professor in the Department of Food Microbiology and Toxicology in Wisconsin, Madison where he discovered that a chemical substance that was in the form of the conjugated linoleic acid reduced the incidence of cancer in an experiment made in mice.The conjugated acid preserves the muscle tissue in those people with extra weight and who are dealing with obesity and helps in the burning of fats.Some of the studies have shown that the conjugated linoleic acid helped in the losing fats and was found that people who didn't change their diets had different effects with the use ofthan those who changed them.- Thereduces the fats in the body with increasing the basal metabolism in the organism. It converts the food into energy and the person has higher amounts for spending in the daily activities. It does not decrease the overall weight of the body, it just keeps the cells in getting bigger. This also has some alteration in the ratio of muscles and fats as well. It was also confirmed that those people that included the linoleic acid in their diet plans and then stopped consuming it, gained weight again after a certain time. The ratio of the muscles and the fats was 25%/75% respectively.- It was also confirmed that the intake of the linoleic acid helps in increasing the strength in the muscles and has some impact in ailments and diseases like, cancer, asthma, cardiovascular diseases, boosting the immune system, etc.- It also fights the breast cancer and the prostate cancer, allergies, osteoporosis, inflammations and lot more.- The acid prevents the accumulation of fats in the body and has some inhibitory effects on the muscle.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) officially repealed the agency's Obama-era 2015 net neutrality order on Monday.
In December, the FCC passed the “Restoring Internet Freedom Order,” which repealed the agency's Obama-era net neutrality regulation. The FCC published the regulation in the Federal Register in February, which started a 60-day timeline for the rule to take effect on Monday.
Net neutrality passed under former Democrat FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in 2015. The rule, known as the Open Internet Order, reclassified the internet as a public monopoly. Critics chided the rule, stating that it would diminish the freedom of the Internet. Proponents argue that the regulations prevent Internet service providers (ISPs) from discriminating against content providers.
The Restoring Internet Freedom Order will reclassify the Internet as an “information service” and will require that Internet service providers (ISPs) such as Comcast or Verizonto release transparency reports detailing their practices on blocking, throttling, and data prioritization for consumers and businesses.
The FCC's net neutrality repeal order will also restore the Federal Trade Commission's (FTC) traditional authority and expertise to regulate and litigate unfair, deceptive, and anti-competitive telecommunications practices without onerous regulations and increased cost.
Robert McChesney, a founder of Free Press, once said, “In the end, there is no real answer but to remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself, rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles.” McChesney was cited 46 times in the net neutrality order.
FCC Chairman Pai observed the internet prospered before the FCC enacted net neutrality in 2015. Pai said, “The Internet is the greatest free-market success in American history.”
The publication of the Internet Freedom Order sets a significant milestone in the battle over net neutrality. Twenty-one states, led by California, can now sue the FCC to try to block the FCC's implementation of the Restoring Internet Freedom Order.
Senate Democrats will also try to use the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to pass a resolution in Congress' upper chamber to keep the FCC's net neutrality rules.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) claimed in January that they have a 50-vote majority in the Senate to override the FCC's recent repeal of the Obama-era net neutrality order. Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) signaled in January that she will side with the Democrats to vote for the CRA resolution to keep net neutrality.
Annie Clark, Collins' spokeswoman, told the Hill in January, “Senator Collins does not support the FCC's recent decision to repeal net neutrality rules, and she will support Senator Markey's legislation that would overturn the FCC's vote.”
https://www.thehour.com/news/crime/article/UK-police-Counterterrorism-officers-join-13048959.php
UK police: Counterterrorism officers join investigation after 2 sickened by unknown substance near spy poisoning town
click to enlarge Jenee Crayne
ONE OF A KIND Dan Hicks was ‘criminally underheard' in his time.
A Bay Area institution for more than 50 years, Dan Hicks was a songwriter of rare caliber. The frontman of the ever-impressive Dan Hick & the Hot Licks was beloved for his catchy, swinging Americana music and renowned for his bawdy, brawling personality. In a career of highs and lows, Hicks did it his way, up until his death last February at 74 in his Mill Valley home.
Now longtime admirer and Surfdog Records owner Dave Kaplan is releasing a new compilation of Hicks' best work, titled
Greatest Licks: I Feel Like Singin' and featuring 11 tracks from his extensive catalogue. The album includes classic songs like 1969's "I Scare Myself," recent tunes like 2009's "Tangled Tales" and live versions of songs that showcase Hicks' funny and freewheeling personality.
Kaplan first saw Hicks perform on The Tonight Show in the early '70s. "Even though it wasn't traditional hard rock, it was as badass and edgy as anything I'd ever seen," Kaplan says. The next day, he bought Hicks' 1971 album Where's the Money?, which he still loves today. "In 44 years, it's never failed me."
Kaplan formed Surfdog Records in 1992, and enjoyed success after signing bands like Sublime. In 2000, he tracked down the reclusive Hicks and signed him to the label, thus restarting Dan Hicks & the Hot Licks after a lengthy hiatus and leading to a prolific period of songwriting for the veteran musician.
Despite acclaim from admirers like Elvis Costello and Tom Waits, Kaplan says that Hicks was criminally underheard in his time, and Kaplan was inspired to assemble a compilation to celebrate Hicks' life and musical legacy.
"This was a labor of love," says album co-producer and Hicks' longtime engineer Dave Darling, who personally combed through archives for the better part of 2016 to find recordings that perfectly reflected Hicks' breadth of wit and talent. "I listened to everything, and it was hard to pick out what would go on the record, just because there was so much great material," Darling says.
With Americana music more popular than ever, Darling also says it's a great time for people to rediscover Hicks' pioneering work in the genre, defined by blending folk, swing, rock and jazz elements into a signature sound.
"He really was a treasure of an artist," Kaplan says. "There are not many like him in terms of the pure authenticity of what he did. I really hope more than anything that more people just hear his music."
Dan Hicks & the Hot Licks' 'Greatest Licks: I Feel Like Singin'' is out on vinyl, CD and digital download on Friday, Feb. 24. For more info, visit surfdog.com.
LUANDA The United Nations' refugee agency on Sunday airlifted its first batch of relief supplies to the more than 11,000 people on Angola's northern border fleeing the latest violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
The U.N. said that more than a million civilians have been displaced inside the DRC since a brutal conflict broke out in the Kasai region in mid-2016, with about 25,000 asylum seekers crossing into Angola.
"Arrivals are in urgent need of life-saving assistance, including food, water, shelter and medical services," the U.N. Refugee Agency's (UNHCR) southern Africa representative, Sharon Cooper, said in a statement.
A cargo aircraft carrying mosquito nets, blankets and sanitary items flew in from Dubai and landed near Dundo, about 100km from the Angola-DRC border, where the UNHCR has set up makeshift centres sheltering refugees, the agency said.
The U.N. said it would send more relief items to Angola in the coming days.
The Kamuina Nsapu insurrection that erupted in the DRC's Kasai-Central province last August has become the most serious threat to President Joseph Kabila's 16-year rule, with lawlessness across Africa's second-largest country inflamed by Kabila's decision to remain in power after his mandate ran out in December.
A U.N. team of investigators said this month that it had uncovered 40 mass grave sites and killings of more than 400 people in Kasai.
(Writing by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by David Goodman)
A former drug addict from California who has turned her life around is honoring a special person who showed her compassion during one of the most difficult periods of her life.
Lieutenant Jim Foster of the Long Beach Police Department first met Tiffany Hall when he arrested her five years ago on drug charges, according to ABC 7. But when he brought her in, Foster didn't just file paperwork and call it a day. Instead, the police officer used his time with Hall — who was then a drug addict — to inspire her to find a new purpose in life.
“He would encourage me all the time,” Hall said during a press conference last week, which reunited her with Foster years after her initial arrest. “‘Tiffany, you can do better than this. Tiffany, why don't you try to go to school. Tiffany, why don't you stop.'”
For Foster, it was Hall's funny and friendly personality that stuck out to him during their encounters.
“She was a unique personality,” Foster said. “Lots of humor. She had a great story to tell and I noticed she had a tough exterior but a soft interior.”
ABC News
RELATED: Recovering Addict, 29, Opens Gym to Help Others Stay Sober
Substance abuse epidemic continues to claim the lives of many. In 2016, accidental overdoses led to the deaths of 64,000, a 22 percent increase from the year before, according to a government study examined by the New York Times. Fentanyl, heroin and prescription opioid overdoses led to almost 75-percent of those deaths, the study found. There are a variety of ways to treat addiction, the National Institute on Drug Abuse says, including mental health services, behavioral therapy and medication.
As Hall and Foster reunited at the Long Beach Police Department headquarters, Hall — who is now drug-free — reflected back on the days when she was facing addiction, and how Foster influenced her to change her life.
“I became a product of my environment — drug infestation — and I became that,” she said. “But then somewhere, somehow Lt. Foster became a part of my life. For some reason, he would always take me to jail.”
Lieutenant Jim Foster of the Long Beach Police Department and Tiffany Hall ABC 7
Next month, she will be walking across the stage to receive her diploma when she graduates from college—something that may have seen impossible just a few years ago. Hall invited Foster to be there with her during the big moment.
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“The biggest joy of my professional career is from time-to-time having contact with people who have found their way out of horrible circumstances and into life's success,” Foster said during the press conference. “Things that a lot of us just take for granted for people who have a much rougher life story.”
It seems Foster, with a little compassion and patience, helped to show Hall a valuable lesson she will hold on to for years to come.
“I tell myself every day, ‘Don't look back behind you, because there's nothing back there,' “Hall said. ‘ “You've got to keep looking forward.' “
ZURICH Ajax Amsterdam, trailing 3-0 and down to 10 men, scored two late goals to overcome Schalke 04 in the Europa League quarter-finals on Thursday while Olympique Lyonnais won a 16-kick penalty shootout against Besiktas.
Manchester United needed an extra-time goal from Marcus Rashford to beat Anderlecht 2-1 and go through 3-2 on aggregate while a 1-1 draw away to Racing Genk was enough to give Celta a 4-3 aggregate win.
Four-times European champions Ajax, leading 2-0 from the first leg, appeared to be on the way out as Schalke wiped out the deficit in just under an hour and then scored again early in extra-time.
Yet, despite having Joel Veltman sent off in the 80th minute, Ajax replied with a scrambled goal from Nick Viergever and a clinical effort from Amin Younes in the last 10 minutes of extra-time to bring it back to 3-2 and win 4-3 on aggregate.
Schalke's defeat, following Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund's elimination from the Champions League this week, meant that there were no German semi-finalists in either of the European competitions for the first time since 2004/05.
The Royal Blues dominated the match and looked well capable of ousting their Dutch opponents, who fielded two 17-year-olds in a side with an average age of under 23.
Leon Goretzka and Guido Burgstaller scored twice in a four-minute spell early in the second half for Schalke and it got worse for Ajax when defender Veltman was sent off after picking up two yellow cards in quick succession.
When Daniel Caligiuri headed Schalke's third in the first period of extra-time, there seemed no way back for the visitors.
Yet Ajax never abandoned their slick passing game and grabbed an away goal when Viergever controlled a cross from Kenny Tete and managed to fire into the roof of the net with nine minutes left.
Schalke lost their composure, were left wide open and Younes took advantage when he cut inside to score another for Ajax.
"It's hard to explain what happened at the end. I'm speechless really," said Caligiuri.
Brazilian Anderson Talisca scored both goals for Besiktas as they beat Lyon 2-1 to level their tie at 3-3.
Alexandre Lacazette replied with a superbly-taken goal for the French side, collecting a pass and lifting it over goalkeeper Fabri for his 31st of the season in all competitions.
The first six penalties in the shootout were all converted before Dusko Tosic saw Besiktas' seventh attempt saved by Anthony Lopes, only for Christophe Jalle to send Lyon's next effort over the bar.
Lopes then saved another, this time from Matej Mitrovic, but there was no second let off for Besiktas as Maxime Gonalons converted Lyon's eighth kick.
United, the last remaining English side in Europe, took the lead in the 10th minute through Henrikh Mkhitaryan but Sofiane Hanni brought Anderlecht, winners of both the old European Cup Winners' Cup and the UEFA Cup, back level in the 32nd minute.
After Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who later went off with a potentially serious knee injury, wasted two great chances in the final stages of normal time, the contest went into extra time and Rashford settled the tie with a fine finish early in the second period.
Pione Sisto scored a spectacular goal to put Celta ahead against Genk as he won the ball in midfield, burst forward and unleashed an unstoppable effort into the roof of the net.
Leandro Trossard replied four minutes later for the Belgian hosts but they were unable to find a winner.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)
MATSAPHA – The family of well-known Matsapha business mogul Almor Olivera has been left distraught after he was kidnapped by unknown men on Sunday morning.
The businessman (76) of Portuguese origin was abducted from one of his business premises after he had gone to check on some construction work, which he had been excited about for the past couple of weeks.
Olivera leases most of the properties and warehouses at the Matsapha Industrial Sites to businesspeople.
He also owns Matsapha Scrap- yard among a lot of other businesses around the country.
The Manzini Regional Crime Branch Officer (RCBO) Superintendent Clement Sihlongonyane, who was found at the crime scene yesterday afternoon together with Matsapha Police Station Commander Ben Msibi and Desk Officer Derrick Makhanya, said they had received a report from the family that the businessman was missing.
Sihlongonyane added that the family further informed the police of the businessman's vehicle, a sleek Mercedes-Benz S500, which was found abandoned within the premises with blood stains and marks, mostly on the cream leather seats suggesting that there was a struggle when the kidnapping took place.
“The blood stains and marks are a sign that he was struggling and fighting with his kidnappers when the incident occurred. However, they ended up taking him out of the car and driving off with him,” Superintendent Sihlongonyane said.
The traumatised and teary businessman's wife, Audilia Olivera, was being comforted by the business community, family and relatives when the interview was conducted at the crime scene.
Further information gathered from Sihlongonyane was that Audilia and other family members had been waiting for the businessman to pitch for a family gathering at Lugogo Sun.
However, when he failed to pitch, the family suspected that something was amiss.
“It was unusual for him not to join the family. We usually have such gatherings every Sunday and he had never missed any. When we realised that he had taken too long, we tried getting in touch with him through his cellphone, however, it had been switched off. That was when we suspected that something could have gone wrong. We drove down home and he was not there. A while later, when we got to one of his warehouses where construction had been ongoing for weeks, we found his car within the premises,” his General Manager and Personal Assistant, Nonhlanhla Shongwe, said.
The vehicle's rear view mirror had also been damaged, which raised suspicions that he could have been holding on to it when he was dragged out of the car by the kidnappers.
The vehicle's keys were also missing from the ignition.
Brett Rutledge joined a handful of others at Jones Park on Monday morning to receive checks from the Mississippi Deep Sea Fishing Rodeo. (Photo source: WLOX)
A Mobile, AL man is now $20,000 richer thanks to his fishing prowess.
Brett Rutledge joined a handful of others at Jones Park on Monday morning to receive checks from the Mississippi Deep Sea Fishing Rodeo.
His check was the biggest. That's because he now holds a state record for his 354-pound bull shark that he caught during the rodeo.
Rutledge says he felt pretty lucky to reel in this particular haul.
“This year, I just happened to be on the rod and reeled in a couple of bull sharks, so feeling good. We just feel good. That's our secret. We just fish hard for the length of the tournament,” said Rutledge. “Sure, we've got big plans. I think Disney is in our future.”
Rutledge had to be the only one touching the rod to be considered for a record. It took him about an hour to reel in the record-breaking shark.
The record had to be certified by the Mississippi Department of Marine Resources after Rutledge took a lie detector test.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Tom Brady is the comeback king in the playoffs.
From his past two Super Bowl wins to the AFC championship game rally against Jacksonville that got the Patriots to the NFL's biggest stage for the third in four seasons, no quarterback has engineered more late-game playoff comebacks than Brady.
But he is not alone. Whether it was Marcus Mariota and the Tennessee Titans in the wild-card round against Kansas City earlier this post-season, or Russell Wilson against Green Bay in (2015) or Andrew Luck against the Chiefs the previous year, there have been as many playoff comebacks from at least 10 points down in the fourth quarter the past five seasons as there were the previous 26 seasons.
"What happens is instead of playing the team, they start playing the clock. Sometimes you win and sometimes you go against a bad boy like Tom Brady and you get burned," former Colts receiver and current NFL Network analyst Reggie Wayne said. "A lot of that falls onto the coaches. The players are going to run what the coaches call."
Whether it's Atlanta failing to run the ball enough late in last year's Super Bowl that helped the Patriots rally from 28-3 down to win in overtime or Seattle's decision to pass at the goal line instead of hand it to Marshawn Lynch back in 2015, questionable coaching decisions have contributed to some of those comebacks.
But nobody is better at exploiting those mistakes than Brady and the Patriots. He has four playoff wins in games he trailed by at least 10 points in the fourth quarter, including the "Tuck Rule" game against Oakland in 2002. No other quarterback has led more than one such comeback in playoff history.
"There's a great belief no matter what the circumstances, that we have enough to overcome it," Brady said. "I don't think we want to try to overcome that again this year. That was pretty tough to do. Hopefully we can get a lead, play from ahead, play on our terms."
The Patriots are comfortable when that happens. They are 6-6 in the playoffs when trailing after three quarters under Brady and coach Bill Belichick, while the rest of the NFL has a 27-140 record in that span with only Russell Wilson and Eli Manning having more than two fourth-quarter comebacks with four each.
Not that it is by design.
"That whole comeback thing is overrated," said NFL Network analyst Willie McGinest, who won three Super Bowl titles as Brady's teammate in New England. "Players can't go in and say, 'Hey, we want to win this game in dramatic fashion, be down 11 with eight minutes to go and come back and have the crowd go crazy.' You want to be in control, play a certain way and be in front. Because that changes how you play the game."
Recently, Customs and Border Protection agents have been filmed asking passengers on buses and trains to prove that they are in the country legally.
Everyday 122 Dreamers lose protection from deportation. They become vulnerable to random immigration raids like the one shown here on a @GreyhoundBus. A grandmother was detained as a result & her family has not been able to contact her. We need Congress to act now. #NoDACANoDeal pic.twitter.com/BAGMrlvkez — FLImmigrantCoalition (@FLImmigrant) January 22, 2018
Ten American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) state affiliates are arguing that Greyhound is neglecting passengers' rights by allowing Border Patrol agents to search buses up to 100 miles from the border and arrest undocumented immigrants.
Customs and Border Protection Agents have been filmed twice in the past few months entering mass transport vehicles and arresting passengers who cannot produce documentation proving they are in the country legally.
The first incident occurred in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, where federal agents entered a Greyhound bus and removed a woman after agents asked passengers for documentation proving they were authorized to be in the country. About a week later, Border Patrol personnel were filmed on an Amtrak train, and passengers said the agents asked riders where they were born.
Greyhound claimed after the Florida incident that they are merely complying with legal obligations.
y'all. Border Patrol got on this Amtrak train asking *SOME* people (ME) if we are American citizens. pic.twitter.com/0kwKXyveLr — CoochieFrito ???? (@rosequartzpapi) February 1, 2018
“Many of you have reached out about your concerns of what happened in Fort Lauderdale this weekend. We hear you, and we are listening. We are required to comply with all local, state and federal laws and to cooperate with the relevant enforcement agencies if they ask to board our buses or enter stations,” a statement read.
But the ACLU and its state affiliates say Greyhound's assertion is not true.
Read More Video Shows Border Patrol Tearing Mother Away From Crying Children
“The starting place is to not give your consent. If Border Patrol then says ‘You know what, we actually don't even need their consent, we're going to just do this stuff,' that would violate the Constitution. But we the public don't get to have that conversation about whether this is constitutional when Greyhound gives away the game by just saying, ‘We consent, so it's OK.”'
Aside from the legal matters, in which Greyhound and the ACLU appear to disagree, the argument could affect Greyhound's business.
“If I was Greyhound, I would certainly understand that this is a threat to my business, and I would test this and I would say no and take it where it goes,” the president and general counsel of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund said.
Aggressive border policing by the CPB has been occurring for years, and federal personnel questioned people at bus stations during Obama's presidency. But, with President Donald Trump advocating much harsher treatment of undocumented immigrants and empowering Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to act more aggressively, these tactics will contribute to the environment of fear among those who do not have legal permission to be in the country.
Read More Teacher Detained After Confronting Border Patrol Agent
While the ACLU says Greyhound doesn't need to allow CPB onto its buses, border agents, nonetheless, have wide permissions to check individuals' immigration status. If Greyhound doesn't want to lose customers, it would be advisable to resist attempts by federal agents to patrol buses.
Beyond financial concerns, it would be beneficial for an already marginalized and fearful undocumented immigrant community if Greyhound did more to protect riders' rights and allow them to travel without fear of random interrogation.
Banner/Thumbnail Credit: Flickr, Loco Steve
Juicy J performs for ETSU students at Freedom Hall. (Photograph by Kasey Enckler / East Tennessean)
On St. Patrick's Day, ETSU's SGA hosted their annual Spring concert at the Freedom Hall Center; the main act was the rapper Juicy J.
(Photograph by Kasey Enckler / East Tennessean) (Photograph by Kasey Enckler / East Tennessean) (Photograph by Kasey Enckler / East Tennessean)
Flashing lights in hues from violet to yellow covered the stage, white strobe lights swiftly moved from the ceiling to floor multiple times. Free Black t-shirts with “Juicy J” printed across them were tossed to some of the audience members.
The Center was packed with excited students, jamming to the rapper's greatest hits.
Regardless of whether one had a standing or sitting ticket, everyone could easily bop along with every song because they could feel each beat through the vibrations emitting from the speakers.
The concert started off with Swedish singer, Andreas Moss as the opening act; he performed just shy of ten selections for about 30 minutes.
After Moss' performance the DJ Jimmy took over hyping up the crowd with classic & modern rap songs.
As soon as Juicy J stepped onto the stage the crowd cheered; he made his performance interactive by inviting audience members on stage to dance with him.
(Photograph by Kasey Enckler / East Tennessean) (Photograph by Kasey Enckler / East Tennessean) (Photograph by Kasey Enckler / East Tennessean)
During his performance, Juicy J brought the crowd together and said, “Let's have a twerking contest.”
He was interactive with the crowd, and the students loved that the most. Juicy J's songs are meant to be danced too, and he intended to see the crowd get rowdy.
ETSU Sophomore, Wendi Coleman, was excited about the Juicy J concert.
“I thought it was pretty good and I enjoyed it,” Coleman said.
Coleman was glad the artist for the Spring concert was one from her home town.
As a native of Memphis, Juicy J set aside some time during his two-hour performance to roll call popular cities in Tennessee.
In the Center there were two screens placed on the sides of the stage; they captured the performance while displaying tweets and Instagram posts from students.
“Bringing #Juicy J is probably the best decision #ETSU has made recently,” said Tyler Scates.
Maura Ward née Donnellan
Castletaylor, Ardrahan and formerly of Cappataggle. Reposing at her son Peter's home, Castletaylor, Ardrahan tomorrow Sunday from 3 until 6. Removal on Monday to St. Colman's Church, Ballindereen to arrive for mass for Maura Ward at 1. Funeral afterwards to Drumacoo Cemetery. House private Monday morning, by request.
John also known as Johnny Delaney
Drinane, Ballygar. Reposing at Moran's Funeral Home tomorrow Sunday from 4.30. Removal at 7 to St. Mary's Church, Ballygar. Mass for Johnny Delaney on Monday at 12. Funeral afterwards to adjoining cemetery. Family flowers only, by request.
Edward also known as Ted Floss Costello
formerly of Bohermore and Boston USA. Memorial mass for Ted Floss Costello in St. Patrick's Church, Forster Street tomorrow Sunday at 12.
Della Hanley née Rabbitt
Kingston, Taylor's Hill. Reposing at the O'Flaherty Funeral Parlour, Munster Avenue tomorrow Sunday from 2 with removal at 4 to Christ the King Church, Salthill. Mass for Della Hanley on Monday at 11. Funeral afterwards to Rahoon Cemetery.
Michael Cahill
Gortroe, Currandulla. Reposing at Currandulla Mortuary Chapel today from 4 until 6. Arriving at St. Brendan's Church, Currandulla tomorrow Sunday afternoon for mass for Michael Cahill at 2. Funeral afterwards to Currandulla Cemetery. Family flowers only, by request. Donations, if desired, to Western Alzheimers.
Teresa Flannery née Dolphin
Woodpark, Mountshannon, Co. Clare. Reposing at her residence today from 4 with prayers at 8. Mass for Teresa Flannery tomorrow Sunday at 1 in St. Caimin's Church, Mountshannon. Funeral afterwards to New Cemetery, Moynoe, Scariff. Family flowers only, by request.
John Joe Connolly
Creeveroe, Newbridge, Ballinasloe. Reposing at Cunningham's Funeral Home, Newbridge this evening from 6. Removal at 8 to St. Patrick's Church, Newbridge. Mass for John Joe Connolly tomorrow Saturday at 11. Funeral afterwards in Killyan Cemetery. House private, by request.
Raízen set to win auction for two sugar mills in Brazil - creditor
São Paulo, June 14 Brazil's Raízen Energia SA, the world's largest sugar maker, is set to win on Friday a judicial auction of two sugar mills owned by Tonon Bioenergia SA, having made the highest bid, a manager at a group of cane producers which is a strategic creditor of Tonon told Reuters on Wednesday.
Dan Healing, The Canadian Press
CALGARY -- TransCanada Corp. (TSX:TRP) says it is cancelling its $15.7-billion proposed Energy East pipeline because of "substantial uncertainty" caused by a regulatory panel's decision to include upstream and downstream emissions in its assessment of the project.
CEO Russ Girling cited non-specific "changed circumstances" for the decision in a brief news release Thursday morning, without giving further explanation.
But in a letter to the National Energy Board posted Thursday on the NEB website, TransCanada says it's halting the project because of a National Energy Board panel's decision in September to allow hearings to consider greenhouse gas emissions from producing and processing the oil it transports in the pipeline, an unprecedented expansion of the scope of the inquiry.
In the letter, it says despite offers from the province of New Brunswick and the federal government to cover the cost of the analysis, it creates "substantial uncertainty around the scope, timing and cost associated with the regulatory review" of Energy East and the associated Eastern Mainline projects.
"After completing its careful review of these factors, the existing and likely future delays resulting from the regulatory process, the associated cost implications and the increasingly challenging issues and obstacles facing the projects, the applicants will not be proceeding further with the projects (which would include not constructing the proposed marine terminal in New Brunswick)," the company's letter says.
"The applications for the projects are hereby formally withdrawn."
The decision comes a month after TransCanada asked the NEB to put regulatory hearings on hold.
"It's a blow. It's being portrayed as a business decision but it's more than that," said Chris Bloomer, CEO of the Canadian Energy Pipeline Association, adding the decision means about 400,000 barrels per day of foreign oil will continue to be imported into Eastern Canada.
"It really is a result of this constant, and I'll say this, drip, drip, drip of regulatory uncertainty that are impacting these kinds of infrastructure decisions."
But Adam Scott, a senior adviser at the environmental group Oil Change International, had a different interpretation.
"Realizing that Energy East would never be allowed if its full climate impact was accounted for, TransCanada has walked away from the project," he said in a statement. "Energy East was a disaster waiting to happen."
The proposed project is a 4,500-kilometre pipeline designed to carry 1.1 million barrels of oil a day from Alberta and Saskatchewan to refineries in Montreal and Saint John, N.B. The project includes converting an existing natural gas pipeline to carry crude and building new segments of pipeline to complete the route.
A year ago, its first round of NEB hearings collapsed after protesters shut down hearings in Montreal and accused the panellists of bias, prompting the board to start the review process from scratch with a new, three-member panel early this year.
Some industry analysts have questioned the need for the Energy East project after TransCanada's 830,000-bpd Keystone XL project received U.S. approval to transport oil from Alberta to the U.S. Gulf Coast and Kinder Morgan won federal approval of its Trans Mountain pipeline project to nearly triple capacity of its 1,150-kilometre line from Edmonton to Burnaby, B.C., to 890,000 bpd.
Enbridge Inc.'s rebuild of its Line 3 export pipeline to the U.S. is expected to add another 375,000 bpd of capacity.
But the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers says all the pipelines are needed, predicting in June that national oil production will climb by 33 per cent by 2030 to reach 5.12 million bpd -- CEO Tim McMillan said Thursday pipeline capacity will be exceeded under that forecast if Energy East is not in place.
Suncor Energy Inc. (TSX:SU), Canada's largest oil, gas and refining company by market capitalization, had hoped Energy East would allow it to replace U.S. and offshore oil at its 137,000-barrel-per-day Montreal refinery, said spokeswoman Sneh Seetal.
"We're disappointed," she said. "We supported the Energy East pipeline because it would have provided supply options and access to western Canadian crudes for our Montreal refinery and also would have provided access to new markets which is critical for Canadian producers."
The line would have brought western oil as far east as Irving Oil's New Brunswick works. "This is a sad day for Canada," said Irving president Ian Whitcomb in a statement.
The project has opened deep rifts in political circles, with New Brunswick and Alberta premiers expressing disappointment Thursday and Quebec politicians like Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre celebrating its demise.
In its news release, TransCanada said it will record a non-cash charge of about $1 billion in its fourth-quarter results to account for funds invested in the failed venture.
Girling assured investors that he expects TransCanada will continue to focus on its $24-billion near-term capital program, which he said will support growth in its annual dividend.
RBC Capital Markets analyst Robert Kwan said in a report the news was "neutral" from an investor point of view because of market skepticism that the project would proceed.
TransCanada shares closed up one per cent at $61.55 on Thursday on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
A "party" of people are outside the Halifax Central Library, celebrating the end of Energy East. @CTVAtlantic pic.twitter.com/khjGlYYk0q — Laura Brown (@LauraBrownCTV) October 5, 2017
Cake and non-alcoholic champagne, "We are the Champions" playing outside the library, part of the celebration. pic.twitter.com/D0h0RDkH8V — Laura Brown (@LauraBrownCTV) October 5, 2017
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Many people cannot understand why Brexit is taking so long and the thought of extending it for a further two years, as a transitional phase, is abhorrent. The talks continue, but the EU constantly differs from the UK position in every major detail.
The EU is used to getting its own way by saying what it requires and not moving from it, regardless of any arguments from an opponent.
This way of negotiating was learned as long ago as the late 1960s when the President of France, Charles de Gaulle repeatedly said ‘non' until UK politicians almost begged to join the EEC.
This was the reason the UK joined in 1973 with very bad terms that were only salvaged by Margaret Thatcher in 1985, when she forced the EEC to pay a rebate that is still applied today.
More recently, this austere attitude was applied with brutal efficiency against Greece in 2015 and Greece is now far worse off for it.
We cannot expect the Brexit negotiations to be any different. The consequence is claims made by all UK parties, as to what they will agree with the EU, are bound to fail.
In addition, the EU will never give way on the link between the Single market, the Customs Union and the European Court of Justice. The EU would thus insist that during any transitional phase, the UK conforms to all three and the effective leaving date would move to the end of this period. This is not what the UK electorate voted for in 2016.
Accordingly, it would be in the UK's best interest to decide now that after we leave in 2019 we will trade with the EU according to the World Trading Organisation standards, which gives businesses 18 months to prepare.
Adopting WTO standards is not the horrific scenario that some have suggested and has strong support in some quarters. The benefits are that the UK would gain full control of its laws, immigration and trade on March 29, 2019.
In addition, we should pay the EU nothing, which is what UK lawyers conclude we owe them, and the decision regarding the Irish border should be a matter for the two sovereign nations of the UKand Ireland. Any border issues the EU has been a matter between them and Ireland.
None of this means we are abandoning Europe, just the EU administration. It is time to make this decision and walk away.
MA McCormick
Hucknall
What do you think? To email us your comments CLICK HERE
[India], May 30 (ANI): The Ministry of Women and Child Development on Tuesday urged all States and Union Territories to issue necessary directions to the concerned departments to take necessary steps for including male child victims of sexual abuse in the Victim Compensation Scheme/Fund.
In a letter addressed to the Chief Ministers of all States and Union Territories, Minister for Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi highlighted that Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act is gender neutral and safeguards the interest of not only the girl child but also the male child.
The minister has noted that, according to National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) data, the disbursements of victim compensation under Rule 7, POCSO Rules, 2012, has not been uniform or satisfactory. The minister has also drawn attention that in some of the states the interim compensation to child victims of sexual abuse is not being awarded to meet the immediate medical and other needs of the child for relief or rehabilitation. (ANI)
In the days since the shootings that killed 17 people in a Florida school, tensions have been high among students and parents across the nation. In our area, possible threats and rumors of threats yielded quick action to find and arrest those making these threats. That is how it should be.
Both camps argue that they were only responding to each other's 'misleading' claims and statements regarding the recount
Published 10:36 PM, April 24, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Vice President Leni Robredo and former senator Ferdinand Marcos Jr explained to the Presidential Electoral Tribunal (PET) that they had no intention of violating the gag order on the proceedings concerning the election protest filed by Marcos.
Both argued they did not disclose "sensitive information" about the ongoing recount of votes in the 2016 vice presidential race, and they were only responding to each other's "misleading" claims and statements.
The PET on April 10 ordered Marcos and Robredo to explain why they should not be cited in contempt for not following the court's reminder in February to observe the sub judice rule.
In a statement on Tuesday, April 24, a day after filing their compliance to the order, the Vice President's camp "expressed sincere regret" to PET, and said they were "constrained to answer the frivolous media pronouncements" made by Marcos and his spokesperson, lawyer Vic Rodriguez.
"Any statements thus made were on general principles of law or otherwise in defense of the rights, honor, and integrity of the Vice President of the Philippines," said Romulo Macalintal, one of Robredo's counsels.
Macalintal added that "sensitive information" regarding the recount, outside of PET's official pronouncements, "has been discussed by Marcos' spokesperson and personalities allied with Marcos such as Atty. Glenn Chong." He also pointed to news reports quoting an "insider" from PET.
Meanwhile, The Philippine Star reported on Tuesday that Marcos, in his compliance reply, said that their statements were "observations" on the recount, and not prejudicial to PET or its process.
The ex-senator also promised PET to exhibit "more prudence" in media interviews.
However, he insisted that it was the Robredo camp who was "misleading" and "influencing" the public. Marcos cited an opinion piece by lawyer Emil Marañon III published on Rappler on April 8, which talked about Marcos' allegations of "missing audit logs" and "wet ballots."
This piece prompted his spokesperson Rodriguez to clarify and explain their side, added Marcos.
Marcos claimed that Marañon is a "counsel on record" of Robredo. But in the footnote of the opinion piece, Marañon is described as "one of the election lawyers consulted by the camp of Vice President Leni Robredo." – Michael Bueza/Rappler.com
Over at Trent University, the St. Peter Saints were representing Peterborough in the unified league, making their way into the playoffs. The Saints played well and lost in a close game to the Bracebridge and Muskoka Lakers 30-22.
"It's been a great turnout to the event," said Joanne Cornelisse, a coach for Peak North-Huron Heights. "There's a lot of enthusiasm from all the athletes and coaches."
The Special Olympics Ontario School Championships concluded with the closing ceremonies Wednesday night at the Memorial Centre.
NOTE: Results can be found at sooschoolchampionships2018.ca
—
Special moments for Special Olympians in Peterborough
LANCE ANDERSON
Peterborough This Week
The smile on Miranda Moorcroft's face summed up what Special Olympics is all about.
The Grade 10 St. Peter Secondary School student could barely contain herself after receiving the gold medal for running-long jump. She leapt from the podium with her hands in the air before running off with her friends.
"It's pretty awesome," said Miranda later.
This is Miranda's second year competing in Special Olympics. This year she qualified to represent her school at the Special Olympics School Championships being held this week in Peterborough.
She was even chosen to carry the Special Olympics torch into the opening ceremonies held at the Peterborough Memorial Centre on Tuesday night.
Miranda said she is participating in running races, long jump and shot put.
"I like all this stuff," she added. "I don't have a favourite."
The track and field competition was held at Thomas A. Stewart school on Wednesday. Hundreds of athletes competed in a variety of events in hopes of winning a coveted medal.
Between 1,000 to 1,200 high school athletes from 85 schools across Ontario, Manitoba and Alberta are competing in five sports during the Special Olympics School Championships in Peterborough. The events — track and field, floor hockey, soccer, bocce and basketball — are played at five different venues in the city.
Healthy completion is only one benefit the students experience while participating.
Kathryn Campbell, a learning life skills teacher at Adam Scott, said Special Olympics encourages students to be active while introducing them to life-long opportunities the Special Olympics organization can provide.
"And it's important for heath and social interaction," said Campbell.
Linda Takacs, learning life skills teacher at Kenner, said the games are exciting and empowering and give the students an opportunity to socialize and feel important.
Steve Miller has seen a big change in his daughter, Jessica, since she started competing in Special Olympics events last year.
This is Jessica's last year at St. Peter Secondary School in Peterborough and she's going out in style. On Wednesday, Jessica won the silver medal in running long jump in her division. Her friend Reggie Gabourie won first.
"It's allowed her to achieve goals never thought possible," said Miller of his daughter.
He added he got involved last year when Jessica was invited to compete at the Special Olympics School Championships that were held at Brock University.
"It's all about the kids, that's the focus," said Miller. "So I had to volunteer for this year's (championships in Peterborough). After the experience we had at Brock we had to get involved."
Jessica said she likes all the events she's competing in.
The Special Olympics School Championships closing ceremonies were held Wednesday night at the Memorial Centre.
Virginia university begins search for new president
NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — A university in Virginia has begun its search for a new president.
The Virginian-Pilot reports that Norfolk State University is seeking nominations and applications for the school's seventh president. Melvin Stith was named interim president last November after Eddie Moore Jr. retired in December. Stith began working as interim president on Jan. 1, 2018.
A 21-member search committee is set to hold open sessions where members of the public can voice their thoughts on the search this month. There will be more sessions in August. Comments and nominations can also be made online at the school's website.
A university news release says the next president needs to understand the school's station as a historically black institution and the changing environment of higher education.
___
Information from: The Virginian-Pilot, http://pilotonline.com
March 30 Xinjiang Tianshan Animal Husbandry Bio-engineering Co Ltd :
* Sees net loss for FY 2017 Q1 to be 3.5 million yuan to 4.5 million yuan, compared to net loss in FY 2016 Q1(16.3 million yuan)
* Says decreased operating revenue and increased integrated gross as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/AQjtHF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SEATTLE – The Seattle City Council passed new legislation on Monday that some call among the most progressive tenant protections in the country.
The new law will no longer allow landlords to check a person's criminal history.
Proponents of the new rules said it's a second chance for people who have repaid their debt to society, while landlords fear it ties their hands and creates serious safety concerns for their residents.
This isn't the first time Seattle lawmakers have tried to make renting easier for people — the city already requires landlords to accept new tenants on a first-come, first-serve basis. Landlords are suing the city over that law, claiming it is unconstitutional.
During Monday's council meeting, the audience roared when the new legislation was approved, 8-0. The measure aims to end housing barriers for people convicted of crimes.
“They've paid their debt, that is the bottom line,” said City Council President Bruce Harrell.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The new law means landlords will no longer be able to consider a person's criminal history when interviewing prospective renters.
“I'm still being told you don't fit in, you can't live here, we don't trust you, no matter how much work I put in,” said Seattle resident Rusty Thomas.
Thomas said he served his time, got a college degree, but complains his criminal past keeps him from fully reentering society.
“I say all of this because I have agency as a white male,” he said. “So if I'm suffering, I can't even imagine people of color doing the same things I'm doing.”
Supporters of the new law said people of color face the most discrimination under current law because that population is disproportionately incarcerated.
The new law won't go into effect for another six months. The only people who may be denied rental housing will be those who are on a sex offender registry list.
Harrell said new rules will give convicted criminals a chance to redeem themselves without fear of becoming homeless because of picky landlords.
“It's going to be through policy corrections that we address these evils that have occurred in our society,” he said.
A A
Don't people pay attention in civics class? Nearly every day, I see a letter to the editor that shows they don't know the most basic things about American democracy.
In a nutshell, there are three branches to our government: Congress legislates or makes laws, the president and his staff execute those laws, and the courts judge whether those laws are in agreement with our Constitution. When a president makes a law, he is acting outside his responsibility. When a federal judge is asked through a lawsuit whether a law or executive action is constitutional, that judge has the responsibility to review the case and make a ruling.
Our Republican Congress needs to remind their Republican president that presidential actions and orders must follow the rule of law, and that the Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power to make laws.
True American patriots should be committed to our Constitution and the roles it gives to the three branches of government.
March 31 Tiger Woods will miss the April 6-9 U.S. Masters due to a troublesome back and has no timetable for his return to competitive golf, the former world number one said on Friday.
It will mark only the third time Woods has missed the year's first major since he first competed at Augusta National in 1995. Woods did not play the Masters in 2014 and 2016 and tied for 17th in 2015. (Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
FILE PHOTO: Choi Soon-sil, the woman at the centre of the South Korean political scandal and long-time friend of President Park Geun-hye, arrives for a hearing argument for South Korean President Park Geun-hye's impeachment trial at the Constitutional Court in Seoul, South... REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL A long-time friend of ousted South Korean President Park Geun-hye is to be transferred to a different location to prevent her from coming into contact with the detained leader, a prosecution official said on Wednesday.
Choi Soon-sil, the friend at the centre of a corruption scandal that removed Park from power, is accused of conspiring with her to pressure big businesses to contribute funds to foundations controlled by Choi and take bribes from the giant Samsung Group in exchange for favours.
Park and Choi are now locked in the women's ward at the Seoul Detention Center in the South Korean capital, but Choi will be moved to a different location.
"It (her transfer) will happen this week...The women's block at the Seoul Detention Center is not big. Apparently the detention centre is having difficulties to control," a prosecution official told reporters.
Park is being held in detention for up to 20 days while she is investigated and possibly indicted on charges that could imprison her for at least 10 years.
Others at the site include Samsung scion Jay Y. Lee, who is accused of giving bribes to Park for corporate favours, as well as top presidential aides who have been charged or implicated in the scandal.
Park, Choi and Lee have denied any wrongdoing.
Prosecutors have said they interrogated Park in the detention centre on Tuesday rather than summoning her, at her lawyer's request, taking into consideration her security and mental condition.
She is spending her time in a single cell that is slightly more spacious than others.
Park will have another interrogation session at the centre on Thursday, the prosecution official added.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Jack in the box Inc -
* Announces upcoming CFO retirement
* Jerry Rebel plans to retire as company's chief financial officer in 2018
* Company will begin an external search for a new CFO, and Rebel will continue to serve as CFO until after appointment of a successor Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Ampati (Meghalaya): The opposition Congress retained the Ampati Assembly seat in Meghalaya on Thursday by a margin of over 3,000 votes, officials said.
With this victory, the Congress has increased its strength to 21 and emerged as the single largest party in the 60-member Meghalaya assembly.
The ruling National People's Party which is heading the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government has 20 members and is supported by seven members of the United Democratic Party, four from People's Democratic Front, two each from Bharatiya Janata Party and Hill State People's Democratic Party, one Nationalist Congress Party besides two Independents.
Chief Electoral Officer Frederick Roy Kharkongor said Congress' candidate Miani Dalbot Shira secured 14,259 votes, while her nearest rival Clement Momin of the ruling National People's Party bagged the 11,068 votes. Miani is the eldest daughter of Leader of Opposition and former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, who had represented the Ampati assembly constituency for six consecutive times. Independent candidate Subhankar Koch could muster only 360 votes. The victory margin of the Congress candidate was 3,191 votes. The by-poll on May 28 was necessitated after Mukul Sangma relinquished the seat in March after he was elected from here as well as Songsak assembly constituency defeating senior NPP leader Nihim Dalbot Shira. Interestingly, the BJP did not field its candidate, despite Bakul Hajong, who lost the February 27 assembly polls, was keen to contest the by-poll.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK – It was a chaotic scene aboard a New York City subway train after a dog locked its jaws onto a rider's foot in a video that surfaced on Instagram Monday.
People on the train can be heard screaming in distress while the dog's owner struggles to control the animal.
“Get him off of me!” the subway rider yells.
When and where the video was recorded is still not clear.
Video of the incident was posted Monday morning on the popular Instagram feed @SubwayCreatures and quickly went viral.
A spokesperson for the MTA confirmed to WPIX that the agency is aware of the incident, calling it “disturbing” and “a clear violation of our rules.”
MTA rules say: “no person may bring any animal on or into any conveyance or facility unless enclosed in a container and carried in a manner which would not annoy other passengers.”
It's a rule some dog owners have been accused of taking advantage of, placing oversized dogs in duffle bags. Photos of massive dogs in tiny carriers commonly make the rounds on social media.
While details remain scarce, it's unclear what led to the incident.
The dog's owner can be heard in the video saying, “she attacked him first.”
“Ok – but just get the dog away from her,” another subway rider says.
According to the MTA, video of the incident has been flagged for the NYPD to investigate.
The agency is still trying to figure out when and where it took place, according to WPIX.
The rule of keeping animals in carriers does not apply to “service dogs” like law enforcement K9s and dogs assisting those with disabilities. Therapy dogs and emotional support dogs are not recognized as “service dogs” under the MTA's rules and regulations.​
Scroll for more content...
Workers who make clothing did very well. So did bankers.
Miners and autoworkers, not so much.
The Labor Department reported the biggest hourly pay increase in eight years in Friday's jobs report -- an average increase of 2.9% for private sector employees.
"The job market is very tight and getting tighter," said Mark Zandi, chief economist with Moody's Analytics. "Businesses are struggling to hire or hang onto people so they have no choice but to raise wages"
Part of that boost came at the low end of the pay scale, since an estimated 4.5 million minimum wageworkers in 18 states got raises when their states boosted the minimum wage on Jan. 1.
But with 125.5 million people working across the country, the raises for those 4.5 million minimum wageworkers didn't move the needle very much.
Related: American gets a raise - Wage growth fastest since 2009
Data from the Labor Department showed some wide disparity in who got wage increases and who did not.
"The wage increases are not being broadly shared," said Heidi Shierholz, labor economist at the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal think tank.
The job classification with the biggest annual percentage increase was clothing manufacturing. Wages jumped 14% on average according to the labor department data. That's a very small sector with only 116,000 workers, most of whom make high-end merchandise. That's because the overwhelming majority of clothing sold in U.S. is imported from low wage countries, leaving behind only high-end clothing manufacturing.
"These are people who are very skilled. And I'm sure it's very difficult to hold onto those workers," said Zandi. He added that the industry also has a high percentage of foreign born workers.
"I'm sure the crackdown on immigration is having an impact in that sector," he said, forcing manufacturers to pay their remaining workers even more. "This is only the beginning. It's going to get a lot worse."
The bankruptcy of American Apparel, which used to make more modestly-priced clothes at U.S. plants also help drive up the sector's wages. Clothing manufacturing lost about 15,000 jobs in the last 18 months, and eliminating more modestly-paying jobs has the effect of raising the average wage significantly.
The second biggest wage increase was the 4.6% boost that workers who refine petroleum and coal products -- another relatively small sector with 115,000 jobs.
The other group that got a significant wage hike were the 8.5 million people working in what the government classifies as "financial activities," such as banking, Wall Street and insurance. They averaged a 4.2% raise.
Related: Google to hire thousands in nine states
Wages for the 16 million people who work in the leisure and hospitality industry, rose 3.3% on average. Most of those workers -- about 11.9 million -- work in restaurants, including fast food, and bars.
"If you're going to see [the impact of higher minimum wages] anywhere, you'll see it with restaurant workers," said Zandi.
Mining and logging workers posted only a 0.3% increase, on average, despite all the attention that's been focused on mining jobs. Zandi said the rural mining communities are among the few places where there is not a shortage of workers putting upward pressure on wages.
"If there's any slack in the economy it's there," he said.
One sector where wages declined was auto plants and factories that make auto parts, where the average pay fell by 0.3%. Some of that could be done to an aging work force, since better-paid workers are retiring and being replaced by lower-paid new hires. Also helping to depress auto wages was series of layoffs at better paying unionized auto plants in Michigan and Ohio during the year, and growth at lower paying non-union auto plants in the South.
Speech to Text for Gas prices are going up
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
"a". and that tops today's consumer alert. [b14]gas prices-live pkg that's because prices at the pump.. continue to rise. as a record number of people hit the road for the fourth of july holiday .. you'll notice your "fuel bill" is quit a bit higher as well. news 10's abby kirk is live at the sunoco gas station behind h oney creek mall in terre haute. abby.. what can drivers expect to see and how "you" can get more gas for less? lacey---- it's no secret that more people hit the open road for independence day. in fact.. "triple a" estimates" "nearly 40" a million americans will be traveling over the holiday. now.. if you're one of those people--- you'll notice that this year.. celebrating comes with a cost. ------------------ nat "holy crap! what happened..." "my mouth dropped!" -------------------- it's the talker for many.... "i think the government needs to do something about it because its hurting us little people ." the price you pay at the pump.... "a lot of people are going to be hitting the road, interstates, and highways to visit family and friends and just general travel to see fireworks as well." in terre haute... people are paying just about "3" dollars a gallon. that's nearly "62" cents more compared to this time "last year." so why so much? ..... "t-j modesitt" from "big o tires" says crude oil prices are to blame. - harold "if crude drops down, gasoline and fuel prices are going to go up." nat it's the priciest fourth of july in four years. but, it's still "11" cents cheaper from what people were paying on memorial day. nat - "check your air filters. a lot of times that something that you just ignore." modesitt says there are some ways you can be proactive this holiday. and get more "fuel" for your "buck." - harold "make sure that your tires are properly inflated." he says take it slow when putting the "pedal to the metal." -harold "even if you drop back 20 miles per hour, you're going to save up to 20 percent of fuel economy." there are also "apps" nat "so It's going to show you the lowest that's reported right there and jump right over to the highest thats reported." like gas buddy... that helps drivers find the cheapest gas near them. - harold "i will check gas buddy and uh it has saved me thousands of dollars." - tj "its nice because you go through and see real time...who is reporting correct gas prices." triple a says there's a strong possibility gas prices will rise again in the coming months. reporting live in terre haute, abby kirk, news 10. back to you. [b15]x education alert-vo the stakes are high for
April 20 Central Grocers Inc, a supplier to independent grocery stores in the Midwestern United States, is considering a bankruptcy filing as one possible option as it struggles with its debt, according to people familiar with the matter.
Central Grocers is working with law firm Weil Gotshal & Manges LLP, investment bank Peter J. Solomon Co, and consultants from Conway MacKenzie Inc on reviewing strategic alternatives, including a debt restructuring, three people said this week.
The sources asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak to the media. Central Grocers declined to comment on any bankruptcy plans. Conway MacKenzie and Peter J. Solomon declined to comment. Weil did not immediately return a request for comment.
The preparations for a potential bankruptcy indicate that Central Grocers, which distributes its own Centrella brand food products to grocery stores, is making contingencies in case an asset sale plan it announced earlier this week is not successful.
The Joliet, Illinois-based company said on Tuesday it was working with its advisors to sell as a going concern a majority of the Strack & Van Til grocery stores it operates, and that it also plans to close nine supermarkets operating under the Ultra Foods banner.
The company, which has about $2 billion in sales annually, is also exploring selling its warehouse, according to the sources.
Earlier this year, Central Grocers, a cooperative owned by independent member grocery stores, told members in a letter that it had received indications of interest in its business from "multiple parties" hoping to expand in its marketplace in the Midwest.
Already operating with razor-thin margins, supermarkets have been under more pressure due to falling food prices and growing competition from big box stores including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and online options such as Amazon.com Inc. Last year, the parent company of Fairway Markets, a New York-area chain of supermarkets, filed for bankruptcy.
In addition to operating Strack & Van Til and Ultra, Central Grocers supplies Midwestern supermarkets Tony's Finer Foods and Sunset Foods.
The company says it is the seventh-largest grocery store cooperative in the United States, serving 500 supermarkets. (Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli in New York; Editing by David Gregorio)
LAVAL, Que. — Charlie Lindgren stopped all 26 shots he faced to lead the Laval Rocket to a 3-0 victory over the Belleville Senators on Friday in the American Hockey League debut for both teams.
Michael McCarron led the Laval (1-0-0) offence with a goal and an assist and Daniel Audette and Nick Deslauriers also scored for the Montreal Canadiens' new AHL affiliate. The team moved from St. John's, N.L.
Danny Taylor stopped 22 shots for the Senators (0-1-0), who moved to Belleville from Binghamton, N.Y.
The Rocket were 1 for 3 on the power play. Belleville failed to take advantage of eight chances with the man advantage.
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
LONDON European shares kicked off the first trading day of May with gains underpinned by healthy corporate earnings, and manufacturing data adding to evidence of a robust underlying economy in the region.
Financials and energy stocks provided the biggest boost to the pan-European STOXX 600 which was up 0.2 percent. French bluechips held near decade highs while Germany's DAX hovered near a record.
With about a third of the MSCI Europe having reported first-quarter results, corporate profit growth in the region was running neck-and-neck with the healthy clip seen in the U.S. Overall, for the first quarter earnings in Europe are expected to grow 13.9 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Brokers were watching the first-quarter results season as a crucial factor in their argument for European equities' outperformance.
Euro zone factory activity hit a six-year high in April, a PMI survey showed, as demand remained strong despite rising prices.
This added to a series of data points indicating the economic backdrop for European corporates was improving.
"The economy is doing better within Europe, but these also tend to be global companies," said Isabelle Mateos Y Lago, chief multi-asset strategist at Blackrock.
"The main reason why we are optimistic is because European companies are extremely well plugged in to benefit from the global reflation story, from China and US growth picking up."
British oil major BP gained 2.9 percent after its first-quarter profits tripled, thanks to higher oil prices and production.
It fuelled a 0.5 percent rise in Europe's oil and gas sector index, which handily outperformed other sectors. Banks were up 0.3 percent.
Fund manager Aberdeen gained 2.9 percent after its first-half results added to signs of fight back from active fund managers against the passive tracker funds eroding their market share.
The pace of outflows from Aberdeen's funds slowed slightly and revenues rose 10.6 percent thanks to market gains and cost cuts.
Shares in online food delivery company Ocado jumped up to 8.9 percent. Traders cited a report of a delivery tie-up with supermarket M&S. Ocado's shares are among the most-heavily shorted in the UK.
Swiss materials company OC Oerlikon gained 2.9 percent after it raised its targets for sales and orders for 2017, reporting a strong first quarter.
Among fallers, Swedish polymer producer Hexpol dropped 7.8 percent after broker Kepler Cheuvreux cut the stock to 'hold' from 'buy', saying that following a recent rally the company's shares now reflected expected growth.
Kepler analysts were still relatively positive on the company, saying strong cash flow and balance sheet leave room for acquisitions to drive growth.
Airport retailer Dufry slipped 3 percent after its results. The company reported first-quarter organic growth of 7.2 percent, but traders cited weaker than expected earnings and cash flow.
Jyske Bank underperformed Europe's financials, down 3 percent after the Danish bank posted first-quarter results with weaker net interest income and capital ratio. It was trading in heavy volume, and set for its worst day in six months.
(Reporting by Helen Reid, Editing by Vikram Subhedar and Ed Osmond)
The Phoenix bassist talks to Rappler about their love of Italy and what has been described as the band's sweetest album yet
Published 5:20 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – It's been a few years since Phoenix was in Manila, having played a sold out show at the Wanderland festival last January 2014. The band is returning for a show on August 15, at the Araneta Coliseum, bringing along songs from their latest album, Ti Amo.
The album has been described as the band's softest, sweetest album yet, with Rolling Stone calling it "mellow seventies sunshine" and Pitchfork saysingit is "glossy, soft-pop romance," and with tracks like "Tuttifrutti,""Fior di Latte," "Lovelife," and the title track, "Ti Amo," a more colorful point-of-view is to be expected from the new record.
Ahead of the show, Rappler caught up with bassist Deck d'Arcy, who talked about the new album's noticeably more romantic sound, why the band came back to Manila, and what audiences can expect from their upcoming show.
Why did you decide to play in Manila again?
We don't decide where we go, we just go where people want us to come. Apparently, people wanted to see Phoenix, so we came back. We really like the first time we came, it was a pretty epic show, so we decided to come back.
Any song you're excited to be playing for this show?
We never really know what the set list is going to be before we play. It's decided a few minutes before the show, so we'll see. Probably depending on what we played last time also, we'll try something different.
Why is the new album called Ti Amo?
We always wanted to call an album [that] – Bankrupt! was meant to be called Je t'aime, which means the same thing in French. The music was not fitting the title. It was too cynical to be called this way. This album [Ti Amo] is much more positive and celebrating something, more light so it was a much better fit.
Was the lightness in Ti Amo something you planned when you were making the music?
We never plan what we're gonna do – we tried to when we were younger but it never worked. Now we accepted the fact that we can't control the direction of what things are gonna take, so we just go with the flow. The way we work is, we set up a new studio, a new sound palette in the studio with new instruments, and we just start improvising for a few months, and after that period, we just sort things, find the direction of the album, and from that point try to build proper sound. It's nothing really planned, you know?
This album is inspired by Italy – and you also have a previous song on Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix called "Rome." What's so special about Italy?
We have two Italian brothers in the band [guitarist and keyboardist Laurent Brancowitz and guitarist Christian Mazzalai] – they're half-Italian. It's been there. We've been fascinated by Italian music for a few years. It's the brothers that introduced us to that. This album is not an Italian music album, but Italy is kind of a pretext to write music around.
We feel blessed that we have the fact that we have these Italian roots, or Latin roots in general. It's kind of a musical landscape that's still a bit free, it's an inspiration that hasn't been sold as much so we're like okay, let's jump onto this. One day Thomas [Mars, vocalist] came up with this – we were just improvising in the studio and he started singing “Fior di Latte,” a track in the album.
You're taking this tour all over the world – how did you prepare for that experience?
We don't really prepare, we prepare the show not specifically for any place. We thought about this show for quite a while now, maybe a year? We came up with the idea of a stage design. We found a reference in a picture of a French cabaret called Folies Bergère. It's a picture from the 1920s, and it's a stage design with a mirror on top of it. I don't know if we can bring it to Manila, it's really big and heavy so I don't know if we'll have the physical time to bring it, it's not decided yet, but there will be something else at the tour anyway. We put a lot of energy in this.
What do you think makes your music universal?
If I knew the truth, I would make music all the time. I don't know. It's not an easy question. It depends on the song as well. Some songs work, some songs don't. It's the charm of it as well. I'm not sure I really want to know why…I guess the fact that we make music in English but in a very French way…I don't know. The thing is, what's for sure is that we do things for ourselves from almost A to Z, for the best and for the worst…It's really homemade. Even videos, the stage design. Everything is kind of homemade.
Any routines or pre-show rituals you get into before you play?
That question is fascinating everyone…it's a bit of a boring answer, but we don't have anything.
What can Manila fans expect?
They can expect I hope the same show but even better than last time. I don't know if it's going to be possible because we have a very good memory of the show we did. You know when it was really good, it's always a bit of a problem because you don't know if you're gonna be as good as the last time. We have really high expectations. Tell them to be prepared, get ready, because we have high expectations.
What made the last show really good?
The crowd was great. The show depends on only one thing: the crowd.
– Rappler.com
One of the greatest minds, Stephen Hawking, before he passed away, warned us anew on the dangers of artificial intelligence (AI). In several interviews, he said that it could be the “worst event in the history of our civilization” and warned us that it could end mankind.
He drove home the point. In a recent survey of Pew research, more than 70% of Americans expressed wariness or concern about a world where machines perform many of the tasks done by humans. In this age of the 4th Industrial Revolution, there is a resurgence of technophobia, or the fear or dislike of advanced technology or complex devices. The term first surfaced in 1960 to 1965, when psychologists noticed a growing fear for computers and how it may replace human jobs.
Now, in the workplace and in society in general, technophobia is becoming more pronounced as technology progresses in a breakneck speed. In fact, a 2017 Microsoft research in the UK which surveyed more than 1,000 business leaders revealed that three-quarters (74%) of them view that alterations in tasks due to technology create anxiety among employees, and almost half (49%) also find employees express fear of change when digital transformation initiatives are introduced. Locally, business leaders of five shared services firms I spoke with in the last two months expressed serious concern over the “fear” of their employees, mostly millennials, of the potential threat of AI to their jobs.
But technophobia doesn't manifest itself in a shivering fear of technology. Early work in the 1990s from psychologist Dr. Larry Rosen of the University of California identified three dominant types of technophobes: “uncomfortable users,” “cognitive computerphobes” and “anxious computerphobes,” While he used “computer” as the anchor technology, the types apply to current and advanced technologies.
Uncomfortable technophobes are “slightly anxious because they do not have enough information about the effective use of computers” [or other technologies for that matter]. Cognitive technophobes, on the other hand, “may appear cool, calm, controlled externally but are bombarding themselves with negative cognitions internally.” Lastly, anxious technophobes are “persona exhibiting the classic signs of anxiety when they use a computer (sweaty palms, heart palpitations, etc.),” or any technology for that matter.
In Dr. Rosen's experiments, he “noted that these three types are differentiated by the reactions of computerophobe people while using the computer, not in its absence. This demonstrates an important point: the technophobes not completely avoid the source of their anxiety.”
This is more evident in this age where technology is part of everyday life — at play, at work, and in society in general. However, we witness the different forms of technophobia in organizations, especially those that go through transformative journeys — adopting cloud or deploying AI to modernize operations.
Differences among generations complicate the matter where organizations still employ as much as 20% baby-boomers while the rest are Millennials and Gen-X and Ys. In our work and observations, baby-boomer employees generally exhibit cognitive and anxious technophobia when it comes to using new work software applications, like collaboration and productivity tools. This results in slow adoption of new technologies and work practices.
On the other hand, Millennial and Gen X and Y employees, especially those in business process outsourcing (BPO) and shared services firms, display uncomfortable user and cognitive technophobia due to their uncertainties with and fear of AI, which is disrupting this industry. They can easily learn and adapt to new technologies but display resistance due to uncertainties with job continuity or security.
In these cases, it is important to employ behavioral interventions to ensure that these employee groups transition smoothly to the new technology to maximize the benefit of the investment. A combination of user training, coaching and feedback, corporate communications to reinforce messages, sustaining activities like gamification of the technology, and reward and recognition are necessarily part of an adoption program to address organizational technophobia and ultimately change behavior of employees.
However, for uncomfortable user technophobia evident in BPOs and shared services, management inspirational communications, and training and education should be given focus to remove uncertainties and quell all fears. For cognitive and anxious technophobia evident among older generations, apart from the other interventions, sustaining activities like coaching and feedback should be the focus to ensure greater success in behavior change.
But technophobia is also the reason why many organizations are technologically lagging, as business leaders exhibit cognitive technophobia.
While start-ups and established e-commerce firms disrupt industries in banking, retail, insurance, and so on, still a lot of organizations relegate technology and innovation to technology professionals. Many business leaders openly say that they understand and embrace technology but quietly resist or downplay its impact.
They should be self-aware of this technophobia and instead learn and embrace technology through education, open dialog with and counseling from those employees who are well-versed with technology, or even employ external consultants that provide guidance, and ultimately make technology part of their strategic action and agenda.
The article reflects the personal opinion of the author and does not reflect the official stand of the Management Association of the Philippines or the MAP
Reynaldo C. Lugtu, Jr. is the Co-Vice Chair of the MAP ICT Committee. He is the President of Hungry Workhorse Consultancy, a digital and culture transformation consultancy firm; and Co-Founder and Counsellor of Caucus Inc, a data privacy consulting firm. He teaches strategic management in the MBA Program of De La Salle University. He is also an Adjunct Faculty of the Asian Institute of Management.
map@map.org.ph
reylugtu@gmail.com.
http://map.org.ph
Lea Michele is fully embracing 2017!
To ring in the new year, the Scream Queens actress took to Instagram on Sunday to celebrate the holiday. But while many commemorated their Jan. 1 celebrations with snaps from glitter and champagne-filled evenings, Michele opted to pose in her birthday suit.
In the social media shot, a naked Michele, 30, sat on a white wall with her face up to the sky, her long hair flowing over her back and a leaf emoji covering her derriere.
“Loving you so far 2017,” she captioned the shot.
Loving you so far 2017. ✌🏻 A photo posted by Lea Michele (@leamichele) on Jan 1, 2017 at 5:49pm PST
And while the former Glee star is looking forward to the new year, she took time to reflect on the past year.
“2016 was a great year full of many new adventures! Can't wait to share all that's to come in 2017! Wishing all of you a happy and healthy New Year!” she captioned a video slideshow also shared to Instagram on Sunday.
Stepping into 2017 like… 😛 A video posted by Lea Michele (@leamichele) on Dec 30, 2016 at 9:37pm PST
Just weeks shy of ringing in the new year — when many look to Jan. 1 with the goal of getting fit — the actress revealed to PEOPLE what keeps her motivated to stay healthy.
“Knowing that I can eat whatever I want afterward always makes me feel good!” she told PEOPLE at the AeriREAL pop-up shop in New York. “I need a goal at the end of anything that I do.” When pushing through a workout, Michele reminds herself that “at the end, there's this great place that I'm going to get the most delicious salad or sushi!”
The Liga ng mga Barangay has over 322,000 members – barangay captains and other village officials
Published 4:34 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The House of Representatives is pushing for the barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) elections to be postponed to May 2018. But if barangay leaders themselves were to decide, they'd rather it be moved to a much later date -- “October 2019 or any time after the mid-term elections.”
At a hearing Monday, August 14 of the House committee on suffrage and electoral reforms, Liga ng mga Barangay national president Edmund Abesamis said “based on consultations,” majority of their members would rather that the already postponed village elections be held after the mid-term elections in May 2019.
Abesamis, a barangay official from Nueva Ecija, leads the organization with more than 42,000 barangays in its roster. They have some 322,000 members, which include barangay captains and other barangay officials.
The committee on suffrage and electoral reforms is hearing today bills calling for the postponement of the barangay elections to October 2018, a date that was determined during a House all-member caucus. The Senate too favored postponement of the polls, however, it has not yet decided on a date. The barangay elections were supposed to be held in October 2016 but it was postponed.
President Rodrigo Duterte has cited the war on drugs, and the supposed proliferation of drug personalities in barangay posts, as a good reason to postpone the elections. While Duterte wanted to appoint officials in the interim, legislators want incumbent officials to be “holdovers” until the next elections.
Abesamis said his organization also favored allowing incumbents to be holdovers.
Duterte earlier said that 40% of barangay officials had links to illegal drugs.
Quizzed by legislators, Abesamis could neither confirm not deny the President's claims but admitted that there were some officials who were involved. “We are concerned that drug syndicates may use drug money to affect the elections,” said Abesamis.
The Liga ng mga Barangay head earlier said they want government to press the proper charges against barangay officials – including their members – with alleged links to illegal drugs. – Rappler.com
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Legislation designed to make Kansas schools safer from gun violence has passed a House committee.
The bill endorsed by the Appropriations Committee on Monday would require schools and state agencies to establish guidelines for fortifying schools against armed threats. It also would provide $5 million for safety measures like metal detectors and hardened glass.
The House will consider the bill next.
Kansas education lobbyists called the bill inadequate during a Friday hearing.
Kansas National Education Association lobbyist Mark Desetti said that $5 million is not enough to secure the state's nearly 1,600 schools.
The committee amended the bill Monday so that school districts must match any funding provided to them from the $5 million.
Republican Rep. Brenda Landwehr of Wichita proposed the amendment and said it would essentially double funding.
April 5 Charles River Laboratories International Inc:
* Nimbus Therapeutics enters into strategic partnership with Charles River Laboratories to advance new therapeutic programs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade, Ferko String Band! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year's parade and our archive of your past performances.
The NRA's charitable arm is calling the maker of a premium brand of cooler “unsportsmanlike” after the manufacturer ended a discount program. That's per a letter from NRA Foundation lobbyist Marion Hammer, who was the NRA's first female president and says Yeti “should be ashamed,” USA Today reports.
In a statement, Yeti took issue with the NRA's characterization, saying Hammer's letter is “inaccurate” and that it's simply halting some “outdated discounting programs” and setting up an “alternate customization program.”
Yeti—which sells coolers that can go for up to $1,300 and is the latest company to modify its relationship with the NRA after the Parkland shooting, per the Hill—added it's “unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment,” the Austin American-Statesman reports.
No matter the details, gun owners are railing against Yeti and saying they've “shot themselves in the foot.”
One prominent detractor who now supports a boycott: Chris Loesch, husband of NRA spokeswoman Dana Loesch. “Do you not understand who your base is?,” Chris Loesch tweeted. “Will never buy or use any of your products again and we had a bunch.”
Some are even taking to destroying their Yeti products—including by blowing them up, shooting them with rifles, and crushing them in vises—using #YetiCoolerChallenge.
Not everyone agrees this is the most sensible reaction.
“Let me get this straight: #yeticoolerchallenge = fill $500 cooler with $20 of tannerite. Blow up cooler. Outcome: @Yeti keeps $500, @NRA foundation receives no benefit, and you are left with no cooler and a huge mess to clean up … seems reasonable,” one observer sarcastically notes.
More From Newser
The Annual Julian Cider Run is Saturday, October 7, 2017. Tune in as Lisa Lewis shares all the detail and how you can participate in this fun day which raises funds for the schools.
Crazy hair days are now in style thanks to our latest adoptable pup, Bramble!
This adorable Terrier mix is looking to return to a loving home. Though she had to be surrendered when her owner got sick, Bramble was well taken care of and loved.
As a bit of an older pup, she will be a great fit in a laid back home. She's not looking for anything to overwhelming so somewhere she can cuddle and give lots of kisses... She loves to give kisses!
Check out more information on Bramble at Street Tails Rescue.
Secretary of Defense James Mattis has warned the Syrian regime against the use of chemical weapons, telling reporters Friday "you have all seen how we reacted to that, so they'd be ill advised to go back to violating the chemical convention."
Scroll for more content...
Mattis was referring to the April 2017 military strike when the US launched Tomahawk missiles against Syria in response to a chemical weapons attack that killed dozens of civilians.
Asked if the Syrian regime was using chlorine weapons Mattis said he believed they had done so "repeatedly" but said that the US is "even more concerned about the possibility of Sarin use, the likelihood of Sarin use, and we're looking for the evidence."
Mattis said he does not believe that Syria has kept to the 2013 agreement brokered by the US and Russia that required the Assad regime to relinquish their chemical weapons.
"We think that they did not carry out what they said they would do back when in the previous administration when they were caught using it. Obviously, they didn't, because they used it again during our administration, and that gives us a lot of reason to suspect them, and now we have other reports from the battlefield, from people who claim it's been used, we do not have evidence of it, but we are not refuting them, we are looking for evidence of it, since clearly we are dealing with the Assad regime that has used denial and deceit to hide their outlaw actions."
Mattis acknowledged that the US has not seen direct evidence of the use of Sarin gas but pointed to open source reports.
"I don't have the evidence. What I'm saying is that groups on the ground, NGOs, fighters on the ground have said that Sarin has been used," he said. "We are looking for evidence. I don't have evidence credible or uncredible."
State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert on Thursday said the US is "extremely concerned about yet another report of the use of chlorine gas by the Syrian regime to terrorize citizens" in east Ghouta. Nauert said this is the third reported incident in east Ghouta in the last 30 days. "We call on the international community" to hold the responsible parties accountable, Nauert said.
Recent alleged attacks have suggested that Syria continues to produce weapons, US officials told reporters Thursday.
The Assad regime may also be producing new kinds of weapons, the officials said, with the goal either to improve military capability or avoid accountability from the international community, the officials added.
Following the April strike against the regime airbase, Mattis told reporters the regime "the Syrian regime should think long and hard before it again acts so recklessly in violation of international law against the use of chemical weapons," adding, "if they use chemical weapons, they are going to pay a very, very stiff price"
BILOXI – The Vaiden mayor and members of the Board of Aldermen attended the 86th annual Mississippi Municipal League conference in Biloxi last week to learn how they can better serve Vaiden.
Mayor Melvin Hawthorne and Aldermen Theodore Purnell, Curtis Meeks, Doris Fluker and Lesia Hemphill attended the conference.
Products of Belle are seen at a show window at its store in Beijing March 25, 2013. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
HONG KONG A consortium led by private equity firms Hillhouse Capital Group and CDH Investments offered on Friday to buy Belle International Holdings Ltd (1880.HK) in a deal valuing the entire Hong Kong-listed shoe retailer at about $6.8 billion.
The move follows a similar transaction in January, when e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) led a $2.6 billion bid to privatize department store operator Intime Retail Group Co Ltd (1833.HK), underscoring the difficulties traditional retailers are facing from competition with online rivals.
Belle, which distributes several sportswear brands including Nike (NKE.N), Adidas (ADSGn.DE), Puma (PUMG.DE) and Converse, said in a security filing it has experienced "unprecedented challenges," particularly from e-commerce and shopping malls that compete with its main sales channels in department stores.
"A fundamental transformation is necessary in order for the company to compete effectively and solidify its long-term leadership in the Chinese ladies footwear market," CEO Sheng Baijiao said in the filing.
Hillhouse and CDH joined with Yu Wu and Sheng Fang, directors at Belle, to offer HK$6.30 per share in the company. The price is equivalent to a premium of 20 percent from Belle's closing price before the trading halt and values the company at HK$53.1 billion ($6.8 billion).
Hillhouse, which has invested in major Chinese internet companies including Baidu Inc (BIDU.O), Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK) and ride-hailing firm Didi Chuxing, will end up owning 56.8 percent of Belle after the deal is completed, with CDH taking a 12.1 percent stake, according to the filing.
A group of Belle's management, including Yu and Sheng, will own the remainder 31.1 percent of the company.
Bank of America advised the buying consortium and will extend HK$28 billion ($3.60 billion) in acquisition financing to the group to help fund the share purchase.
Chief Executive Sheng and Belle's chairman Tang Yiu have accepted the offer for their combined 25.8 percent stake.
Sheng said the transformation can be more effectively implemented if the company is privatized and free from "short-term distractions arising from the public equities" as it also involves risks.
Trading of Belle's shares has been halted since April 18 at the company's request and will resume on Tuesday, after a public holiday in Hong Kong.
Shares of Belle, which has a market value of $5.7 billion, gained nearly 21 percent so far this year, reversing a 25 percent slide in 2016.
China's top footwear retailer, which has over 20,000 mainland outlets, had warned in March that it expected to see a 15-25 percent fall in profit when it reports full-year earnings in May as shifting consumer style preferences put pressure on its shoe business.
Belle also said adjustments to its share award scheme as part of an incentive program to management had led to a significant increase in expenses.
(Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Nick Macfie/Keith Weir)
CTV Atlantic
Purolator operators in Dieppe, N.B. will be creating dozens of new jobs with help from the provincial government.
Up to 85 jobs will be created at the company's business services centre over the next five years.
The New Brunswick government is offering Purolator up to $560,000 from Opportunities New Brunswick in the form of payroll rebates.
“These are major businesses, there's no doubt about it, but that means that they have choices, they have other provinces and other states that they can go to, so we have to put financial incentives on the table in many cases,” says Premier Brian Gallant. “But we always do so in a way so that we're protecting taxpayers' money.”
The provincial funding is dispersed annually when the company has created and maintained the promised jobs. The company must also show proof of salary levels for their staff.
The expansion comes with millions of dollars in investments from Purolator.
International search and rescue operations for the missing inter-island ferry in Kiribati have been suspended, New Zealand Maritime authorities announced Friday.
Scroll for more content...
"Four search aircraft from New Zealand, Australia and the United States will return to their countries," said Kevin Banaghan, Acting Manager of New Zealand's Rescue Coordination Center.
A rescue aircraft from the Australian Maritime Safety Agency and a C-130 Hercules plane from the US Coast Guard joined the search efforts last week.
Local authorities also confirmed this week that 88 people were on board the ferry, including 65 adults, 13 teenagers and 10 children. Earlier reports estimated 50 people on board.
Seven passengers were rescued on January 28 after being spotted in a drifting dinghy by a New Zealand Air Force Orion patrol plane. The plane diverted a nearby fishing vessel to pick up the survivors, according to Sandra Ford, a spokeswoman of the New Zealand Rescue Coordination Center.
The ferry, MV Butiraoi, left the island of Nonouti on January 18, bound for the Kiribati capital of South Tarawa, a 155-mile trip expected to take two days. Kiribati and Fiji began the search after the ferry failed to arrive. New Zealand's Rescue Coordination Center later took charge of search and rescue operations.
Kiribati, an island republic with a population of 108,000, consists of 33 coral atolls about midway between Hawaii and Australia. The archipelago, which is 3,425 miles north of New Zealand, is in a vast and remote part of the South Pacific.
Rescue workers described the area where the dinghy was found as "quite remote," and said other ships would take at least 24 hours to get there.
Kiribati vessels will continue searching, New Zealand authorities reported.
Susan A. Thornton, Acting Assistant Secretary at the State Department's Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, offered condolences to the people of Kiribati following the tragedy. "Our thoughts and prayers are with them as they continue to search for those lost at sea," she said.
A driver in Santiago, Chili made one hell of a mistake when the parking lot ramp she thought she was pulling into was, in fact, a set of steps with a glass door at the bottom.
Another angle of the incident:
Though this is a very unfortunate set of happenings, we're very happy to report that, aside from a bruised ego, no one was hurt.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Scroll for more content...
The Rockville girls basketball team beat Attica 35-28 to win their first sectional championship since 1981.
Speech to Text for United Way Volunteers
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
but they're not sure how. now -- there's now a new website for the wabash valley to find ways to give back! it's called "volunteer wabash valley." the website shows you organizations in our community that are in need... and are looking for help. this is put on by the "united way of the wabash valley". over the past few months -- non-profits and charities began posting their volunteer opportunities and events. they include -- fostering animals with the parke vermillion humane society -- to helping at the happiness bag. [b17]riley casey's general facility-vo "casey's general store" has a new location to serve
Dewey-Humboldt's most recognizable resident, Woody Wampler, shows adults how to pan for gold June 29 at the Dewey-Humboldt Town Library.
Fellow prospectors from the Phoenix chapter of the Gold Prospectors Association of America joined in the fun.
Although Wampler set up the activity for children, he said most of the morning's participants were adults.
“But that's OK. They're learning. People learn things and that's what it's all about,” he said. “Besides, they are just big kids.”
Gift Guide
Christmas 2017 Holiday Gift Guide Even in this electronic age, nothing says “I'm thinking about you” quite like a book. Every interest. Every income. Every sensibility. All can be served by a carefully chosen book. More: they are beautiful and — yes — at a time when almost anything can fit on a smartphone, there is something steeply luxurious about saying “I love you” in print.
There are a hundred thousand interests and there are millions of books, but here are a handful that might make those you love realize just how much you care.
artblog-bg-slide2 Non-Fiction The Selfie
Generation How Our Self-Images Are Changing Our Notions of Privacy, Sex, Consent, and Culture
(Skyhorse) by Alicia Eler
At a time when we are just beginning to look at the long-term implications of social media and things adjacent, journalist Alicia Eler examines of every aspect of the selfie. Is the selfie a symptom of a self-absorbed generation, or are they part of something so much larger? Shop Now
Crime Fiction The Best
American
Mystery
Stories 2017 (Mariner)
edited by John Sandford and Otto Penzler Not much needs to be said about this one. These are 20 of the best mystery stories published in the last years, chosen by a couple of guys who know. The included stories include entries from C.J. Box, Jeffery Deaver, Joyce Carol Oates, Peter Straub and a bunch more. ‘Nuff said. Run, don't walk. Shop Now
Art & Culture What is the
Meaning
of Life? (Andrews McMeel)
by Don Hermann This is one of those amusing little books that make an ideal gift for readers who don't read. The photo makes it look like a regular book. It's not: it's crazy tiny and filled with only the most salient words. “92 ways to spice up conversation, deepen your self-knowledge, or simply pass the time!” There are no answers here. Only questions intended to deep your self-knowledge. Shop Now
Non-Fiction And Breathe The Complete Guide to Conscious Breathing for Health and Happiness
(DaCapo LifeLong)
by Rebecca Dennis What's that? You figure you know how to breathe? Well, it's possible you're wrong. Breath coach and workshop leader Rebecca Dennis takes readers on a transformational journey that can include managing depression with the power of your own breath. Shop Now
Books for Children Everything You
Need to Know
About
NIGHTMARES!
and How to
Defeat Them (Delacorte) by Jason Segal and Kirsten Miller
Yes that Jason Segal, so you already figure it's going to be funny… and interesting. Right both counts. This is charming, funny, edgy… and a terrific gift. The book is aimed at kids eight to 12, but it's on-target enough that I imagine the audience for this book is much larger than that. Shop Now
Books for Children Chinese
New Year: A Celebration
for Everyone
(Orca)
by Jen Sookfong Lee
What comes after Christmas? New Years! What comes after that? Chinese New Year! So what time is better than now to get ready for that? Jen Sookfong Lee is one of Canada's ranking authors of literary fiction. This is a great explanation of an important Chinese festival that it is very easy for all to enjoy. Shop Now
LAWRENCE — The University of Kansas will enact a budget adjustment on the Lawrence campus to address fiscal constraints and cut costs for fiscal year 2019.
According to a media release from KU, the adjustment entails a 5.87 percent across-the-board budget reduction for all Lawrence campus departments and units, including central administration. The reduction will be implemented beginning July 1, the start of the next fiscal year.
“The map to move us forward readjusts our budget to meet our obligations and helps us put our students, staff and faculty first,” said Carl Lejuez, interim provost and executive vice chancellor. “This includes a commitment to keep tuition increases as low as possible and to enact a plan for getting back to annual merit raises, even if small at first.”
Lejuez has already met with deans and vice provosts to discuss how they can manage budget reductions to their respective units in a way that best preserves their mission and core functions.
The need to recalibrate the university's budget is the result of many long-term commitments and investments that each year have exceeded revenue, combined with institutional budgeting practices inconsistent with the current challenges of higher education funding, as well as a decade-long trend of state funding declines.
“Staying the current course is not an option,” Lejuez said. “If we make no changes in the coming year, we will have overspent our budget with no remaining balances to support this overspending, and operations will be short a minimum of $50 million within five years. Additionally, spreading the cut over several years is not an option. This tactic costs us more financially; perpetuates a climate of uncertainty about job security, raises and tuition costs; and keeps us in a constant state of want and need rather than advancing us toward a position of stability that we all deserve.”
The Office of the Provost has already begun developing a longer-term plan that includes the development of a new budget model.
“We believe these measures, combined with existing positives — including partial budget restorations from the Kansas Legislature and stable enrollments at a time when many other universities have seen decreases — will lead to quick recovery and sustainability moving forward,” Lejuez said.
The across-the-board reduction will trim $20 million from the Lawrence campus budget.
“I have spent a great deal of time with Provost Lejuez and other KU leaders evaluating our budget and projecting our needs and goals for the coming years,” said Chancellor Douglas A. Girod. “This year's budget reduction will be difficult, but combined with a new budget model, this is the right strategy to address our challenges and put us in a position to fully align our resources with our core mission. I applaud Provost Lejuez and his team for their vision and leadership, and I am confident KU will be a stronger university for having gone through this process.”
NEW YORK (AP) — Claire's, the mall chain that has pierced the ears of millions of teens, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
The company has a dozen locations across Kansas.
The accessories chain said Monday that its stores will remain open as it restructures its debt.
It's just the latest retailer to seek bankruptcy protection, close stores or go out of business entirely as more people skip the mall and shop online. Toys R Us, for example, announced last week that it would close or sell all its stores after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last year.
Claire's said it is “confident” it will emerge from bankruptcy protection in September, having reduced its debt by nearly $2 billion. It believes it can compete with the shift to online shopping, arguing that its “iconic ear piercing services are unmatched and cannot be replicated online.”
Besides the Claire's chain, the company also operates Icing stores. Both sell earrings, lip gloss, iPhone cases and other accessories. Last year, it had more than 4,000 stores around the world.
Claire's, based in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, said it has pierced more than 100 million ears since it began offering the service 40 years ago. The company was founded in the 1960s.
DAKAR, April 5 Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila pledged on Wednesday to restore order to the country's restive Kasai region, where a worsening insurgency poses the most serious threat to his 16-year rule.
Kabila's failure to step down when his two-term mandate expired in December has further destabilised the loosely governed central African giant. Millions died in regional wars from 1996-2003 and dozens of armed groups still operate.
The Kamuina Nsapu insurrection erupted Kasai-Central province last August as a dispute over a customary chieftancy but has since spread to four other provinces, killing hundreds while taking on an increasingly political tone.
In a rare address to parliament, Kabila said he had designated Kasai an "operational sector" and called on militia members to lay down their arms.
"Confronted with these unacceptable atrocities committed against innocent victims ... we can no longer defer our responsibility to re-establish state authority in this part of the country by all possible legal means," Kabila said.
The United Nations has accused both government forces and militia fighters of rights abuses and said it has credible reports that the army has carried out summary executions against suspected militants.
The government denies that its forces employ excessive force but has charged seven soldiers with crimes including for murder and mutilation in connection with a video that appears to show troops massacring suspected militia members.
The U.N. mission in Congo warned in a statement on Wednesday that an intensified military response "will only exacerbate the violence and further place the civilian population in danger".
The mission also said this week that it has confirmed the presence of 23 mass grave sites in the region.
Under a deal struck with the opposition in December, Kabila can stay in office until after an election required to be held by the end of this year.
However, negotiations to implement the accord collapsed last week amid a disagreement over the procedure for nominating a new prime minister from the main opposition bloc.
Kabila said in his speech that if the impasse persisted, he would go ahead and name a prime minister in the next 48 hours, a move fiercely opposed by opposition leadership. (Reporting by Aaron Ross; Editing by Joe Bavier and Alison Williams)
As Wall Street stays closed for Independence Day, the rest of the global markets are preparing for a trade war.
The US will release its $34 billion in tariffs against Chinese products on Friday, which will reportedly spark retaliation from the eastern country. Donald Trump is also looking at slapping EU autos with a 20 per cent tariff.
According to reports, dozens of countries have brought their concern to the World Trade Organization. But, even the WTO may not be safe as Trump has voiced his displeasure with how the US is treated by the trade authority.
The price of US crude is backing down from a 75 dollar milestone yesterday, steady at 73-75 a barrel this morning.
The Loonie is just above 76 cents US.
Marijuana isn't the only green gold making its mark across the globe. Analysts say Avocado sales are hitting a record high especially in Europe and China. The interest in the fruit has spiked the price of the product and caused crime waves in Chile as gangs in the country attempt to cash in on the hot streak.
Dorothy's house has a door problem.
Scroll for more content...
For several years, she's had troubles with the doorknob to the front door falling off, right into her hand, often leaving her locked out with no way to get inside.
Tired of using a screwdriver and foil to muddle her way through re-opening her front door, the senior called up a Southfield based company called ASAP Locksmith.
The contractor came, she says, installed a new key lock, but when it came to the doorknob, he reinstalled the same pieces, declaring it "fixed."
According to homeadvisor.com, an average locksmith in the area is $153 dollars. This one, she showed us, charged her $430.
In desperate need of a repair and unaware of the going rate, she handed over a check. But just two months later, she went to shut the door, and the handle came off in her hand.
When calling for a refund, she says she was denied and instead told they would fix the door for another high fee.
7 Action News got on the case, the company's owner agreeing to issue her a refund and ultimately lived up to his word, returning a check of $400 to the Farmington homeowner.
(Reuters) - Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
The deal was completed despite the Gulf country being criticized recently by U.S. President Donald Trump for supporting terrorism.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and representatives from Qatar were set to meet Wednesday to seal the agreement, a source familiar with the deal told Reuters. Bloomberg News reported the deal was for 36 jets.
The sale will increase security cooperation and interoperability between the U.S. and Qatar, the Pentagon said in an emailed statement on Wednesday. Defense Secretary Mattis and Qatari Minister of State for Defense Affairs Khalid al-Attiyah also discussed the current state of operations against the ISIS and the importance of de-escalating tensions so all partners in the gulf region can focus on next steps in meeting common goals, the Pentagon added. In November, the United States approved possible sale of up to 72 F-15QA aircraft to Qatar for $21.1 billion. Boeing Co is the prime contractor on the fighter jet sale to the Middle East nation. Boeing declined to comment. Trump on Friday accused Qatar of being a "high-level" sponsor of terrorism, potentially hindering the U.S. Department of State's efforts to ease heightening tensions and a blockade of the Gulf nation by Arab states and others. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Chris Sanders and Lisa Shumaker)
Bumblebee colonies are at risk of extinction after pesticide exposure says study
Pesticide puts bumblebee colonies at risk
A widely used pesticide is placing bumblebee populations at an increased risk of extinction, a new study from an Ontario researcher suggests.
Nigel Raine, an environmental science professor at the University of Guelph, discovered that thiamethoxam, a major neonicotinoid found in agricultural crops throughout the world, reduced the chances of bumblebee queens starting new colonies by more than a quarter.
The results were published Monday in the journal Nature Ecology & Evolution.
“Bumblebee queens that were exposed to the pesticide were 26 per cent less likely to lay eggs to start a colony,” Raine said of the research conducted in his lab with researchers from Royal Holloway, University of London.
“It was a bigger impact than I was expecting. And our modelling suggests it could have a major impact on population persistence and increases the chances a population could go extinct.”
Bees are crucial to agriculture. Published reports suggest about a third of the crops eaten by humans depend on insect pollination, with bees responsible for about 80 per cent of that figure.
But bee populations are declining worldwide as scientists try to figure out why. Research has suggested the use of neonicotinoids is among the factors contributing to the declines.
Ontario has taken the lead in North America by placing restrictions on the use of neonicotinoids, while Europe has imposed a moratorium on their use.
Recent research by York University showed neonicotinoids had spilled over from crops such as soy and corn in Ontario and Quebec into plants and wildflowers such as maple trees, dandelions and clover.
Raine wanted to examine the effects thiamethoxam and a common parasite had on the bumblebee queen's ability to set up a colony, a crucial part of a bee's life cycle.
Bumblebee queens, he explained, are quite different from honeybee queens in that they largely do all of the work themselves to start a colony, from foraging to nest building to raising their young before worker bees take over.
While there has been much study of the honeybee, not as much research has been conducted on the bumblebee, Raine said.
In his lab, Raine infected half the bumblebee queens he was studying with a parasite and then placed all the bees in a cold, dark room to force an artificial hibernation. Those that survived hibernation were then split into two more groups, one of which was exposed for two weeks to pesticide-laden pollen at “field realistic” levels found in the wild, he said.
Those queen bees were placed in different nest boxes and monitored for survival and signs of egg laying.
“There was very little effect of the parasite in our experiment,” Raine said.
But he did find a substantial impact on egg laying.
“We are trying to link all this up to the broader ecology and life history of these organisms,” Raine said.
He took that new data and plugged it into mathematical models to see what would happen over time.
“We're seeing a substantial increase of the likelihood of them not surviving over a longer period of time and that's obviously a serious concern with the current patterns of usage of these chemicals.”
If anything, Raine said, his study is conservative, considering he only examined the effects of one pesticide and one parasite, whereas there are many other factors in the wild that play a role in the bumblebee's health, including disease and habitat destruction.
Liam Casey , The Canadian Press
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, who was wrongly and inaccurately blamed when Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-AZ) was shot several years ago, is standing up for Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont saying he is personally not responsible for the actions of his apparent supporter.
Palin, in an exclusive statement to Breitbart News, called for the media industry to be more careful than they were back when Giffords was shot—specifically asking for “media integrity” when it comes to learning the motives of the shooter of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise at the GOP congressional baseball practice on Wednesday morning.
“Prayers for healing are raised for all victims of today's horrific violence, while we with lift up thankfulness that lives were not lost,” Palin told Breitbart News. “While justice is now sought upon the capture of the deranged attacker, an additional prayer must be for no acceptance of a rush to destroy anyone else in this horrible incident. Those seeking political advantage reacted so recklessly and irresponsibly the last time a member of Congress was brutally attacked, as media inexplicably played a knee-jerk blame game assuming that attacker's motives. Today's shooter appears to be a Bernie Sanders supporter and campaign volunteer. But Bernie Sanders is not to blame. Maybe the media have matured enough to allow coverage of this most recent violence to focus on facts, because media integrity will be crucial as America witnesses today's events unfolding and, on behalf of our Congressional Representatives, we all seek justice.”
Palin's call for unity, and media responsibility—and her statement standing up for Sanders despite the shooter being a Sanders supporter—comes after she has been the target of vitriolic media rhetoric for years. Perhaps the worst example of the media targeting Palin was in the wake of the shooting of Giffords, where Palin was blamed inaccurately.
Republicans and Democrats in Washington are calling for unity in the wake of this latest shooting, and for an end to the leftist and media driven vitriol in the national debate. While there are some initial signs of unity—from President Donald Trump's reaction to House Speaker Paul Ryan's and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi's to even Sanders' statement and now this statement from Palin—it remains to be seen how long this will last. American leaders on both sides of the aisle—Republican and Democrat—tell Breitbart News they hope that moving forward Americans of all political stripes can work together.
SMU hired former California and Louisiana Tech coach Sonny Dykes on Monday as its new coach, replacing one Texan with a reputation for directing potent offences for another.
Dykes will replace Chad Morris, who left SMU last week to become Arkansas' coach. SMU will hold a news conference Tuesday with university President Gerald Turner and athletic director Rick Hart to introduce Dykes.
Dykes, whose father Spike Dykes was a longtime coach at Texas Tech, went 22-15 in three seasons at Louisiana Tech from 2010-12. He spent four years at Cal, where he had just one winning season. He was fired after the 2016 season and spent 2017 working as an offensive analyst at TCU.
SMU has been on the rise under Morris, who took over the program when it was coming off 1-11 season. The Mustangs went 7-5 this year to reach the post-season for the first time since 2012. Morris, another Texas native and former offensive co-ordinator at Clemson, re-established the Dallas-based school's in-state recruiting ties and brought an exciting style of offence to SMU.
Dyke fits a similar profile. The 48-year-old was born in Big Springs, Texas, and is a disciple of former Kentucky coach Hal Mumme and Washington State coach Mike Leach. Dykes' version of the "Air Raid" offence has consistently produced some of the most productive attacks in the nation. At Cal, he coached Jared Goff for three seasons before the quarterback became the first overall pick in the NFL draft.
"This is home and this is a program I grew up watching. I watched Mustang legends compete and I could always see myself putting on that iconic pony. Today, I'm proud to do just that," Dykes said in a statement. "Coach Morris did great things here and I am fortunate that I have been selected to take the foundation Chad and his staff put in place and take it to a new level. And, make no mistake — that is what we plan to do."
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Ralph D. Russo, The Associated Press
Nurse charged with taking patient's prescription drugs
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — A nurse in Mississippi has been indicted on one count of fraudulently obtaining prescription drugs prescribed to a patient.
The state attorney general's office says in a news release Tuesday that 58-year-old Donna Renee Runkle of Clinton turned herself in to police Thursday.
Bond was set at $2,500. It was not immediately clear whether she is represented by an attorney.
The news release says Runkle was a registered nurse at Woodlands Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center in Clinton at the time she allegedly obtained a patient's hydrocodone and acetaminophen pills for her own use.
(Repeats with no change to text)
April 13 JPMorgan Chase & Co, the biggest U.S. bank by assets, reported a higher-than-expected 16.8 percent rise in quarterly profit on Thursday as the bank made more loans and racked up additional revenue from increased trading.
The bank's net income rose to $6.45 billion in the first quarter ended March 31 from $5.52 billion a year earlier.
Earnings per share rose to $1.65, beating the average analyst estimate of $1.52 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. (bit.ly/2nHTfHJ)
JPMorgan's shares were up 1.3 percent at $86.35 in premarket trading.
Trading increased across Wall Street over the past year as investors changed their positions around the Brexit vote, the U.S. elections and the Federal Reserve's hikes in interest rates.
Customers also borrowed more as the economy expanded, though the pace of loan growth has slackened somewhat recently.
"We are off to a good start for the year with all of our businesses performing well and building on their momentum from last year," Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said in a statement.
"U.S. consumers and businesses are healthy overall and with pro-growth initiatives and improving collaboration between government and business, the U.S. economy can continue to improve," Dimon said.
Net revenue rose 6.24 percent to $25.59 billion, compared with the estimate of $24.88 billion.
Markets revenue increased 13.9 percent, led by a 17 percent rise in fixed-income revenue.
Net interest income rose 6 percent to $12.4 billion, primarily driven by loan growth and the net impact of higher rates.
The U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates by 0.25 percentage points in December and again in mid-March, its second and third hikes after keeping them near zero for seven years.
Higher interest rates are usually good for banks, allowing them to charge higher rates on loans.
Investment banking revenue was up 34 percent at $1.65 billion, helped by higher debt and equity underwriting fees reflecting strong underlying issuance activity and share gains.
Fees for global investment banking services, which include M&A advisory and capital markets underwriting, increased 26 percent over last year and was the strongest opening period for fees since 2007.
JPMorgan's non-interest expenses rose 8.5 percent to $15.02 billion.
Wells Fargo & Co and Citigroup Inc are also scheduled to report results on Thursday.
Up to Wednesday's close, JPMorgan's had gained 22 percent since the presidential election on hopes of simpler regulation and tax cuts under the Donald Trump administration.
The rally in bank stocks, however, has lost momentum lately as investors scale back some of those expectations. (Reporting by Sweta Singh in Bengaluru and David Henry in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
(Adds background on constitutional rules)
PARIS May 3 Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen would try to change France's electoral law by referendum if she wins the presidency on Sunday and her National Front (FN) party fails to win a parliamentary majority in June, a senior FN official said.
Le Pen, who is standing against centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron in Sunday's presidential run-off, would then call new elections under the new rules.
France holds parliamentary elections on June 11 and 18.
"If the new Assembly is hostile to us, we would change the electoral law via a referendum organised as soon as next summer, then the president would dissolve the National Assembly," Gilles Lebreton, the FN official told Le Canard Enchaine newspaper.
Le Pen's official manifesto states that she would implement proportional representation with a 30-percent bonus for the party which came first in the election.
France's existing two-round voting system has so far ensured that despite winning about a quarter of the votes in recent elections, the FN has only two members of parliament.
In the 2014 European parliamentary election, the FN came first in France with 24.84 percent of the vote.
Unlike presidential election rules, parliamentary election rules do not require a constitutional change. The president can invoke article 11 of the constitution to call a referendum and amend laws on "the organisation of political powers" after a request by the government.
Opinion polls show Macron defeating Le Pen on Sunday 60-40. (Reporting by Michel Rose; Editing by Louise Ireland)
A Pennsylvania judge last Tuesday ruled that five other women who have accused comedian Bill Cosby of sexual assault over the years could testify at his retrial on charges of drugging and assaulting a former friend, giving prosecutors an early win.
Montgomery County Judge Steven O'Neill's decision will likely have a major influence on the second trial of Cosby, 80, who is accused of attacking Andrea Constand, now 44, at his home near Philadelphia between Dec. 30, 2003, and Jan. 20, 2004. Jury selection for the next trial begins on March 29.
The prosecution was limited to calling one other accuser in the first trial in the Philadelphia suburb of Norristown, Pennsylvania. It ended in June with a mistrial after the jury failed to reach a unanimous verdict following six days of deliberations.
Constand, a former administrator of the women's basketball team at Temple University in Philadelphia, Cosby's alma mater, is one of more than 50 women who have accused him of sexual assaults, some dating back decades.
All the claims but Constand's are too old to be the subject of criminal prosecution.
Prior to the allegations, Cosby was best known to Americans for his as the beloved TV dad in the 1980s hit The Cosby Show. He has repeatedly denied assaulting anyone, saying all the encounters were consensual. — Reuters
https://www.thehour.com/news/crime/article/Two-defendants-have-pleaded-no-contest-to-36-13047777.php
Two defendants have pleaded no contest to 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter in a California warehouse fire
Saturdays in the fall are precious, but this one has special value because it's a bye week for the Vols.
April 28 The S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average were little changed at the open on Friday after data showed the economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter, while strong tech earnings propelled the Nasdaq to a record high.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 5.66 points, or 0.03 percent, to 20,975.67. The S&P 500 gained 1.91 points, or 0.07 percent, to 2,390.68. The Nasdaq Composite added 23.12 points, or 0.38 percent, to 6,072.06. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
New Delhi: Dual rear cameras and images with "Bokeh" effect gained popularity after Apple released the iPhone 7 Plus last year.
Now, Lenovo is betting big on the sub-Rs 15,000 segments with the K8 Note that boasts of dual rear cameras and packs decent specs in a sturdy body.
At the launch event in New Delhi, Lenovo said it skipped a generation (K7 Note), took a leap and made K8 Note with the stock Android operating system (OS) and dual camera set-up.
So, does K8 Note have enough power to beat Xiaomi's Redmi Note 4 -- perhaps the most popular smartphone in its segment? Read on to find out.
What works for the device. Lenovo is banking on the dual camera set-up at the rear which also makes it the company's first phone with this feature. A 13MP "Purecell" sensor along with 5MP Samsung "BSI" sensor and dual "CCT LED" flash combine to create good "depth-of-field" shots. A 13MP front camera with flash is capable of satisfying the hunger of selfie lovers. The camera app is neat and looks similar to the camera interface of Motorola phones. It lets the user change exposure quickly via the focus ring. Lenovo K8 Note has a premium and sturdy design, thanks to the 6,000 series Aluminium body. The device is available in Venom Black and Fine Gold colours and the former looks classier than the gold variant. The 5.5-inch full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) display is protected by a layer of 2.5D Corning Gorilla glass that renders a smooth finish. Lenovo has also added a layer of anti-fingerprint "oleophobic" coating that is a great value-addition and won't leave smudges on the screen. The viewing angles are great with decent sunlight legibility. This is the best-ever display on a Lenovo smartphone in this price segment. Also, the splash-proof P2i nano-coating makes the device capable of handling a few splashes. This is also where Redmi Note 4 falls short. In terms of performance, stock Android is a welcome change. The look and feel of the user interface delighted us. K8 Note did not show any lag when we browsed videos on YouTube, used WhatsApp and surfed the internet simultaneously, thanks to the deca-core MediaTek Helio X23 (MT6797) chipset. We especially liked the rather low placement of physical power and volume buttons (on the right side) which made it easy to reach them. A dedicated "Music key" lies on the left which can be customised by users to suit their needs. The fingerprint sensor right below the camera at the rear unlocks the phone in a snap. A dedicated microSD card slot placed on the left can expand memory up to 128GB and is a good value-addition to the smartphone. The hefty 4,000mAh non-removable battery lasted over a day on a single charge with moderate-to-heavy usage during our review. A 15W "Turbo Charger" supplied in the box could provide 100 per cent juice in less than two hours. What does not work. The big camera bump at the rear is a downgrade from its predecessor K6 Note and gets a thumbs-down from our side. It is disappointing that the three capacitive buttons below the display are not backlit. The phone warmed up when we used it for navigation and played games. The battery backup of the K8 Note is decent. But Redmi Note 4 scores better in this department with a bigger 4,100mAh battery and better optimisation. Conclusion. K8 Note is a serious attempt by Lenovo to woo consumers in the sub-Rs 15,000 segments. The prowess of its dual rear cameras and stock Android definitely make K8 Note stand out in the crowd and give a stiff competition to the best-selling phone in the segment -- the Redmi Note 4.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Delaware County Board of Elections will receive almost $2 million in state funding to replace the county's current voting machines, which were purchased in 2005 with federal funds through the Help America Vote Act. Karla Herron, BOE director, estimates the total cost to replace the BOE's complete system will be $4 million.
In May 2017, the BOE met with the board of county commissioners in a special session to discuss the purchase of new machines. Both boards agreed at that time it would be better to wait to see if the state would partner with the counties in sharing the cost of the new machines.
“We're ready to hit the ground running,” Herron said. “The first thing for the board is to finalize things and then we'll go to the county commissioners for their approval.”
Herron said there has been a lot of work put in over the last five years looking at upgrading machines. She said concerns have grown over the current machines that were “deployed during the 2006 midterm primary elections.”
Herron added the board has narrowed the selection to two companies for the purchase of machines. She said the board is looking at the company the BOE's current machines were purchased from in 2005. If the board chooses it, it has a buyback program and would probably take the old machines. If the board chooses the other company, it doesn't seem to have a buyback program, and the old machines might have to be stored until they can be sold off.
Herron said there is a lot of work ahead of the BOE before the machines can be put into service. She said staff and the public will need to be trained on the machines, and all the poll worker manuals will need to be updated.
Senate Bill 135, which passed last week in Columbus and was sponsored by State Sen. Frank LaRose (R-Hudson), gives the secretary of state the authority to request up to a total of $114.5 million in state funds for the reimbursement to individual boards for the purchase of voting machines. The bill is now waiting on the governor's signature to make the law effective.
“The bill is broken down into two components,” said Aaron Ockerman, director of the Ohio Association of Election Officials.
Ockerman said the secretary of state will have the ability to request up to $104.5 million in funds from the state's Office of Budget and Management to reimburse counties for the purchase of election equipment. The bill's formula is set up so that counties with 0-19,999 registered voters will be given a base amount of $205,000; counties with 20,000-99,999 registered voters will be given $250,000; counties with 100,000 or more registered voters will be given $406,000.
“The allocation is the bare minimum to get the counties started,” Ockerman said.
According to Ockerman, once the base allocations are distributed among the counties, the remainder of the funds is to be divided up according to each of the county's percentage of registered voters overall in the state. Delaware County has approximately 138,000 registered voters, which will yield a base amount of $406,000. The county's portion from the remainder of the allocated funds will bring the total close to $2 million from the state.
Ockerman said the second component of the bill allows for an appropriation of up to $10 million from the state's general revenue fund for reimbursement to counties who had purchased or leased equipment after Jan. 1, 2014, and doesn't exceed the county's set allocation.
Senate Bill 135 received concurrence Wednesday, June 27, from the Ohio Senate after passing in the House on Thursday, June 7, by a vote of 87-0. The bill was co-sponsored by both Delaware County representatives Rick Carfagna, R-Genoa Township (68th District), and Andrew Brenner, R-Powell (67th District).
The bill, introduced in the Senate, was passed by senators 32-1 on April 11.
https://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/07/web1_BOE.jpeg
By D. Anthony Botkin abotkin@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact D. Anthony Botkin at 740-413-0902. Follow him on Twitter @dabotkin.
Contact D. Anthony Botkin at 740-413-0902. Follow him on Twitter @dabotkin.
Juneau's homeless population struggles in winter. Although the city has new housing options this season with a warming shelter and the Housing First complex, some locals are going out of their way to make sure the homeless can get a hot meal easily, too.
“All right, who's hungry?” Anna Timpane asks as she takes the lid off her pot. She and several volunteers were dishing out potato soup at Juneau's Downtown Transit Center on Sunday afternoon.
Timpane had the idea for the makeshift soup kitchen last month, after a friend told her about the limited food options for the homeless on Sundays.
“So I decided, you know, why don't I step up and do it myself and see who wants to join me and come with me and see what we can do?” Timpane said.
At the time, it was very cold and almost Thanksgiving. She made some hot soup and headed downtown. The transit center is a popular place for the homeless to keep warm when it's open. She said more than 30 people showed up to eat.
This time, the warmer weather meant only about eight men were there when she and the other volunteers arrived. While they set up, Timpane's husband Robert drove around to let others nearby know about the free hot lunch. One by one, they trickled in. Some quietly ate and left, while others settled down for a nap afterward.
William Denny got a cup of soup, but asked for seconds on the milk.
“Oh, it was great. Little bit of milk, little bit of soup. Two rolls,” Denny said.
In addition to lunch, Denny also received one of the dental kits Timpane put together with a toothbrush and toothpaste. Another volunteer handed out hand and toe warmers, hats and mittens.
Robin Brenner decided to volunteer when she saw Timpane post the idea in the Juneau Community Collective Facebook group. She brought cups and spoons and helped serve soup and dinner rolls.
“It's hard because it's the holidays and so many people are lonely already, and then put Christmas and the holidays on top of it,” Brenner said. “It's hard for people. It probably makes their whole situation worse.”
Timpane said she will continue to organize Sunday soup kitchens through Facebook. She plans to be at the transit center each week around 1:30 p.m., as long as there's a need. She said she's not worried about expenses since people have been generous with their time and extra supplies.
“So the food we can definitely work out ourselves,” she said. “But things like blankets, those are always very welcome. Right now, we're just a bunch of people that showed up with a pot of soup.”
(Updates to close)
March 31 Australian shares finished lower on Friday, weighed down by losses in financials as investors repositioned themselves after a strong rally on Thursday.
The S&P/ASX 200 index fell 31.3 points or 0.53 percent to 5,864.9 at the close of trade.
The market managed to keep its head above water this week, climbing 1.94 percent versus last week's 0.8 percent decline. It rose for a fourth straight quarter, its longest winning streak since June 2014.
Financial stocks fell 0.58 percent after their longest daily bull run since Oct. 10, 2016.
Three of the "Big Four" banks fell less than 1 percent, while ANZ Banking slipped 1.39 percent after 11.6 million shares changed hands, twice the 30-day average.
BHP Billiton failed to impress, falling 0.91 percent this week, and 0.12 percent on the day, hurt by a 2 percent drop in Chinese iron ore futures.
Oil prices, which fell on profit-taking on Friday, further undermined BHP, which has significant exposure to the sector.
Energy stocks Woodside Petroleum, Oil Search , Beach Energy and Santos fell 0.8 percent to 1.3 percent. The energy index fell 0.9 percent after six straight gaining sessions. It rose 2.12 percent this quarter.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index climbed 0.38 percent or 27.67 points to 7,196.78.
The index rose 4.6 percent this quarter, compared with a 6.52 percent loss in the previous quarter.
Telecom and consumer discretionary stocks led overall gains. Spark New Zealand, up 1.45 percent, was the top performer on the index, followed by Contact Energy which rose 1.4 percent. (Reporting by Aparajita Saxena in Bengaluru; Editing by Eric Meijer)
[India], Mar. 20 (ANI): A student of class IX allegedly threatened to rape and throw acid on his classmate in Uttar Pradesh's Meerut.
According to the girl, the accused was troubling her since many days and no action was taken by the school administration against him.
"A boy has been troubling me since many days. He slapped me too. After that he called my father and threatened him that he will throw acid on me," the victim said.
Meanwhile, the Superintendent of Police (SP) of Meerut, Rajesh Kumar, said, "A report has been filed in the matter. Search for the accused is underway."
A case has been registered in this regard and police have initiated the probe. (ANI)
The footage shows the as-yet-unnamed cub being weighed and measured by keepers at the zoo, and napping, crawling and playing with her mother, Shin Shin
Published 3:22 PM, August 14, 2017
TOKYO, Japan – A two-month-old panda, the first cub born at Tokyo's Ueno zoo for 5 years, is growing well and has become "fluffy", the zoo said Monday, August 14, as it released fresh video footage of the baby animal.
The footage showed the as-yet-unnamed cub being weighed and measured by keepers at the zoo, and napping, crawling and playing with her mother, Shin Shin.
"The baby panda is now fluffy with increasing body hair," zoo director Yutaka Fukuda said at a press conference.
"She will grow even cuter than more panda-like characteristics begin to emerge," Fukuda said.
The rare birth of the panda in June triggered a frenzy of media and public excitement in Japan, with businesses keen to cash in.
The zoo has invited the public to suggest names for the cub, and said it had received some 250,000 submissions. The panda's name will be announced in September.
The cub, which turned 60 days old on Friday, weighed 3,010.4 grammes (6.6 pounds) -- nearly three times heavier than a month before, according to the zoo.
She also measured 43.9 centimeters (17.3 inches) in length, up from 29.5 centimeters at 30 days, the zoo added.
In the video footage, the panda is shown crawling around, using her front paws to drag her body across the floor. It will take another month before she is able to support her body weight on all four paws, zoo officials said.
Although the panda's eyes are now open, she can so far only sense light and can't yet see objects, they said.
The panda's mother, Shin Shin, who mated with male Ri Ri in February, had given birth to another cub in 2012. It was the first panda birth at the zoo in 24 years -- but the baby died from pneumonia just six days later. – Rappler.com
* Investors shifting away from riskier assets * Spot gold may test resistance at $1,261.03 -technicals * Silver off 1-mth high touched in previous session (Adds comment, updates prices) By Sethuraman N R April 5 Gold prices held steady on Wednesday near one-month highs hit the session before, with appetite for riskier assets easing ahead of a meeting between leaders of the United States and China. Focus is also turning towards the release later in the day of the minutes from the Federal Reserve's March meeting, with investors looking for any clues on the pace of further U.S. interest rate rises. Spot gold had edged up 0.1 percent to $1,256.38 per ounce by 0744 GMT. U.S. gold futures gained 0.1 percent to $1,259.10. Spot gold on Tuesday hit its highest since Feb. 27 at $1,261.15, but failed to close above its 200-day moving average for the third time this year. "This marks its third failure to break this level this year ... What is becoming clear is that gold's direction is being set by the general U.S. dollar direction and not by gold in isolation," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA. The dollar index fell 0.1 percent to 100.470. "Whether the Federal Reserve would raise rates in its June conference is not very certain. The market is waiting for more economic indicators from the U.S and speeches from Fed officials to assess the probability of a rate hike in June," said Jiang Shu, chief analyst at Shandong Gold Group. The Fed raised interest rates in March and has indicated at least two more hikes this year. Gold prices, however, have only risen nearly $60 since the rate hike in March as worries over U.S. President Donald Trump's polices and elections in Europe have increased the metal's safe-haven appeal. North Korea fired a ballistic missile on Wednesday from its east coast into the sea off the Peninsula, South Korea's military said, ahead of the summit between the United States and China. U.S. President Donald Trump meets Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday and Friday. Asian stocks rose on Wednesday though the underlying sentiment was still cautious, with investors wary of taking big positions ahead of the meeting. "The markets are waiting for the conference between the most important leaders in the world ... If it does not turn out in a positive way, we might see a weak U.S. dollar and rising gold price," Shu said. Spot gold may retest resistance at $1,261.03 per ounce, as suggested by its wave pattern and a Fibonacci retracement analysis, Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao said. Spot silver climbed 0.1 percent to $18.30 an ounce after touching a one-month peak of $18.41 in the previous session. Platinum advanced 0.8 percent to $966.60, while palladium edged up 0.1 percent to $805.35. (Reporting By Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Vyas Mohan and Joseph Radford)
Selena Drake
Deputy Editor
Postgraduate degrees could ultimately be seen to be elitist as, while they might not in theory seek to actively discriminate, you simply need the money to be able to consider the option.
I never thought that I would want to do this; until this year I'd decided that I would go straight into the working world, taking it in my stride. Surely, assuming that I manage to get a 2:1 in the bag, finding a satisfying job would be no problem! However, the reality of being in your last year of university is that, for most people, the truth starts to finally dawn on them – that actually just having the degree on its own isn't always enough. I have come to realise that to become a journalist, which is the occupation that I personally hope to get into, I just don't have enough to offer yet in terms of skills or relevant qualifications. This is not to say that other students won't be able to integrate into the occupational realm upon their graduation, but for many like myself they will also start to realise that they are going to have to do something else after their undergraduate degree to realistically give them a chance in the brutally competitive working sphere.
For those who feel the need to consider the option of doing a postgraduate degree, one of the first questions that comes to mind is how am I going to pay for this? I hastily scanned Student Finance England and found that my tuition would be funded as it currently is in my undergraduate degree, until I need to pay it back. However, unless you get a scholarship, there is no maintenance funding. This made me wonder, how can every student be expected to finance their own way through the degree? After three or four years of squandering your money through hedonistic endeavours, books, accommodation, how can all students, in varying financial situations, go through another year or more of this without any funding? Even if they were able to adopt a puritanical lifestyle, as I ideally hope to do if I did have the good fortune of receiving an offer, paying for one's own upkeep without generating any income isn't the most reassuring prospect. The idea of paying your way with a part-time job might relieve the financial stress, but if what I've heard about the work demands of a postgraduate degree is anything to go by, working a job alongside it hardly sounds appealing.
In a way, postgraduate degrees share an inherent connection with private schools. Those whose parents can afford it are able to benefit from the perks of these learning institutions but otherwise, unless you are able to acquire a scholarship, it is simply not a realistic consideration. Postgraduate degrees could ultimately be seen as elitist as, while they might not in theory seek to actively discriminate, you simply need the money to be able to consider the option. Students who can afford to complete a postgraduate degree are, in many cases, given a higher chance of obtaining their desired career, as their application will presumably appeal more to employers if a relevant, specialised postgraduate degree is attached to it.
Unless the government provides maintenance loans for postgraduate students who cannot rely on their parents to fund them through it, it can only be assumed that many students will receive the short end of the straw and have a lesser chance of attaining a much-needed extra qualification that could serve as the defining factor in future applications for their most desired job.
Broken Places, by Tracy Clark. Chicago PI Cass Raines is asked by Father Ray Heaton to investigate recent vandalism at his church. When the police dismiss his murder as a late-night random theft, her instincts tell her to keep digging for the real answers.
The Great Believers, by Rebecca Makkai. An art gallery director in Chicago watches as the 1980s AIDS epidemic grows around him. Soon the only person he has left is Fiona, the sister of his friend Nico. Thirty years later, Fiona is in Paris, viewing the works of a photographer who documented the Chicago crisis. The two intertwining stories take the reader through the heartbreak of the eighties and the chaos of the modern world, as both Yale and Fiona struggle to find goodness in the middle of disaster.
The Lost Vintage, by Ann Mah. Kale, a woman who has failed her master of wine examination, returns to her family's ancestral vineyard in Burgundy to study for her re-test. There she uncovers a lost diary, a forgotten relative and a secret kept since the dark days of the Second World War.
Salt Lane, by William Shaw. After a homeless woman is found drowned in a marsh in the Kent countryside, police sergeant Alexandra Cupidi must discover who she was and why she was killed, while juggling responsibilities for an aging mother and a rebellious teenage daughter.
John Franklin Stephens, a man with Down syndrome, told the United Nations that a world without people like him would be “a poorer world, a colder world, a less happy world.”
In a moving speech before the 37th session of the Human Rights Council last week, Mr. Stephens told his audience that the most important thing that can be done to improve the lives of people with Down syndrome is to remember their status as human beings, equal in dignity to everyone else.
“I am a man,” Stephens said. “See me as a human being, not a birth defect, not a syndrome. I don't need to be eradicated. I don't need to be cured. I need to be loved, valued, educated and, sometimes, helped.”
Mr. Stephens was invited to speak at the U.N. days before the celebration of World Down Syndrome Day 2018, to be held on March 21.
Ironically, his address came the day after an Ohio judge sided with the abortion industry and blocked a law that banned selective abortions targeting babies diagnosed with Down syndrome.
“Federal law is crystal clear,” wrote Obama-appointee Judge Timothy S. Black of the U.S. District Court for Southern Ohio in a 22-page ruling granting a preliminary injunction against the state.
Black wrote that the Ohio law “wrongfully” prohibits women from making the ultimate decision to terminate a pregnancy before viability. “It violates the right to privacy of every woman in Ohio and is unconstitutional on its face,” he added.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich signed the “Down Syndrome Non-Discrimination Act” into law last December, banning selective abortions performed on babies diagnosed with Trisomy 21, or Down syndrome.
In his speech before the U.N., Mr. Stephens brought up the uncomfortable comparison between aborting people with Down syndrome and other eugenic programs of the past.
“How would the world react if a nation proclaimed that it would use genomic testing to make itself ‘Unpopular ethnic minority free' by 2030?” he asked. “The U.N. has a name for this, but we need not go there.”
“Instead,” he said, “let us pledge together to welcome diversity.”
“Let us decide from this day forward to include, not exclude; educate, not isolate; and, celebrate, not terminate.”
Despite the sober content of his talk, Mr. Stephens made room for humor as well.
“People like me tend to be a little shorter because our arms and legs and shorter. Our faces are a little bit flatter because our cheekbones and noses don't stick out from our faces as much,” he said. “All that adds up to a person who is a little bit uncommon, in my case, uncommonly handsome.”
“Don't worry, I am very accepting, very inclusive,” he continued. “I won't think less of you just because I have more chromosomes than you do.”
Stephens insisted that “a life with Down syndrome can be as full and exciting as any other,” using his own life as an example.
He also thanked the Lejeune Foundation and Special Olympics for “freeing us from the prison of neglect,” saying that his generation owes such organizations “an awesome debt.”
“I truly believe a world without people like me would be a poorer world, a colder world, a less happy world,” he said.
To skeptics, Stephens pointed out the particular benefits provided by persons with Down syndrome to society at large.
First, the extra chromosome present in persons with Down syndrome “makes us a blueprint for medical research in areas that include soft tissue cancer, heart disease, immune system disorders, and Alzheimer's disease,” he said.
In the second place, Stephens referenced a Harvard-based study that discovered that “people with Down syndrome, their parents, their siblings, and the people close to them are all happier than society at large” and therefore generate happiness for the world.
They are also a reminder, he noted, of the dangers of eugenics and where it can lead. “Genomic research is not going to stop at screening for Down syndrome,” he warned. “We have an opportunity right now to slow down and think about the ethics of deciding that certain humans do not get a chance at life.”
Watch the full speech here.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
SULLIVAN COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - A former school treasurer accused of stealing money has pleaded guilty.
Scroll for more content...
Back in November, the Indiana State Police arrested Amy Kinnett.
Kinnett is the former treasurer with the Southwest Sullivan School Corporation.
She returns to court late this month.
News 10 has not been able to learn the terms of her plea agreement.
According to police, Kinnett used a school corporation credit card to make about $6,000 worth of purchases.
Police say she also stole $1,000 in cash and wrote checks from the corporation's checking account.
Black Lives Matter activist Shaun King, a leading voice on the left, declared on Twitter Wednesday: “The 4th of July was [sic] always been a sham. Always.”
Frederick Douglass was a prophet. Every single word of this is as true today as it was over 150 years ago. Read it all. The 4th of July was always been a sham. Always. pic.twitter.com/eaU4tIj8RR — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) July 4, 2018
King, who received BET's “humanitarian hero” award last weekend, was commenting on a quote from abolitionist — and, later, Republican — Frederick Douglass.
In 1852, Douglass delivered a speech about the Fourth of July. King referenced a single passage in which Douglass said:
What, to the American slave, is your 4th of July? I answer: a day that reveals to him, more than all other days in the year, the gross injustice and cruelty to which he is the constant victim. To him, your celebration is a sham; your boasted liberty, an unholy license; your national greatness, swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless; your denunciations of tyrants, brass fronted impudence; your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow mockery; your prayers and hymns, your sermons and thanksgivings, with all your religious parade, and solemnity, are, to him, mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and hypocrisy — a thin veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation of savages. There is not a nation on the earth guilty of practices, more shocking and bloody, than are the people of these United States, at this very hour.
But King left out the rest of the speech, which is available, in full, online.
Douglass began by praising the founding of the United States:
The 4th of July is the first great fact in your nation's history — the very ring-bolt in the chain of your yet undeveloped destiny. Pride and patriotism, not less than gratitude, prompt you to celebrate and to hold it in perpetual remembrance. I have said that the Declaration of Independence is the ring-bolt to the chain of your nation's destiny; so, indeed, I regard it. The principles contained in that instrument are saving principles. Stand by those principles, be true to them on all occasions, in all places, against all foes, and at whatever cost. … Fellow Citizens, I am not wanting in respect for the fathers of this republic. The signers of the Declaration of Independence were brave men. They were great men too — great enough to give fame to a great age. It does not often happen to a nation to raise, at one time, such a number of truly great men. The point from which I am compelled to view them is not, certainly, the most favorable; and yet I cannot contemplate their great deeds with less than admiration. They were statesmen, patriots and heroes, and for the good they did, and the principles they contended for, I will unite with you to honor their memory.
After recounting the evils of slavery, Douglass reminded his audience that the Constitution did not, in fact, mention it:
I differ from those who charge this baseness on the framers of the Constitution of the United States … Fellow-citizens! there is no matter in respect to which, the people of the North have allowed themselves to be so ruinously imposed upon, as that of the pro-slavery character of the Constitution. In that instrument I hold there is neither warrant, license, nor sanction of the hateful thing; but, interpreted as it ought to be interpreted, the Constitution is a GLORIOUS LIBERTY DOCUMENT. Read its preamble, consider its purposes. Is slavery among them? Is it at the gateway? or is it in the temple? It is neither. While I do not intend to argue this question on the present occasion, let me ask, if it is not somewhat singular that, if the Constitution were intended to be, by its framers and adopters, a slave-holding instrument, why neither slavery, slaveholding, nor slave can anywhere be found in it. … Now, take the Constitution according to its plain reading, and I defy the presentation of a single pro-slavery clause in it. On the other hand it will be found to contain principles and purposes, entirely hostile to the existence of slavery.
Douglass went on to paint an optimistic picture of America's future — if it would live up to its principles and confront slavery:
Allow me to say, in conclusion, notwithstanding the dark picture I have this day presented of the state of the nation, I do not despair of this country. There are forces in operation, which must inevitably work the downfall of slavery. “The arm of the Lord is not shortened,” and the doom of slavery is certain. I, therefore, leave off where I began, with hope. While drawing encouragement from the Declaration of Independence, the great principles it contains, and the genius of American Institutions, my spirit is also cheered by the obvious tendencies of the age.
Shaun King declared Douglass a “prophet” — but he was a prophet of redemption, not despair. And it was precisely because he believed in the Fourth of July, and the principles of the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, that he believed in America's future.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He is a winner of the 2018 Robert Novak Journalism Alumni Fellowship. He is also the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, which is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Beijing had pledged to fully enforce the latest sanctions after the United States accused China of not doing enough to rein in its neighbor, which relies heavily on the Asian giant for its economic survival
Published 7:43 PM, August 14, 2017
BEIJING, China – China will halt iron, iron ore and seafood imports from North Korea starting Tuesday, following through on new UN sanctions after US pressure for Beijing to strongarm Pyongyang over its ally's nuclear program.
The decision was announced on Monday, August 14, after days of increasingly bellicose rhetoric between US President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un's regime, which has raised international alarm about where the crisis is headed.
Beijing had pledged to fully enforce the latest sanctions after the United States accused China of not doing enough to rein in its neighbor, which relies heavily on the Asian giant for its economic survival.
The Chinese commerce ministry said on its website that all imports of coal, iron, iron ore and seafood will be "completely prohibited" from Tuesday. Beijing had already announced a suspension of coal imports in February.
The United Nations Security Council, including permanent member Beijing, approved tough sanctions against Pyongyang on August 6 that could cost the country $1 billion a year.
The sanctions were in response to the North's two intercontinental ballistic missile tests last month, after which Kim boasted that he could now strike any part of the United States.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi vowed after the UN sanctions were approved that his country "will for sure implement that new resolution 100%, fully and strictly".
China urges dialogue
China, which is suspected of failing to enforce past UN measures, accounts for 90% of North Korea's trade.
Trump complained in July that trade between the two nations had increased by nearly 40% in the first quarter.
Beijing has defended its economic ties with Pyongyang as normal commerce between neighbors and insisted the trade did not violate UN sanctions.
The suspension of coal imports deprives North Korea of massive income as it totalled $1.2 billion last year.
Among the latest banned products, China imported $74.4 million worth of iron ore in the first five months of this year, almost equalling the figure for all of 2016.
Fish and seafood imports totalled $46.7 million in June, up from $13.6 million in May.
The United States angered China in June when it imposed unilateral sanctions on a Chinese bank accused of laundering North Korean cash.
Trump will on Monday formally order a probe into China's intellectual property practices, though US officials said it was not linked to the North Korean matter.
"It's not appropriate to use one issue as a tool to keep pressure on the other issue," foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a regular news briefing.
Soaring tensions
Regional tensions have soared in the past week as Trump warned North Korea it would face "fire and fury" if it attacked the United States, while the North threatened to test-fire its missiles over Japan and towards the US Pacific island of Guam.
Japan has deployed Patriot missile defenses in four prefectures in response.
"We will do our best to prevent (North Korea) from taking such acts by stepping up pressure through the UN," Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday.
"The government's heaviest responsibility is to secure our people's lives."
The war of words has sparked global concern, with world leaders including Chinese President Xi Jinping urging calm on both sides in a phone call with Trump over the weekend.
South Korean President Moon Jae-In, a left-leaning leader who has previously advocated dialogue with the North, joined the appeals for restraint on Monday.
Moon called for an end to "all provocations and hostile rhetoric immediately, instead of worsening the situation any further".
The governor of Guam, Eddie Calvo, defended Trump's rhetoric against Kim's regime, saying in an interview with AFP that "sometimes a bully can only be stopped with a punch in the nose".
China has pleaded for a resumption of long-dormant six-nation talks to peacefully resolve the crisis.
But its proposal for North Korea to suspend its arms programmes in return for the United States to halt military drills in the region has been ignored.
"The relevant parties should exercise restraint, in order to avoid aggravating the words and deeds of the tense situation on the Korean peninsula," foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua said. – Rappler.com
Smith County deputies are on the scene of a reported shooting.
Deputies responded to the Eagle Creek Mobile Home Park. This mobile home community is located in the 11300 block of Highway 271, north of Tyler.
Stay with KLTV and KLTV.com for updates.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
The Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program turned 10 last year.
Scroll for more content...
So far, about 7,500 people have applied to have their student loans discharged, but fewer than 1,000 are expected to qualify this year, the Department of Education has told CNNMoney.
The forgiveness program was created in 2007 under President George W. Bush. Borrowers who work for the government or a non-profit can apply to have their remaining debt wiped away after making 10 years of payments. It was meant to encourage people with student debt to remain in lower-paying jobs that serve the public -- like public defenders, social workers, and Peace Corps workers.
October of 2017 was the first time anyone could have made enough monthly payments to qualify for debt forgiveness. About 7,500 people had applied for forgiveness as of January 5. But the Department of Education was "unable" to say whether any had been approved or rejected to date, a spokeswoman said in an email.
If just 1,000 are deemed eligible over the first year as the department expects, that would represent about 13% of those who have applied.
The low number is partly due to the limited pool of borrowers who were eligible for the program when it first launched, according to the Department of Education.
Dozens of borrowers have told CNNMoney they believed they were making qualified payments when they weren't -- blaming their loan servicers for providing them with misinformation. Some say they planned their careers around the program, only to learn years later that their loan payments did not qualify.
Related: Borrowers sue over Public Service Loan Forgiveness program
To qualify, a borrower must have a federal loan from the William D. Ford Direct Loan Program, as well as be enrolled in an income-based repayment plan.
But in 2007, an estimated 25% of the total federal loan portfolio consisted of Direct loans, the spokeswoman said. Most borrowers at that time had loans from the Federal Family Education Loan (FFEL) program. There were also fewer qualifying repayment plans at that time.
Since then, the government has ended making new loans from the FFEL program and most borrowers have Direct loans instead.
Borrowers with older FFEL loans aren't completely out of luck. They can ask their loan servicer to consolidate their loans into a Direct loan, making them eligible for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program. The catch, though, is that no previous payments will count toward the 10 years of payments needed before debt is canceled.
While the Direct program was available at the time the forgiveness program began, the consolidation process could delay some borrowers from taking advantage of it right away. People have also reported experiencing delays with loan servicers while they certify their income each year for the purpose of remaining in an income-based repayment program, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has said.
Related: She thought her loans were forgiven. They weren't
A handful of borrowers has filed lawsuits against their loan servicers over the matter.
Amanda Lawson-Ross, a counselor at the University of Florida, believed she had made four years of qualifying payments when a service representative told her otherwise. Now, she has to consolidate her loans into the Direct program and start all over.
Part of the problem is that there was no formal process in place for borrowers to find out if they qualified when the program launched in 2007 -- leaving them to rely on what their servicer told them. An employer certification form was eventually made available in 2012, but borrowers are not required to submit it prior to making all the payments.
Currently, the Department of Education recommends that those who want to take advantage of the forgiveness program submit the employer form as soon as they can. It will confirm whether they have the right type of loan and if their employer qualifies. As of January 5, about 800,000 borrowers had submitted at least one employer certification form.
Related: Betsy DeVos limits debt relief for defrauded students
Once someone makes all 10 years' worth of payments, they then must submit an application for forgiveness.
The Trump administration has proposed ending the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program for new borrowers. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that ending the program would save the government $24 billion over the next decade.
Eliminating the program would require an act of Congress, which is currently considering a rewrite of the federal law that oversees higher education. A House version of the bill would end the program for new borrowers. A Senate version is expected to be introduced this spring.
[India], December 11 (ANI): Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Monday said that the Congress cannot win the Gujarat Assembly elections using Pakistan as a pawn.
The union minister told ANI, "Congress ko samajhna chahiye ke jis Pakistani political patang ko woh Gujarat mein udane ki koshish kar rahi hai, Gujarat ke log Bharat ke manjhe se aise patang ko kaatna jante hai. (Congress should understand and stop dragging the political agenda of Pakistan in Gujarat as people of the state will downplay it their nationalism). "
"The people of Gujarat will give the Congress an appropriate answer for dragging Pakistan," said Naqvi. Yesterday, while addressing a rally in Gujarat's Banaskantha, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had alleged that former Pakistan Army director general Arshad Rafique helped Congress leader Ahmed Patel to become the chief minister of Gujarat. "Former Pakistan Army director general Arshad Rafique was backing and willing to help make Ahmed Patel the chief minister," he said. The prime minister had also questioned suspended Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar and former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's meeting with the Pakistan High Commissioner. In the meantime, Pakistan Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Dr Mohammad Faisal has asked India to stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate. (ANI)
A traffic stop led to arrest of East Texas motorcyclist in possession of controlled substance, phencyclidine.
Around 9:01 p.m. Saturday, August 11, a deputy with the Anderson County sheriff's office performed a traffic stop on a black motorcycle on Highway 79 south.
Rory Dale Beavers, 40, was arrested after on a charge of possession of a controlled substance, after testing positive for PCP during a field test. It was later determined that Beavers was carrying approximately 4 grams of PCP.
During a search, the sheriff's deputy Brad Colman found a glass vile on the back seat of the motorcycle.
Beavers posted his $5,000 bond on August 13.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Iowa Governor Terry Branstad testifies before a Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing on his nomination to be U.S. ambassador to China at Capitol Hill in Washington D.C., U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Iowa Governor Terry Branstad testifies before a Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing on his nomination to be U.S. ambassador to China at Capitol Hill in Washington D.C., U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Iowa Governor Terry Branstad testifies before a Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing on his nomination to be U.S. ambassador to China at Capitol Hill in Washington D.C., U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump's nominee for ambassador to China promised on Tuesday to take a firm line with Beijing on issues from North Korea to trade disputes and human rights, and seemed poised for an easy confirmation by the U.S. Senate.
Iowa Governor Terry Branstad said he would use his decades of experience with China to press Beijing to do more to encourage North Korea to curb its nuclear ambitions.
"There are other things they can do diplomatically and economically to send a clear signal that they, as well as the United States and other countries in the world, do not tolerate this expansion of nuclear technology and missiles," Branstad said at his confirmation hearing.
Pressed, Branstad said "there may well be" a role for measures such as imposing secondary sanctions on Chinese banks or other entities that violated U.N. Security Council resolutions by doing business with North Korea.
He offered few specifics.
In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang reiterated that China was serious about enforcing U.N. resolutions and, referring to the possibility of secondary U.S. sanctions, said China opposed other countries using their law to sanction others or to harm Chinese interests.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has called Branstad, 70, an "old friend" after decades of dealings on agricultural trade. But the Republican governor insisted he would take on difficult issues complicating Washington's relationship with its largest trading partner and major creditor.
That would contrast with Trump's recent warm words for Xi, which have caused some U.S. allies to wonder if Trump's focus on working with China on North Korea means Washington may not still have their backs.
"The fact that the leader of China calls us an old friend, doesn't mean that I'm going to be at all reluctant or bashful of bringing up issues ... be it human rights or intellectual property rights," Branstad told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Committee members expressed few concerns about Branstad, signalling he likely will be confirmed easily.
They had tough words for China.
Senator Bob Corker, the panel's Republican chairman, blasted China's actions in the South China Sea, and "cyber theft of intellectual property." He warned against focussing on short-term goals at the expense of long-term U.S. interests.
"There's no country in the world that we have so many issues with," Corker said.
Branstad took a hard line on the South China Sea, saying, "China cannot be allowed to use its artificial islands to coerce its neighbours or limit freedom of navigation or overflight."
Trump has taken an "America First" approach to trade. Branstad also stressed the importance of opening markets to agricultural goods, protecting intellectual property and addressing China's "unfair and illegal" sales of low-priced steel.
(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Related Coverage Thousands of bees swarm Downtown Greeneville
GREENEVILLE, Tenn. (WJHL) -The son of a beekeeper wants to know who sprayed a chemical on hives in Greene County.
Greg Luttrell's father Dale Luttrell is a retired beekeeper. The family says they noticed bees were coming out of a hive and dying. They say the grass around the hives is also dead.
Luttrell called the state honeybee inspector. He said the inspector determined the bees were sprayed with a chemical but did not know what kind.
Related story: Thousands of bees swarm downtown Greeneville
“The bee hives you can tell its sort of oily, you can tell where somebody just walked up and sprayed something on the hives,” Greg Luttrell said.
As of Friday, the Luttrells said they lost 11 hives, including the hive Dale rescued from in Greeneville in March. Those bees were found on a fire hydrant in the downtown area.
Luttrell said each hive has about 30,000 bees, estimating they lost a total of more than 300,000 bees because of the chemical that was sprayed.
The Luttrells have not filed a police report as of yet, but his son is hoping anyone with information about who did this will come forward.
“Me and my brother, and sister, we have already put some security measures in place, so if somebody steps foot on that property that don't belong, we will know about it,” Greg Luttrell said.
Monday afternoon we spoke to the local bee inspector in Greene County, Joel Hausser, who said he inspected the hives last week but wasn't able to identify what was sprayed.
Hausser did say whatever was sprayed on the hives caused thousands of dollars in damage to Luttrell's property.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Showers and a few thunderstorms with locally heavy rain will be across the region through the afternoon as a cold front slowly moves through the state.
A few storms may produce gusty winds and small hail. Afternoon temperatures will be in the 70s and low 80s (southside Virginia). Skies will clear tonight, with overnight lows in the low and mid 50s.
Behind the front, tomorrow will be cooler with highs in the low 70s, along with a mix of sun and clouds. We`ll have more frequent rain chances for the second half of the week, although it certainly won`t rain all the time or in every location each day.
Scattered showers and a few thunderstorms are more likely Wednesday and Friday, but could occur on Thursday as well. Temperatures will be around 70° Wednesday, but rise into the low 80s Thursday and Friday.
Click here to track the line of storms.
April 13 Chesswood Group Ltd
* Chesswood exercises accordion feature under credit facility
* Has exercised $30 million of $80 million accordion feature in its existing corporate revolving credit facility
* Chesswood Group Ltd says credit facility permits company to increase size of facility to an aggregate of $250 million from $170 million
* Chesswood Group Ltd says facility matures in December 2019 and chesswood had drawn $154 million under facility as of end of March Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6 RPM International Inc
* Rpm reports fiscal 2017 third-quarter results
* Q3 earnings per share $0.09
* Q3 earnings per share view $0.11 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $1.54 to $1.64
* Q3 sales $1.0 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.04 billion
* RPM International Inc - impairment and restructuring charges reduced diluted eps by $0.05 per share in quarter
* Full year as-adjusted eps guidance revised to $2.57 to $2.67
* RPM International Inc - in industrial segment, expect mid-single-digit sales growth during Q4
* RPM International Inc -during current quarter, negative trends in restore product line led to loss of market share and downward revision to long-term forecast
* RPM International Inc - $220 million in revenue added via nine acquisitions this fiscal year, have RPM well positioned for solid performance in Q4 and into FY18
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.66 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* U.S. strike group Carl Vinson heading to Korean peninsula
* N.Korea nuclear, missile test feared as key anniversaries loom
* Prospect of US action vs N.Korea seen rising after Syria strike
By Ju-min Park and Nobuhiro Kubo
SEOUL/TOKYO, April 10 A Chinese envoy arrives in South Korea on Monday to discuss North Korea's increasingly defiant weapons programme as a U.S. Navy strike group heads to the region amid concerns Pyongyang may be readying a fresh nuclear test.
North Korea marks several major anniversaries this month and often marks the occasions with major tests of military hardware.
The possibility of U.S. military action against North Korea in response to such a test emerged as an option following last week's U.S. strikes against Syria. It was further fuelled by comments from U.S. President Donald Trump's top aides on the weekend.
In Tokyo, the feasibility of U.S. military action was downplayed, while South Korea said the focus remained on deterrence and readiness.
“It probably is not realistic for the U.S. to attack North Korea," a Japanese defence ministry source said. "If America says it is going to attack, both Japan and South Korea will probably put a stop to it," said the source who declined to be identified.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the U.S. military strike against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons was a warning to other countries including North Korea that "a response is likely" if they pose a danger.
"(Chinese) President Xi (Jinping) clearly understands, and I think agrees, that the situation has intensified and has reached a certain level of threat that action has to be taken," Tillerson said on CBS's Face the Nation.
China's Special Representative for Korean Peninsula Affairs Wu Dawei is expected to discuss the North's nuclear issue with his South Korean counterpart, according to the South Korean foreign ministry.
Wu's trip comes after Trump and Xi met in Florida, where Trump pressed his counterpart to do more to curb North Korea's nuclear programme.
SHOW OF FORCE
The U.S. Navy strike group Carl Vinson canceled a planned trip to Australia and is moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters over the weekend. "We feel the increased presence is necessary," the official said.
South Korean and U.S. forces are also involved in annual joint military drills that run until the end of April. The North calls the drills preparations for war against it.
Several North Korean anniversaries in April could be opportunity for Pyongyang to conduct nuclear or missile tests, South Korean defence ministry spokesman Moon Sang-kyun said.
North Korea has invited a large number of foreign media representatives to Pyongyang this week, likely to cover the so-called "Day of the Sun" birth anniversary on April 15 of the state founder Kim Il Sung.
Moon did not directly respond to a question about the possibility of a U.S. military strike against the North.
"Considering the possibility of North Korea's strategic provocations such as a nuclear test and missile launches, we have in place deterrence to the North's provocation and all readiness against them," he told a briefing on Monday.
Senior envoys of South Korea, Japan and the United State on the North Korea nuclear programme will soon meet to discuss their coordinated response, the South's foreign ministry said.
North Korea sounded a note of defiance on Saturday calling the U.S. strikes against Syria "an unforgivable act of aggression" that showed its decision to develop nuclear weapons was "the right choice."
North Korea launched a ballistic missile on Wednesday that flew a short distance before spinning out of control and crashing into the sea, the latest of a number of missile tests defying U.N. sanctions.
The North is also seen to be ready to conduct its sixth nuclear test at any time, with movements detected by satellites at its Punggye-ri nuclear test site.
(Editing by Jack Kim and Lincoln Feast)
Grains mostly higher, livestock mixed
Wheat for Jul was rose 11.25 cents at 4.9150 a bushel; Jul corn was up 5.25 cents at 3.4275 a bushel; Jul oats gained 8.50 cents at $2.54 bushel; while Jul soybeans fell 4.50 cents at $8.44 bushel.
Beef was mixed and pork was higher on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Aug. live cattle was off .45 cents at $1.0645 a pound; Aug. feeder cattle was up .88 cent at 1.5280 a pound; while July lean hogs rose .52 cent at $.8372 a pound.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Wajid Aminu scored 20 points, Noah Horchler and JT Escobar added 19 points each and North Florida held off Stetson 97-91 Saturday night.
Aminu was 5 of 6 from the line in the last 3:46 as Stetson threatened. He also converted a three-point play with 1:08 remaining that pushed the Ospreys lead to 89-83.
Escobar was also clutch at the free-throw line, making 6 of 6 in the last 1:44.
North Florida (11-15, 5-4 Atlantic Sun) shot 64 per cent from the field (33 of 52) and converted 22 of 29 free throws. The Ospreys won the battle of the boards 38-22.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Hundreds of Indiana's least-populated townships face forced mergers with their neighbors in what would be the most significant overhaul of the local governments since a gubernatorial commission called for their elimination a decade ago.
Scroll for more content...
A bill backed by Indiana House Republican leaders would require the consolidation of townships with fewer than 1,200 residents. The House is expected to vote Monday on whether to endorse the plan and send it on the Senate for consideration.
Advocates of township consolidation say it will lead to cost savings and better services in areas with few residents.
Township supporters argue that it is the level of government closest to the people and the most responsive. Some question whether focusing only on the smallest townships would result in many savings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Republican Ron Estes plans to take his seat April 25 as the congressman representing south-central Kansas.
Estes is state treasurer and won a special election for the 4th Congressional District seat previously held by CIA Director Mike Pompeo.
Estes plans to step down as state treasurer when he's sworn in as congressman. He submitted his resignation to GOP Gov. Sam Brownback that the governor's office made public Monday.
A state board plans to convene April 24 to certify the special election results.
Brownback will name the next treasurer. Spokeswoman Melika Willoughby said Brownback is still looking at potential candidates.
Estes defeated Democrat James Thompson for the congressional seat by 7 percentage points. The race drew national attention because Pompeo won his last three elections by more than 30 percentage points.
ENID (AP) Flights involving the main training aircraft at an Oklahoma air base have been grounded for the second time in three months as military officials investigate several incidents involving a lack of oxygen onboard.
The "operational pause" of all the T-6 Texan aircraft at the Vance Air Force Base began Thursday.
Maj. Gen. Patrick Doherty, the 19th Air Force commander, said the base is working fast to make changes that will minimize the chances of risk for "the aircrew while we tackle this issue head-on."
The T-6 was also grounded in November after four instructor pilots and one student pilot reported "physiological incidents" due to incidents, according to a release from the Air Force Base.
"Physiological incidents" refer to problems with hypoxia, a condition where the body does not get enough oxygen.
The recent pause comes after the U.S. Air Force announced an investigation last month into problems with oxygen that have resulted in the grounding of some training aircraft, including A-10 Thunderbolts, F-35A Lightnings and T-6A, over the last several months.
Getting linebacker T.J. Watt signed was the Pittsburgh Steelers put a bow on their 2017 NFL draft class. With that done, Pittsburgh has nearly wrapped up all their offseason housekeeping before training camp. However, there are still three big decisions that must be made in the next four weeks.
A A
TOKYO — North Korean leader Kim Jong-un hinted Sunday that Pyongyang may ring in the new year with another bang — the test-launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile.
In his annual New Year's address, Kim said that after testing what the North claims was its first hydrogen bomb last year, preparations for launching an intercontinental ballistic missile have “reached the final stage”
Kim did not explicitly say an ICBM test, which if successful would be a big step forward for the North, was imminent. But he has a birthday coming up on Jan. 8, and last year Pyongyang conducted a nuclear test on Jan. 6.
Kim threatened in the address to boost his country's military capabilities further unless the U.S. ends war games with rival South Korea. But he also said efforts must be made to defuse the possibility of another Korean war and stressed the importance of building the economy under a five-year plan announced in May.
“The political and military position of socialism should be further cemented as an invincible fortress,” Kim said, according to an outline of the speech carried by the North's official Korean Central News Agency. “We should resolutely smash the enemies' despicable and vicious moves to dampen the pure and ardent desire of the people for the party and estrange the people from it.”
The address was shown on television mixing video with Kim speaking and stretches of audio only, as still photos were broadcast. It was less than 30 minutes long.
South Korea's Unification Ministry said in a statement that it “strongly condemns” Kim's threat to proceed with a test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile and strengthen North Korea's nuclear-strike capabilities. It said that the international community will not tolerate North Korean efforts to develop nuclear weapons, and that the North will only face tougher sanctions and pressure if it continues to go down that path.
Under Kim, who rose to power following his father's death in 2011, North Korea has seen steady progress in its nuclear and missile programs, including two nuclear tests in 2016. It recently claimed a series of technical breakthroughs in its goal of developing a long-range nuclear missile capable of reaching the continental United States.
U.N. resolutions call for an end to North Korea's nuclear and missile tests. Kim appears uninterested in complying.
The year ahead could be a tumultuous one in north Asia, with Donald Trump set to become the new U.S. president on Jan. 20, and South Korea's politics in disarray over a scandal that brought the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye.
Kim indicated there will be no change in the North's nuclear policy unless Washington makes a big, conciliatory first move, which, even with the advent of Trump, would seem unlikely.
Trump has somewhat offhandedly suggested he would be willing to meet with Kim — but not in North Korea — and has at the same time indicated that he wants China to exert significantly more control over Pyongyang to get it to abandon its nuclear program.
Demands from Pyongyang for the U.S. to stop its joint military exercises with the South and enter into negotiations to sign a peace treaty formally ending the 1950-53 Korean War have fallen on deaf ears in Washington for years amid an atmosphere of distrust and deepening hostility.
Kim is in his early 30s and is now in his fifth year as the North's leader.
His New Year addresses, and a marathon speech at the May ruling party congress, are a contrast with his enigmatic father, Kim Jong Il, who rarely spoke in public. But he has yet to meet a foreign head of state or travel outside of North Korea since assuming power, and remains one the world's most mysterious national leaders.
Bill Morrison began having a delightfully Mad time of things one year ago this month — when he officially began his tenure at the legendary magazine.
And since early this year, Morrison has begun to deploy his own sensibility to guide the comedy institution, as its first new top editor since the '80s.
For roughly half of the six-decade-plus lifespan of Mad magazine, John Ficarra steered the ship manned by the "Usual Gang of Idiots," including such rock-star artists as Al Jaffee, Sergio Aragones and Mort Drucker.
But as Mad recently moved to California from its longtime New York home, Morrison — who co-founded Bongo Comics in Southern California with three fellow executives, including "Simpsons" creator Matt Groening — took over amid the larger range of changes.
Even in new digs, Morrison, who is also president of the National Cartoonists Society, appreciates the historic magazine's irreverent sense of itself, honed over nearly seven decades.
"Mad's mission has always been to shove our culture in front of a funhouse mirror and say, 'Hey, everyone, take a look at how ridiculous this is!' " Morrison says. "We don't feel a need to change that.
"We look at what's going on in the world, from politics to entertainment to fads," he says, "and when we see something that deserves ridicule, we go to work."
For the bimonthly magazine's third issue under Morrison, Mad wanted to hit a target-rich environment on its cover, gathering recent headline names that Morrison thinks particularly deserve ridicule.
The issue will hit digital and physical shelves in August — a spoof of the Whac-A-Mole arcade game includes the heads of Roseanne Barr, Bill Cosby, President Donald Trump and Harvey Weinstein.
"We wanted to come up with a 'summer fun' cover and looked to things like beach parties, county fairs and amusement arcades for inspiration," Morrison says of the cover illustrated by Mark Fredrickson.
Who is buying Jimmy Paulding?
March 18, 2018
OPINION by GEORGE STRICKLIN
Beginning March 6th, and running up to the June primary, candidates are required to file FPPC reports notifying the public of large political donations of $1000 or more given to a candidate. Such donations must be reported within 24 hours of receiving that donation. Reports include the donor's name, the amount of the donation, and the date received. The purpose is to identify any large contribution, and its source, as the election enters the final months to ensure transparency.
Interestingly, Jimmy Paulding has “sidestepped” this disclosure requirement, first with of a mysterious, unnamed donor, who pledged $40,000 to his campaign, in a contest featured on Jimmy's Facebook page and campaign website, and then with another who anonymously pledged $10,000.
So, Jimmy claims to have received two anonymous donations totaling $50,000, and both were received only days before the start of the 24 hour reporting period. The precise timing of his contest's end (right before March 6th), which triggered the $50,000 anonymous match is not coincidental.
Something stinks. Campaign finance laws are intended to ensure transparency and honesty. Nothing should be hidden for months, especially $50,000 in contributions! Jimmy Paulding…you claim to have received $50,000 worth of anonymous donations…who is buying this race? o much for transparency.
Who are these hidden donors and what do they expect to get for their donation? Who is trying to buy this race? The voters of the 4th District have the right to know who is hiding behind your curtain.
Loading...
During the 2017 Delaware County Fair, Charles and Betty Sheets were inducted into the Agricultural Hall of Fame.
According to the Delaware County Fair website, “Enshrinement in the Agricultural Hall of Fame is the highest form of recognition in Delaware County for an individual who has made outstanding contributions to the agricultural industry.”
According to information provided by Connie Skinner, one of the people who nominated the Sheets for the hall of fame, Charles and Betty Sheets have given “70-plus years of service to the county.”
“Chuck & Betty are great members of our community,” said Skinner. “They are very friendly and strong leaders and they like to preserve history.”
The Sheets' interest in preservation can be seen in the new Brown Township hall. In the foyer of the facility is a wall showcasing their family history in the Kilbourne area from 1834 to the present time.
The Sheets donated $1.1 million to have the new hall constructed on the old Kilbourne School site.
“I went to school there for 12 years,” said Charles Sheets during the dedication of the hall. “I went there from 1932 until 1944 when I graduated.”
Betty Sheets graduated in 1949 from Willis High School in Delaware.
Charles Sheets said he purchased the land at 2918 Steamtown Road, Delaware, in 1950 where he and Betty still live.
According to Skinner, the two were married on October 21, 1951, raised two children and have three grandchildren.
“Betty spent a lot of time helping with the farm after she and Charles were married,” Skinner said. “She has always had a love for the outdoors and helped greatly on the farm, driving a tractor, hauling grain, running errands, and taking food to the field. They have been a team to get the farm work accomplished.”
Skinner said the Sheets have enjoyed serving the community through various organizations and they love to give back to others.
Highlights from Charles Sheets' long list of activities over the years include serving in the Army from February 1945 to November 1946; getting legislation started and passed on House Bill 25, protection of farm drainage systems from rural development, and signed into law by Gov. Bob Taft; 41-year member of the Masonic Lodge; director of Delaware Farmers Exchange; director of the Delaware Rural Electric Cooperative; Oxford Township Trustee; and 73-year member of the K of P Lodge. He was instrumental in starting the Delaware County Railroad Crossing Task Force and served as chairman since it was organized in 1998.
Highlights from Betty Sheets' list, as long and impressive as Charles', include being honored as the Delaware County Farm Bureau Farm Woman of the Year 2001; member of the Farm Bureau; lifetime member of Delaware Historical Society; 55-year member of Ashley Progressive Mother's Club; member of Delaware Genealogical Society; member of the Kilbourne Grange from 1948 until it closed in 1970; supported the Farm Bureau Women's Committees, Farm Bureau Fun Tent at the Delaware County Fair, Ag Day breakfasts, Ag in the Classroom; member of Delaware Genealogical Society; and served on the Farm Bureau board of trustees.
“Betty loves to bake cookies and give them to the mailman, paper carrier or whoever might come to visit,” Skinner said.
The Sheets were recommended for the Hall of Fame by the Skinner family and Hardscrabble Farms Inc.
Charles and Betty Sheets were inducted into the Delaware County Agricultural Hall of Fame during this year's fair. The Sheets proudly display the plaque they received during their recognition and induction. http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2017/12/web1_IMG_0770_1.jpg Charles and Betty Sheets were inducted into the Delaware County Agricultural Hall of Fame during this year's fair. The Sheets proudly display the plaque they received during their recognition and induction. Courtesy Photo
Charles & Betty Sheets in ag hall of fame
By D. Anthony Botkin abotkin@aimmediamidwest.com
D. Anthony Botkin may be reached at 740-413-0902 or on Twitter @dabotkin.
D. Anthony Botkin may be reached at 740-413-0902 or on Twitter @dabotkin.
DICKINSON COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities and officials with USD 473 are investigating a social media concern.
Chapman High School reported on the school web site that those involved with the concern are in custody and students are safe.
A K-9 search has taken place along with a lockdown to insure our students safety.
We do not feel that there is any reason for concern for the safety of our students and staff. We are taking every precaution to ensure that all Chapman High School students are safe and secure.
No additional details were released Friday afternoon.
TOKYO - A strong earthquake has shaken northeastern Japan off the coast of Fukushima, the region hit by a massive quake and tsunami in 2011 that triggered a nuclear plant meltdown, but there are no reports of damage or injuries.
The Japan Meteorological Agency said there is no danger of a tsunami. It said the quake struck at about midnight Friday and measured a preliminary magnitude of 5.9. It said it was centred about 50 kilometres below the ocean's surface.
The shaking was felt 240 kilometres away in Tokyo, Japan's capital. Public broadcaster NHK said local trains stopped temporarily for safety checks but then resumed service.
The utility that operates the wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant said it is conducting safety checks.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A group of pelicans visits Lake Mauvaisterre as they migrate north.
A group of pelicans visits Lake Mauvaisterre as they migrate north. http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_backpage-pelicans0418.jpg A group of pelicans visits Lake Mauvaisterre as they migrate north.
When we say that Chanel has demonstrated her modeling skills from birth, we mean it! The newborn posed for her first family portrait with parents Coco and Ice-T just 5 minutes after she arrived into the world. Impressive? We think so.
RICHMOND, Va. — Two weeks ago, we chatted with Reba Hollingsworth about where she eats in her free food time (spoiler alert: Chinese food is her thing!) This morning, we snagged Rob Cardwell to talk food stuffs and learned he loves pizza and burgers.
Where does Cardwell eat locally? His secret off-the-grid spot is El Patron in Chester, Virginia.
He lauds the fajitas, the table-side guacamole and the warm, salty crisp tortilla chips.
Where else does Cardwell eat? Watch for his picks for good food in Richmond.
Have suggestions on what food questions Robey should ask? Comment and we will try and include them next time.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
By Michael Hirtzer CHICAGO, April 13 Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle futures climbed to a roughly 1-1/2 year high on Thursday, boosted by gains in cash cattle prices that widened futures' discount to the cash market, dealers said. Feedlots bought a small number of cattle in Nebraska at $128 per cwt, up $2 from last week. CME April live cattle futures were trading at an equivalent of about $125 per cwt and June cattle at about $115 per cwt. "We discounted the futures market last fall and since then, futures have been continuously behind the spot (cash) market," said Steiner Consulting Group analyst Altin Kalo. Some traders expected weaker trades in U.S. cash cattle markets this week and the higher values prompted gains in futures. "We started on a weak foot and rocketed back higher," Kalo added. Investors were exiting shorts or liquidating longs in April live cattle before it expires at the end of the month. The contact finished 1.175 cents higher at 125.375 cents per pound, highest since Nov. 12, 2015. Most-active June live cattle gained 0.350 cent to 114.700 cents per pound, off the earlier life-of-contract high 115.525 cents. CME May feeder cattle were 0.575 cent higher at 138.400 cents per pound. CME lean hog futures fell to the lowest levels since December before turning higher. Most-active June lean hogs settled 0.225 higher at 72.500 cents per pound. Hogs had drifted lower for weeks, weighed down by higher U.S. hog production that pressured hog prices in cash markets. Kalo said some investors likely were bargain hunting on expectations that U.S. meat prices will begin to rise amid demand for outdoor grilling, potentially triggering more aggressive buying of hogs by pork packers. "(Traders are) testing to see where the bottom (in hog futures) is going to be before they get bullish for the summer market," he said. CME livestock futures trading will be closed on Friday for the Good Friday holiday. (Reporting by Michael Hirtzer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
1:50 SLO County poet laureate Jeanie Greensfelder reads 'At Sweet Springs Preserve' Pause
1:15 Hiking Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve
0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities
1:46 Discovery SLO's vision: Bowling alley, concerts, food and more — all in one spot
2:02 How Grizzly Run Club helps students build emotional strength, confidence
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle at the Piedras Blancas rookery
1:11 Wet winter brings wildflower 'super bloom' to the California desert
1:23 At Georgia Brown Elementary in Paso Robles, students learn in English and Spanish
1:54 TSA releases video on what to expect during airport pat-downs in wake of controversy
Social Media Initiative Spotlights African Americans' Contributions to Science, Technology, Engineering and Math
Leveraging the immense popularity of the hit movie “Hidden Figures,” the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) has launched a nationwide campaign titled #BlackSTEMLikeMe. This unique multimedia initiative is aiming to encourage black students and professionals in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) to share their stories and passions; bring visibility to the important work they are doing; show black boys and girls that a future in STEM is an incredible and attainable career path; demonstrate the value of NSBE membership and celebrate the unique, wonderful and life-changing aspects of the African-American community — past and present. The campaign is designed to move NSBE toward the main goal of its 10-year strategic plan, which is to lead the U.S. to produce 10,000 African-American bachelor's degree recipients in engineering annually by 2025, up from 3,501 graduates in 2014.
“Hidden Figures,” released in theaters nationwide on Jan. 6, tells the story of how three African-American women — Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson — contributed critical math, engineering and computer science work to the early missions of the U.S. space program. The movie, which is getting great reviews and was the No. 1 film at the box office in its first two weekends, is bringing a major focus to the often overlooked contributions of the black STEM community.
“NSBE is very excited about this campaign, which makes a conscious effort to highlight black men and women in STEM and show young black boys and girls that this is a career path that it's cool for them to pursue,” said NSBE National Secretary Racheida Lewis. “Being a member of NSBE has enabled me and many other black students to successfully complete engineering and other STEM-related degree programs. And it has empowered me to pursue my passion of educating others about STEM through initiatives such as #BlackSTEMLikeMe.”
Trina Fletcher is director of Pre-College Programs for NSBE and a Ph.D. candidate in engineering education at Purdue University. Like Lewis, she places high value on presenting positive STEM role models and mentors to African-American youth.
“Without my STEM education and professional career opportunities, I would not be the leader and woman that I am today,” Fletcher said. “As a member of NSBE and now full-time employee of the organization, I've been able to see the impact we have on people of color, ranging from K–12 students
to professionals on their way to retirement from their companies. I encourage all black parents and caregivers to take advantage of the opportunity to expose their children to STEM through #BlackSTEMLikeMe as well as NSBE youth programs such as our Pre-College Initiative and the Summer Engineering Experience for Kids (SEEK).”
#BlackSTEMLikeME provides many avenues for STEM students and professionals to participate in the campaign through social media:
By sharing STEM stories on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat or via the nsbe.org website using the #BlackSTEMLikeMe hashtag. The best stories will be entered in NSBE's national social media webisode series;
By tweeting STEM stories, including visuals, using the #BlackSTEMLikeMe hashtag;
By posting STEM stories to personal Facebook pages, tagging the NSBE Facebook page using the #BlackSTEMLikeMe hashtag;
By posting STEM photos or videos to Instagram, tagging @NSBE and using the #BlackSTEMLikeMe hashtag; and
By emailing text and video for blog posts to BlackSTEMLikeMe@nsbe.org for posting on the nsbe.org website.
“This campaign proves, once again, the power of good partnerships: combining NSBE members' grassroots activism and dedication to our mission with the resources of other socially progressive organizations,” said NSBE Executive Director Karl W. Reid, Ed.D. “We thank our #BlackSTEMLikeMe sponsors for making this effort possible.”
A list of the #BlackSTEMLikeMe sponsors follows. Learn more about the #BlackSTEMLikeMe campaign, including upcoming events and other ways to get involved, at BlackSTEMLikeMe.nsbe.org.
About NSBE
With 278 chapters and nearly 16,000 active members in the U.S. and abroad, the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) is one of the largest student-governed organizations based in the United States. NSBE, founded in 1975, supports and promotes the aspirations of collegiate and pre-collegiate students and technical professionals in engineering and technology. NSBE's mission is “to increase the number of culturally responsible black engineers who excel academically, succeed professionally and positively impact the community.” For more information, visit www.nsbe.org.
Sign up to follow NSBE on social media.
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Read about NSBE's “Be 1 of 10,000” Campaign at Graduate10K.NSBE.org.
A resident at Hideaway Lake, in Smith County, woke up this morning to find a single bullet inside his house.
The head of security for the gated community called deputies this morning after discovering that a bullet had entered his home sometime during the night.
The man told officials that he never heard anything.
According to the Smith County Sheriff's Office, deputies responded to the scene and found that the bullet had entered the man's home through the wall.
The man was not injured.
Deputies do not have any information on a suspect.
The case is under investigation.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
U.S. refiner HollyFrontier Corp (HFC.N) reported a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss, hurt by a 61 percent rise in operating costs.
However, sales and other revenue at the Dallas, Texas-based company rose 52.5 percent to $3.08 billion, as it benefited from higher selling prices.
Average sales price per produced barrel rose 43.5 percent to $66.62 per barrel in the quarter.
Robust demand for refined products and declining inventories are offering a glimmer of hope to refiners, whose margins fell sharply in 2016 due to a glut of gasoline and diesel.
HollyFrontier's refining margins rose 2 percent to $7.74 per barrel.
But costs for refiners have gone up with a rise in oil prices, caused by an OPEC-led production cut and rebounding demand.
U.S. crude prices CLc1 averaged $51.78 per barrel in the first three months of the year, up 54 percent from a year earlier.
Total operating costs and expenses at HollyFrontier jumped 61 percent to $3.1 billion in the first quarter.
Net loss attributable to the company's shareholders was $45.5 million, or 26 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of $21.3 million, or 12 cents per share, a year earlier.
Net income for the latest quarter was reduced by $12.0 million due to one-time items.
Excluding items, the company posted a net loss of 19 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, bigger than the Street estimate of a loss of 12 cents per share.
(Reporting by Muvija M in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
More than half a million people have signed a petition calling for the right wing activist Tommy Robinson to be freed from jail, in just a few days.
Mr. Robinson was jailed for 13 months over the weekend after pleading guilty to breaching contempt of court laws whilst on a suspended sentence for the same charge.
He was given 10 months for the contempt of court charge and a further three months for breaching the suspended sentence, incurred after filming outside a gang rape trial in Canterbury last year.
The petition, however, claims he was “arrested and jailed for reporting on Muslim grooming gangs”, adding:
“A job that he chooses to do with no regard for his own safety, informing the public of all the wrongs committed in the name of Allah. Fighting against adversity and reporting on issues that our mainstream media are too afraid to speak of.”
Although found to be in breach of the letter of the law, supporters argue rules are selectively applied because of Mr. Robinson's views and the nature of the case he was highlighting.
They allege that journalists and left-wing activists frequently gather, shout, and loudly protest and report from outside courtrooms, but reporting restrictions are rarely used or enforced.
“Tommy is raising issues that are affecting all of our communities, and that are being swept under the carpet and hidden from the public,” the petition adds.
The names and home addresses of defendants are also routinely reported in the press before sentencing, as well as the details of allegations, and critics have questioned why Mr. Robinson's actions are exceptional and worthy of such swift punitive action.
“It's time we stand together, stand strong, and stand by his side. FREE TOMMY ROBINSON.”
During Friday's hearing Matthew Harding, for the defence, said Mr. Robinson had “deep regret” for what he had done, the Press Association reports.
“He was mindful, having spoken to others and taken advice, not to say things that he thought would actually prejudice these proceedings,” Mr. Harding added. “He did not try to cause difficulties for the court process.”
Judge Geoffrey Marson QC said: “Not only was it a very long video, but I regard it as a serious aggravating feature that he was encouraging others to share it and it had been shared widely.
“That is the nature of the contempt. He referred to the charges that the defendants faced and some charges which are not proceeded against in relation to some defendants.”
A judge initially banned reporting on Mr. Robinson's own case, until the restrictions were challenged by a number of publications and lifted on Tuesday.
The reporting restrictions prompted accusations of political censorship, with many prominent politicians from around the world speaking out in defiance.
ON THE MOMENT THEY BECAME OFFICIAL
Despite instant attraction, the romance took some time to develop while they were filming Step Up. In fact, Jenna told Cosmopolitan they tip-toed around their feelings: "It was two nights of being weird."
She continued: "We hadn't even kissed. And then he went out partying with a bunch of dancers," she recalled. "His room was right above mine, and he came down drunk with a sombrero on, banging on my door."
Jenna revealed that she had previously told the hunky star he didn't seem ready to begin a new romance, but on that night "He was like, 'I couldn't stop thinking about you. Let's do this. I just want to be with you.' From that point forward, we were together."
Federal safety regulators say that at least four people have died following head-on crashes in Hyundai and Kia cars in which the airbags did not deploy.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it's investigating the airbags in 2011 Hyundai Sonatas and 2012 and 2013 Kia Fortes after it received reports the devices failed to deploy in six different crashes that resulted in injuries, including the four involving fatalities.
There are an estimated 425,000 cars on US roads that could be affected by the problem, according to the NHTSA's review, which was made public on Saturday.
Hyundai announced earlier this month that it plans to recall 155,000 of the 2011 Sonatas due to a short circuit in the controller that deploys the airbags. But it has yet to recall the cars because it does not yet have a fix in place. The automaker said it will notify owners by April 20.
Hyundai's initial recall statement did not mention that any deaths or injuries had occurred in the cars with faulty airbags. When asked about the NHTSA's investigation, it said the four accidents involving Sonatas resulted in two deaths and two injuries. It described the accidents as “rare and unique.”
“These accidents included a very high rate of speed and a severe offset head-on collision to the front driver side of the vehicle,” said the company. “We are actively investigating what exactly causes the airbag control unit to become damaged in these specific types of accidents.”
Related: Ford recalls 1.4 million cars because steering wheel can come off
Kia, which is also owned by Hyundai Motors but operates as a separate company in the US, has not announced any recalls for the Forte related to the airbag. Kia said it is working with NHTSA but that it “has not confirmed any airbag non-deployments arising from the potential chip issue.”
The airbags were made by ZF-TRW, according to the NHTSA filing. Spokespersons for VF-TRW did not respond to a request for comment.
The largest auto recall in the nation's history involved 50 million airbags made by supplier Takata for 37 million cars across most major automakers. Those airbags, which exploded and sent shrapnel into the car's occupants, have been tied to at least 13 U.S. deaths and more than 200 injuries, according to NHTSA.
Each month, Swing dancers, rookies and polished professionals alike take to the oval dance floor at Clearwater's Fort Harrison Crystal Ballroom to dance for local charities.
Contact
Lisa Mansell
***@cos.flag.org Lisa Mansell
End
-- The Church of Scientology Flag Service Organization will host Savoy South Dance Hall for a monthly Swing Dance for Charity in the Fort Harrison's Ballroom in downtown Clearwater.The event will be held on the 19th of January. The cost is $15, which includes refreshments and a dance class from 7 until 8pm. An open dance to the Flag Band follows at 8. All proceeds will benefit Religious Community Services (RCS). For the past 50 years, RCS has provided assistance for those who suffer from hunger, homelessness or domestic violence.Providing the dance lesson is career dancer Arleene Norman. Ms. Norman brings her skills to the Fort Harrison once a month to help different charitable organizations raise funds for their causes. Last month Toys for Tots was featured. Major Ed Zaleski, Program Coordinator from Toys for Tots, attended and left with contributions to help bring Christmas to children who might not otherwise have it."In addition to her day-to-day work, Arleene uses her talent for charitable causes, while teaching others a new skill – social dancing – at a level that makes the dancing simple and enjoyable," said Lisa Mansell, the Public Affairs Director of the Church of Scientology."This kind of community activity which brings people together for a good cause and makes them competent at a new skill, is fantastic. The Founder of Scientology, Mr. L. Ron Hubbard said: 'A being is only as valuable as he can serve others' and this is one way that people can do this," concluded Ms. Mansell.All donations from the entrance fee along with the "Cake Walk" style raffle will be tallied up at the end of the night and given to the Religious Community Service.Swing Dancing has maintained a devoted following since the 1920's where the black community, while dancing to contemporary jazz music, discovered the Charleston and the Lindy Hop at the Savoy Ballroom in New York City.The Savoy Ballroom opened on March 26, 1926. The first integrated ballroom, the Savoy was an immediate success with its block-long dance floor and raised double bandstand. Nightly dancing attracted the best dancers in the New York area. Stimulated by the presence of great dancers and the best black bands, music at the Savoy was largely Swinging Jazz.One evening in 1927, following Lindbergh's flight to Paris, a local dance enthusiast named "Shorty George" Snowden was watching some of the dancing couples. A newspaper reporter asked him what dance they were doing, and it just so happened that there was a newspaper with an article about Lindbergh's flight sitting on the bench next to them. The title of the article read, "Lindy Hops the Atlantic," and George answered saying "Lindy Hop" and the name stuck.The dance lesson starts at 7pm, with open dancing at 8pm to the Flag Band. Partners are not required and experienced dancers will be on hand to assist Ms. Norman. For more information about the event, please call (727) 467-6860 or go to https://www.facebook.com/ events/1613295812313070/ Since its construction in 1927, the Fort Harrison has been the home to many events for charitable organizations. The latest owner, the Church of Scientology, completed a top to bottom restoration of the For Harrison in 2009, and since then has hosted over 300 community events there.
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
FRANKFURT, April 6 Silicon Valley online education start-up Udacity is spinning out its school for driverless car engineers to develop self-driving taxis, taking aim at the likes of Uber Technologies Inc, the company said on Thursday.
Udacity was co-founded by Sebastian Thrun, who was also the co-founder of the Google X research lab that led development of Google's self-driving car.
The new company, dubbed Voyage Auto, will not build its own cars but it will retrofit existing vehicles.
"I'm starting a new thing with great friends called Voyage Auto," Chief Executive Oliver Cameron said on his LinkedIn page. "We're deploying autonomous taxis to real users very, very soon."
Cameron is a former VP engineering & product at Udacity. He said on his LinkedIn page that "Voyage is building an extremely cheap and safe autonomous taxi service."
Udacity is worth more than $1 billion. It is betting that its focus on vocational courses for professionals, as well as its work for global companies such as Google, will help it to stand out in the fast-growing online education industry.
The LinkedIn page of Voyage Auto showed it had 4 employees.
Business Insider reported first about Voyage Auto. It said Voyage would not be using any of the technology built by Udacity's students, citing Chief Marketing Officer Shernaz Daver. (Reporting by Harro ten Wolde; Editing by Georgina Prodhan)
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
German leader sees end of the road for diesel, gasoline cars Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel says she thinks the internal combustion engines that are the mainstay of her country's auto industry will eventually have to be phased out.
Merkel told German weekly Super Illu that bans on new gas or diesel cars planned by other European countries are right in principle, but declined to say if Germany should head in that direction and if so, when.
An extract of her interview published Monday quotes Merkel as saying: "I can't give you a precise year yet, but the approach is the right one."
Merkel reiterated her criticism of the car industry over the Volkswagen diesel emissions scandal, saying it was up to automakers to repair the damage done.
Her comments come a month before a national election in which Merkel is seeking a fourth term.
Hillary Clinton compared herself to DC Comics superhero Wonder Woman Tuesday in a video message, which aired at the Women in Film Los Angeles' Crystal + Lucy Awards in Beverly Hills.
Clinton began by thanking Women in Film for its “commitment to lifting up women directors, producers, writers, composers and executives.” Then the former Democratic presidential nominee suggested that she and Wonder Woman were both on a quest to “save the world.”
“Now I haven't seen Wonder Woman yet, but I'm going to, in part because it's directed by the fabulous Patty Jenkins,” Clinton said in the video. “But something tells me that a movie about a strong, powerful woman fighting to save the world from a massive international disaster is right up my alley.”
Clinton's taped video remarks were meant to honor actress Elizabeth Banks, who ripped President Donald Trump and stumped for Clinton last year at the Democratic National Convention.
“She is such a special person, again, on screen and off,” Clinton said of her friend Banks. “You're not only a creative force in front of the camera and behind it, you are a passionate advocate for women's equality and opportunity; I can vouch for that.”
The 42-year-old Pitch Perfect director and star produced a star-studded pro-Clinton “Fight Song” music video that premiered during the second day of the Democratic National Convention in July of last year.
A week before Election Day, Banks appeared in another celebrity-filled video meant to persuade Americans to vote for Clinton.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRUSSELS European Union leaders meet to finalise guidelines for their Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, who will launch talks with Britain on its withdrawal from the EU in June, after Britain's parliamentary election.
The 27 national leaders will demand London protects the rights of 3 million EU citizens living in Britain and settle tens of billions of euros worth of financial obligations they say Britain owes them as a member.
The following are comments from national leaders and senior EU officials before their meeting on Saturday.
LUXEMBOURG PRIME MINISTER XAVIER BETTEL
"It's not a trial, the United Kingdom against the United Europe. It's a discussion, not a court case. We should find bridges we can build between both of us. They are maybe not any more in our family, but they are still our neighbours so we should have respect for each other, but a level playing field and not cherry picking."
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT BREXIT COORDINATOR GUY VERHOFSTADT
"There is unanimity between the 27 and unanimity with the three institutions."
"(The British election) delays it a little bit but it doesn't change the position in the negotiations, the mandate of the EU and the outcome of the UK election."
(Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop, Jan Strupczewski and Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of Auxiliary Bishop Francis J. Christian of Manchester, N.H., who is pictured in a 2004 photo. He is 75, the age at which canon requires bishops to turn in their resignation to the pope. (CNS photo/Nancy Wiechec)
WASHINGTON (CNS) -- Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of Auxiliary Bishop Francis J. Christian of Manchester, New Hampshire.
The bishop, who is vicar general and vicar for priest personnel, is 75, the age at canon law requires bishops to turn in their resignation to the pope.
His resignation was announced in Washington Feb. 1 by Archbishop Christophe Pierre, apostolic nuncio to the United States.
St. John Paul II appointed then-Msgr. Christian as auxiliary bishop for the statewide Manchester Diocese April 2, 1996, and he was ordained a bishop May 14, 1996, at St. Joseph Cathedral by Bishop Leo E. O'Neil, then head of the diocese.
At the time of his episcopal appointment he had been chancellor of the Manchester Diocese since 1977 and secretary of administrative/canonical affairs since 1986.
Born Oct. 8, 1942, in Peterborough, New Hampshire, Francis Joseph Christian studied at St. Anselm College in Manchester for two years, before entering the seminary in 1962.
He studied at St. Paul Seminary in Ottawa, Ontario, from 1962 to 1964. He completed his undergraduate study with a bachelor of arts degree and a bachelor of philosophy degree from the University of Ottawa, in 1964. He studied at the American College at the University of Louvain in Belgium from 1964 to 1968, earning a master's degree in theology in 1968.
He was ordained a priest for Manchester by Bishop Ernest J. Primeau, sixth bishop of the diocese, at St. Patrick Parish in Jaffrey, New Hampshire, on June 29, 1968.
He served three years at Our Lady of Mercy Parish in Merrimack, New Hampshire, and a year at St. Joseph Cathedral in Manchester, both as parochial vicar, before returning to Louvain in 1973 for doctoral work in moral theology. He completed a doctorate, summa cum laude, in religious studies with a specialization in moral theology in February 1975.
Upon his return to the diocese he was appointed vice chancellor in 1975. He was named a monsignor by St. John Paul in 1986.
The statewide Diocese of Manchester covers just over, 9,300 square miles. Out of a total population of 1.33 million, about 255,000, or 19 percent, are Catholic.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
LAFOLLETTE (WATE) – The national opioid epidemic is affecting communities in East Tennessee.
The Centers for Disease Control in July released a monthly report, Vital Signs, that determined morphine equivalent milligrams per capita, annually for counties across the U.S. Three Tennessee counties are in the top twenty nationally: Campbell County, Claiborne County and Cocke County.
“We are seeing generational poverty. With that generational poverty becomes all that drug abuse. With that, we have to educate those kids and break that mold — this is not acceptable.” said Raewyn Snodderly, a pharmacist at Terry's Pharmacy in LaFollette.
The CDC report shows there are six times more opioids per resident dispensed in the highest-prescribing counties than in the lowest-prescribing counties.
Campbell County prescribes the third highest morphine equivalent milligrams per capita, annually, at 3,304 in 2015. Claiborne County is the seventh highest, with 2,208.
Researchers at the CDC collected data through retail pharmacy receipts from 2006-2015, the report details any changes between 2010-2015 as to whether prescriptions have increased, decreased, or remained stable.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairman had stepped aside, amid reports he had been detained.
The Bloomberg report cited an unnamed source and did not give details on what type of business dealings authorities asked banks to suspend with Anbang.
A spokesman for the insurer said Anbang Insurance Group's products are still being sold through bank channels.
Anbang, one of China's most aggressive buyers of overseas assets, said on Wednesday that Wu Xiaohui was temporarily unable to fulfill his duties. Last week, the company denied reports that Wu had been barred from leaving China. Last month, China's insurance regulator barred the group's Anbang Life Insurance Co from applying to issue new products for three months. Anbang Life was cited for "disrupting market order" by designing a product that bypassed regulations aimed at curbing growth of short-term, risky universal life insurance products, the China Insurance Regulatory Commission said in a notice in early May. China's banking regulator did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment from Reuters. (Reporting by Tony Munroe; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - Fire crews were on the scene of a downtown house fire Friday night.
Scroll for more content...
It happened just before 10:00 near 13th and Orchard Streets in Terre Haute.
Firefighters tell News 10 everyone was out of the house by the time they arrived.
Crews tell us the fire was contained to the attic.
No injuries were reported.
The fire remains under investigation.
Two students from Woodland Park's Berkeley College will be featured on Lifetime's "Military Makeover" reality series.
You can catch their stories at 7:30 a.m. on April 30 and May 4, on Lifetime.
Grovert Fuentes of North Bergen graduated from Berkeley College with a Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing Communications in 2017. He served six years in the U.S. Air Force and developed his passion as a combat photographer. While stationed in Afghanistan, however, his unit was attacked and he sustained injuries that made it impossible to continue this line of work.
It was after his discharge from the service, knowing he needed to prepare for a new career, that he discovered Berkeley College and its office of Military and Veterans Affairs. At age 24, although he feared being the “old guy” in class, he found students of all ages and backgrounds. The experience helped him expand his perspectives.
Fuentes launched two businesses while a student-veteran at Berkeley College – Fit Lifestyle Box, a subscription-based service offering fitness-related products, and T-Print Express, a print shop. He switched to online classes to continue his studies while he devoted time to his startup businesses. His professors offered real-world business advice to help get those businesses up and running.
“I don't think I would have been able to start my businesses and remain in school without being able to take online classes,” Fuentes said. "Professors allowed me to use my business in class projects, which was extremely practical and helpful."
Many student-veterans like Fuentes share the value of giving back. Along with a fellow Berkeley College veteran alumnus, Fuentes speaks at engagements to encourage more soldiers and veterans to connect and take advantage of the resources and services offered through the College. For five consecutive years, U.S. News & World Report has named Berkeley College among the Best Colleges for Online Bachelor's Programs and among the Best Online Bachelor's Programs for Veterans.
“It's a network that is extremely valuable,” Fuentes said. “Veterans are always willing to help each other, and I've gained friends who support me all the time through the Berkeley veteran network.”
Shantol Coleman of Irvington is a student-veteran majoring in Health Services Management who is on track to complete her degree this year. She served in the U.S. Navy.
“Meeting students from different backgrounds who shared the same career goals was inspiring,” Coleman said. “I saw that I wasn't alone in the struggle to obtain my degree.”
As a new mother who also works full-time, Coleman discovered that taking online classes was the perfect way to fit an education into her busy life. She found Berkeley College online support resources and services convenient, including contacting professors.
“Balancing work and home life is a challenge, but taking classes online allows me to complete assignments at my own pace without feeling overwhelmed,” she said. “Often I complete my work at night when my little one is asleep.”
With her plans to work in health services management, Coleman advises other soldiers and veterans, “College isn't easy, but it's well worth it. Do your best and don't slack off.”
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
The City of Prague will broaden the area of the city in which Segway vehicles are banned, Mayor Adriana Krnáčová confirmed. The details of the extended ban will be discussed by city councillors on Tuesday. Prague banned Segways from the historic centre and a number of adjoining areas last July; the current plans will further limit use of the motorised vehicles in all of Prague 2 and will extend the ban eastward to the district of Prague 10.
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 14
<< "Inmates move to new jail" - "Repairs continue for roads damaged by Hurricane Matthew" >>
Nursing scholarship created
By Staff Reports
Published in News on February 14, 2017 9:55 AM
MOUNT OLIVE -- Wayne UNC Health Care and the University of Mount Olive have entered a strategic partnership that will help to qualify RNs earn their bachelor of science in nursing degree at a discounted rate.
The hospital has made an initial $50,000 investment into the Preferred Employer Tuition Gap Scholarship program.
The money will be used to supplement the educational costs of Wayne UNC employees seeking BSN degrees through the University of Mount Olive.
Qualifying scholarship recipientsmust have been employed as an RN at Wayne UNC for at least 12 months. Several additional requirements must be met to receive and continue receiving the scholarship fund, chief among This is continuing service with Wayne UNC for a specified time.
In addition, the university will offer each eligible participant a special Wayne UNC preferred employee tuition rate.
"The goal of the public-private partnership is to increase the number of nurses with a baccalaureate degree in order to create a higher educated workforce able to produce safe, quality care and coverage for all patients," said Dr. Joy Kieffer, UMO Division Chair and Associate Professor of Nursing.
A study published in The Journal of the American Medical Association revealed that "in hospitals with higher proportions of nurses educated at the baccalaureate level or higher, surgical patients experienced lower mortality and failure-to-rescue rates."
According to Ms. Kieffer, RN to BSN programs give nurses access to higher salaries, career advancement opportunities and sets the foundation for master's-level education and advanced practice licensure.
"As nurses take on a more critical role in the healthcare industry, our RN to BSN program is designed to help RNs advance their career without missing a beat in their daily lives," she said.
An RN will be able to transfer in most of the credit hours obtained during the associate degree nursing program from a community college. Up to 18 hours of general education credits may be required and up to 36 credit hours of core BSN education.
"Throughout its history, UMO has sought out strategic partnerships in the communities we serve to provide innovative educational opportunities," university President Dr. Philip P. Kerstetter said. "By partnering with Wayne UNC HealthCare, we are able to answer a national call for more BSN-educated nurses and make it easier for RNs in Wayne County to obtain an advanced degree."
"We are pleased to be able to provide our nurses with affordable and convenient access to the RN to BSN program at UMO," said Donna Wimberly, senior vice president of patient services and chief nursing officer at Wayne UNC Health Care. "This is an exciting partnership that will benefit not only our nurses, but also the communities we serve by providing a higher percentage of BSN-prepared nurses to care for our patients."
For more information, contact Ms. Kieffer at jkieffer@umo.edu.
Wayne UNC Health Care is a 316-bed community, not-for-profit hospital, which has been serving residents in Wayne County and surrounding areas for more than 120 years.
It operates under a management services agreement with UNC Health Care.
To learn more about the hospital, visit www.WayneHealth.org. To learn more about UNC Health Care, visit www.unchc.org.
The University of Mount Olive is a private institution rooted in the liberal arts tradition with defining Christian values.
The university, sponsored by the Convention of Original Free Will Baptists, has locations in Mount Olive, New Bern, Wilmington, Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, Research Triangle Park, Washington, Jacksonville, and in Smithfield at Johnston Community College.
For more information, visit www.umo.edu.
Last week on Dutch public broadcasting's KRO-NCRV, Hillary Clinton shot down the notion of Ivanka Trump becoming the first female president of the United States.
Partial transcript as follows:
HOST EVA JINEK: Apparently Ivanka Trump wants to be the first female President of the United States.
HILLARY CLINTON: That's not going to happen.
JINEK: No?
CLINTON: No.
JINEK: How come?
CLINTON: No, we don't want any more inexperienced Trumps in the White House.
JINEK: I would think normally I would like to believe what you are saying but I also learned after these elections that things that we don't except to happen sometimes do happen.
CLINTON: Well, that's true, but you know, fool me once shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. And I think the American people have seen for themselves what happens when a reality-TV candidate wins. I really believe there's an enormous amount of pent-up energy to take the country back away from the Trump administration.
(Corrects to fix typo in headline)
April 10 SVG Capital Plc:
* Results of tender offer
* 41.8 million shares validly tendered and will be purchased at a price per ordinary share of 715 pence, for a total cost of £298.6 million
* Buyback represents approximately 63.8 per cent of issued share capital of company
* Total issued share capital to be reduced from 65,445,000 ordinary shares to 23,682,995 ordinary shares.
* Will review methods of returning cash to shareholders, will consider a larger cash distribution to shareholders as part of winding-up of co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
C# Developer
C# Developer
The Company consists of ex-channel executives, business management consultants and digital strategy specialists, securing first round venture capital funding from private equity company Rational Expectations. Applying technological innovation to bring a fresh approach and business paradigm to the distribution environment, the company has conceptualized, and developed an IT distribution platform which integrates the sales, operations and financial functions of channel businesses, with that of their business partners.
An agile approach to software development with weekly sprints and deployments. Our developers work in small teams, building an open, diverse and collaborative work environment. Searching for highly motivated team players who want to make a difference, and be part of building a unique game-changing platform.
Technology set:
– C#
– ASP.NET
– AWS: AWS Lamda, SES, SQS, SNS, S3, EC2, IAM, Route53, Cloudwatch, Cloudtrain, Cloudfront
– MS SQL
– jQuery
– Javascript
– Json
– Angular
– Decoupled Micro Services
– Serverless architecture
– .NET core
– Node.js
What we're looking for in a developer:
– C#, ASP.NET, and SQL experience is critical
– Conceptual understanding of AWS architecture and decoupled Micro Services is required
– Node.js, jQuery and Javascript experience would be advantageous
– Exceptional problem-solving skills essential
– Scrum and sprint experience
Soft skills requirements:
– Fast-paced work ethic
– Adaptability and flexibility in deliverables
– Open to learning
– Good communication skills
– Ability to collaborate and work with others in small teams
– Ability to mentor junior staff is key
Experience:
At least 5 years' work experience.
Learn more/Apply for this position
× House OKs ‘Stop Gun Violence' vanity license plate
RICHMOND, Va. – Over the objections of eight Republicans, the House of Delegates on Friday approved the creation of a specialty license plate with the message “Stop Gun Violence.”
The House voted 89-8 with one abstention in favor of a bill to authorize the new plate and earmark proceeds from its sales to mental health and other services.
Del. Marcus Simon, D-Fairfax, sponsored House Bill 287. He said it would draw attention to problems caused by firearms.
“We have a culture in this country where we've started seeing gun violence on a daily basis,” Simon said. “It can get people thinking of what they can be doing to improve the gun violence epidemic that we have, unfortunately.”
Virginia has more than 250 types of specialty license plates. They include more than 90 for colleges and universities, more than 50 military-related plates and more than 110 plates promoting sports teams, nonprofit groups, communities and various causes.
Some of the plates are controversial. One says “Choose Life”; another says “Trust Women, Respect Choice.” There's a plate calling Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee “The Virginia Gentleman” and another for the National Rifle Association.
House Majority Leader Todd Gilbert and seven fellow Republicans voted against HB 287. During debate this week, Gilbert accused Simon of trying to score political points with his “little ol' license plate bill.”
“It is him trying to build a narrative that gun violence is somehow different from regular violence,” said Gilbert, a delegate from Shenandoah County.
Like other specialty plates, the “Stop Gun Violence” plate would cost $25 in addition to the regular vehicle registration fee. Most of the money would go to the state's Behavioral Health and Developmental Services Fund.
Under HB 287, those funds would be used to enhance “the quality of care and treatment provided to individuals receiving public mental health, developmental, and substance abuse services in Virginia.”
The bill now moves to the Senate for consideration.
The “Stop Gun Violence” plate is among more than a dozen additional types of specialty license plates under consideration in the General Assembly. Others include:
A plate declaring “I Support Women Veterans,” to benefit the Virginia Department of Veterans Services
A “National Wild Turkey Federation” plate, supporting the conservation of wild turkeys in Virginia
A plate providing funding for the Alzheimer's Association
A plate with the words “E Pluribus Unum” – the U.S. motto of “Out of many, one”
By Alexandra Sosik/Capital News Service
Capital News Service is a flagship program of VCU's Robertson School of Media and Culture. Students participating in the program provide state government coverage for Virginia's community newspapers and other media outlets, under the supervision of Associate Professor Jeff South.
Phantom Thread begins in the 1950s Mayfair at the breakfast table of Reynolds Woodcock (Daniel Day-Lewis), a renowned dressmaker with a habit for stitching hidden messages into his garments (inside his own blazer is a lock of the hair of his dead mother, whose presence is effectively the film's own ‘phantom'). As Reynolds sketches away, he grows increasingly irritated by the interjections of Johanna (Camilla Rutherford), a young woman who we take to be his girlfriend.
Reynolds, as it turns out, doesn't really do girlfriends. He sees women as dolls on which he can try out his beautiful dress designs; when he's done playing with them, they are ushered out by his sister Cyril (Lesley Manville), who is just about the only person that the short-tempered designer trusts. “What do you want to do about Johanna?” ventures Cyril to Reynolds later in the day – we get the sense that they've been here many times before. “She's lovely, but the time has come.” And that's that for Johanna.
Financially dependent on, but easily annoyed by, his upper-class clients, Reynolds makes a dash for the countryside. There, over a delightfully flirty breakfast order, he ensnares what he believes to be his newest plaything – the beautiful waitress Alma (Vicky Krieps). Back at the luxurious London townhouse that doubles as Reynold's home and studio, it seems inevitable that Alma will arrive at the same fate as her predecessors. Alma, however, has other ideas about how the relationship will play out.
There are four individuals in want of special commendation for their contributions to Phantom Thread. The first is director Paul Thomas Anderson, who also acts as screenwriter and cinematographer. It's fitting (and fittingly perverse) that a film about a controlling artist should exhibit such tight control over every aspect of its being – the script is sharp, the images elegantly composed – but, as fun as it is watching a master at work, Anderson's style never comes across as overbearing or detached. He understands the visceral quality of the extreme close up and when to use it, and knows that buttering toast can be just as painful to the ear as nails on a chalkboard.
The second individual worthy of praise is Anderson's indispensable collaborator Jonny Greenwood, whose orchestral score gives Phantom Thread so much of its distinctive character. Greenwood's music is just as elusive as the rest of the film: sometimes lush, sometimes haunting, and often tragically romantic.
The obvious third star is Daniel Day-Lewis, who is just as brilliant as he's always been. He brings to Reynolds Woodcock a vulnerability that might, in the hands of a lesser actor, been lost under the more obvious cruelty and fastidiousness of the character. Beneath the self-styled image of a controlling monster, Day-Lewis shows us a bolshie little boy unable to let go of his mother. If this does prove to be his last role – Day-Lewis announced his retirement during the film's production – it deserves to go down as one of his best.
But the film's real star is Vicky Krieps, who you'd think had been doing this stuff just as long as Day-Lewis from the fluency of her performance. She takes on a difficult role – a muse character who refuses to submit to his whims, exposed but defiant, playful and provocative – and plays it with such effortlessness it's easy to forget she's acting at all. She's also exceptionally funny, and her repartee with Day-Lewis and Manville transforms the film from weighty chamber drama to something altogether more enjoyable.
What exactly is that something? It's hard to say – Phantom Thread is a slippery film. It's at once a parable about the toxicity of the male artist, a period rom-com, a Henry James ghost story, and perhaps the kinkiest film ever made to feature no sex. At one point, it seems to be going down the path of feminist revenge tale (one, it should be noted, that has a lot more in common with Sofia Coppola's The Beguiled than just its exquisitely designed costumes). But even then the film doesn't play by the rules, settling on a subtly subversive conclusion that is both satisfying and troubling in equal measure.
It's only in these last scenes that the genius of Phantom Thread truly snaps into place; earlier sequences occasionally meander, even drag. That said, I have a sneaking suspicion that the film's payoff might lend itself to subsequent viewings – the ending works on first watch as a twist of sorts, but also provides a fascinating new lens through which to watch the film. Though Phantom Thread isn't quite Paul Thomas Anderson's best film, it might just be his most surprising.
Image: Universal Pictures
By Fr. G. Corwin Stoppel
Summer always brings back memories. Long days of time off school, which, after the first week or so, seemed long days of boredom.
One of the true joys of these lingering summer days comes near twilight when the first fireflies, or lightning bugs as they are sometimes called, rise out of the grass and weeds. As the evening grows darker and more emerge, they are a delight to watch. Children are fascinated by fireflies, as are adults who are willing to loosen up a bit after a day of work.
Perhaps you remember when you demanded to borrow a glass jar with a lid punctured with holes, so you could try to catch a few of the magic insects. They were elusive, and even parents who'd fuss about not wanting bugs brought into the house were content to let the younger generation run around on the lawn, burning off energy so they would fall asleep. Despite our protests, when it was time for bed the fireflies would be released “to be with their families.”
It is wonderful to live in a small town where children can go out and chase fireflies with little more than a caution to “watch out for cars.”
We don't have the high anxiety of gang violence, random shootings, kidnappings and crime. In fact, we so seldom think about it we don't realize how fortunate we are to live here. While we chase fireflies, people elsewhere watch for gunfire.
One thing I don't miss from when I was growing up are skunks. Every time the neighbors or ourselves had a barbecue or cookout, near the end of the night someone spotted Madame Skunk and a troop of offspring marching in our direction.
If the shout of “Shark!” drives people out of the water along those other two coastlines, the shout of “Skunk!” for us led to a scramble off of the picnic table and straight to the house. Through the windows we'd watch as the black-and-white brigade cleaned away the leftovers.
Nor do we get to hear the sound of those industrial-strength blue-light bug zappers like we did in the past. Mosquitoes and gnats sounded like popcorn; a June bug or beetle popped and rattled for a few seconds. You could hear it a block away. There was something satisfying in knowing the world had just been liberated from a few dozen mosquitoes.
As much as we might enjoy memories of summers past, the real question is what are we going to do to make new memories this summer. After all, it won't be that long before we start thinking of the Summer of 2017 as the “Good Old Days.”
While you figure out what you're creating for future stories, go chase some fireflies.
April 3 Enzymotec Ltd:
* Neptune and Enzymotec reach patent agreement ending all litigation
* Enzymotec Ltd - Enzymotec to make a one-time payment of us$1.63 million to Neptune
* Enzymotec Ltd - Enzymotec grants Neptune a worldwide and royalty-free license to its krill-related patents
* Enzymotec Ltd - Neptune extends Enzymotec's worldwide and royalty-free license to its krill-related patents
* Enzymotec Ltd - co, Neptune Technologies entered into broad patent cross-licensing agreement, which ends all outstanding litigation between companies Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
There could be another wedding in Southern Charm‘s future.
Since his split from ex Kathryn Dennis, Thomas Ravenel has found love with new girlfriend Ashley Jacobs — and she could be “the one,” according to castmate Cameran Eubanks.
“I think she might be. She moved across the country for him, so I think she might be the one,” Eubanks, 34, tells PEOPLE.
“She's all in,” Eubanks adds about Jacobs.
Although Eubanks hasn't had many interactions with Jacobs — “I was pregnant the whole season, so I kind of stayed back,” she shares — the new mom says she her fellow cast members agree that Jacobs is Ravenel's forever love.
This week, audiences will see Jacobs and Dennis meet for the first time one-to-one on the Bravo series, which Eubanks confirms will include some awkward moments.
“It will give you anxiety to watch,” she says. “I needed a drink.”
In the time since Eubanks became a mother herself —she welcomed daughter Palmer Corrine Wimberly on Nov. 11 — she admits her empathy for mother-of-two Dennis has grown. And when it comes to taking sides, Eubanks supports Dennis.
“I've obviously known Kathryn for longer. Being a new mother makes me see Kathryn in a much different light. Like, I feel like I have a lot more empathy for her now, just going through what she's gone through and being a single mother of two children,” Eubanks tells PEOPLE. “So yeah, I'm definitely more on Team Kat this year.”
WATCH: Kathryn Dennis Returns From Rehab During the Season Premiere of ‘Southern Charm'
Dennis was embroiled in a years-long custody battle with Ravenel, 55, with whom she shares daughter Kensie, 4, and son Saint, 2.
Although the exes don't see eye-to-eye, Eubanks is hopeful that Dennis — who fans witnessed enter rehab and has since been fully committed to proving her sobriety and commitment to her children — and Ravenel will reconcile.
“I hope so. They have two children, so they will inevitably be in each other's lives for the rest of their life,” says Eubanks, adding, “so I hope so — I think so.”
Southern Charm airs Thursdays (9 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
The whale has been stuck in Newfoundland since last fall, frozen and covered with snow for the winter months
A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
“The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next,” Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday.
“You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it.”
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that he estimates to be 25-30 feet.
“It would take a fairly fair sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot.”
The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard.
The beach is also a tourist attraction for its proximity to Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and ”the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial.”
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
But small communities like Nameless Cove, armed with tiny boats and a population under 100 people in northern Newfoundland, are faced with a difficult task when whales wash ashore.
Diamond said DFO officials visited the site last fall to assess the beached whale, leading many locals to believe they would return to remove the body in the spring. Then villagers were surprised and upset when DFO told them it fell outside the department's responsibility.
“It's like Russian roulette, whatever community it lands on, it's on you,” Diamond said.
So far, Diamond said the response from Service NL has been encouraging. But the town needs to move fast on the difficult removal, with or without the government's help.
“If they support it or if they don't, it's got to move,” said Diamond. “We'll see to it I guess.”
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Barton County Sheriff's Office Incident Log (10/5)
Non-Injury Accident
At 4:34 p.m. an accident was reported at 652 S. Main Street in Hoisington.
At 7:53 p.m. an accident was reported at Highway 4 & NW 120 Avenue.
Great Bend Police Department Incident Log (10/5)
Diabetic Problems
At 7:22 a.m. ambulance assistance was needed at 3500 21st Street.
Non-Injury Accident
At 10:19 a.m. an accident was reported at Broadway & Williams.
Warrant Arrest
At 11:02 a.m. Gwen Finningen was arrested at 1806 12th Street.
Theft
At 2:13 p.m. theft of money and a vehicle that was recovered in Winfield.
Warrant Arrest
At 4:09 p.m. Deana Coughlin was arrested on a warrant at 1806 12th Street.
Non-Injury Accident
At 5:41 p.m. an accident was reported at Broadway & McKinley Street.
At 6:34 p.m. an accident was reported at Washington & 10th Street.
Theft
At 10:43 p.m. Casey's General Store, 2716 10th Street, reported Colleta Mogbo left without paying for gasoline.
Criminal Damage
At 11:03 p.m. Aida Molena reported damage to her vehicle that occurred in May at 222 Baker Avenue. Total loss was $100.
BOGOTA May 3 Colombian state oil company Ecopetrol said on Wednesday it has discovered gas at an exploratory well it shares with U.S.-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp in deep waters in the Caribbean Sea, creating the possibility of developing a production cluster.
Ecopetrol and Anadarko made the discovery in areas located between 3,675 and 4,415 meters below sea level in the south Caribbean Sea, close to the Kronos-1 and Purple Angel-1 wells in adjacent blocks.
"The presence of a set of gas fields in the area opens the possibility for Colombia to develop a cluster specialized in gas production, which would allow sharing of facilities and improve the profitability and efficiency of the projects," Ecopetrol said in a filing with the financial regulator.
The Gorgon-1 exploratory well is part of the Purple Angel block.
Ecopetrol is among the top four oil companies in Latin America, with operations in Colombia, Brazil, Peru, and the United States in the Gulf of Mexico. (Reporting by Nelson Bocanegra and Helen Murphy; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
MORIOKA, Japan — Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini defeated Ben McLachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama in Saturday's doubles as Italy took a 2-1 lead over Japan in the first round of the Davis Cup.
After splitting Friday's opening singles, Italy gained the advantage after a 7-5, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 7-5 doubles victory.
The winning country advances to the quarterfinals while the loser will have to win a playoff to remain in next year's World Group.
Japan must now win both Sunday's reverse singles to advance and end a three-year drought that includes losses to Canada, Britain and France.
May 2 Admiral Boats SA:
* Said on Friday that its board filed in court in Gdansk a motion for bankruptcy
* The motion is related to, among others, failure of the company's management board to increase its share capital via the issue of series K shares
Source text for Eikon:,
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LOS ANGELES — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in his right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medallist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from his promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says he hurt his shoulder during the second round of his 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend his WBA lightweight title.
Italy has managed to avoid the brutal consequences of Islamist terrorism thanks to its decades-long war on powerful organized crime, according to a new article in the UK-based Economist magazine.
“The fight against Italy's formidably organised criminals has given its police a wealth of experience in monitoring tightly knit target groups,” the article states. “It was enhanced by the campaign to subdue the left- and right-wing terrorists who wrought havoc in Italy in the 1970s and 1980s.”
advertisement
Despite repeated threats against Italy, and Rome in particular, the Islamic State has so far been thwarted in its efforts to bring down the wrath of Allah on the Italian peninsula.
In one of its videos titled “Meeting at Dabiq,” the Islamic State portrayed its vision of the end of the world culminating in an epic battle in Rome between Islam and the West. The film depicted Islamist militants marching toward Rome's Coliseum and foretold of a final battle for world domination to be fought in Rome between Islamist true believers and Western “crusaders.”
Yet although Italy is a prime target for jihadists, it stands out as one of the only European countries to have never suffered loss of life to Islamic terrorism.
According to the Economist, experience with the Mafia has “encouraged judges to take a more expansive attitude than in other European countries to issuing warrants for wiretaps and particularly to the electronic surveillance of suspects' conversations.”
“Italy's recent history may also explain its hardline approach to apologists for terrorism,” it reads.
But experts suggest that Italy's experience with the Mafia does not fully explain its success in eluding Islamic terrorist attacks.
“The main difference is Italy doesn't have a big population of second-generation immigrants that have been radicalised or could potentially be radicalised,” said Francesca Galli, an assistant professor at Maastricht University and an expert in counter-terrorism policies.
According to the Pew Research Center, Italy's Muslim population is only about half that of France, both as a percentage of its overall population and in absolute terms. The percentage of Muslims living in Italy is also substantially lower than it is Germany, Belgium, or Great Britain.
A smaller Muslim population means that ghettoized areas that have become seedbeds of Islamic terror in Paris's St. Denis area or the Molenbeek district of Brussels simply do not exist in Italy. With its current crisis of mass immigration from northern Africa, the situation in Italy may be different in the future, but for the moment there are fewer opportunities for Islamic radicalization in Italy.
Italian counterterrorism units are also notoriously unapologetic about adopting measures that more squeamish cultures shy away from, another result of years of fighting organized crime. Strategic and tactical differences include a greater willingness to profile potential terrorists and to immediately deport foreigners who pose a terror threat.
According to the Italy's interior ministry, counterterrorism forces stopped and questioned 160,593 people between March 2016 to March 2017. They also interrogated some 34,000 people at airports and arrested around 550 suspected terrorists, sentencing 38 on terrorism charges. They have also shut down over 500 websites while monitoring nearly half a million more.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va - As parents flocked to Huguenot High School Monday morning following reports of a school threat that turned out to be false, many voiced concern that the school district did not notify parents of what was happening at the school.
Huguenot High School parents expressed frustration directly to Richmond Public Schools Superintendent Jason Kamras during an afternoon update he held for parents. Multiple parents told CBS 6 they heard about the situation from their students, who were locked down inside the building.
"You haven't found a gun, a pop gun, a dart gun, BB gun or nothing. . . You got all these parents here, but ain't nobody told us anything!” said Artie Cofield.
"I want my child out of here. I've been out here for two and a half hours, and somebody just came and said something. Just now. And it's not fair to us at all,” said Antoinette Brooks.
CBS 6 took those parents concerns to RPS.
School officials said it has always been their policy to alert parents to potential threats after the police have given the all clear. The exception, according to school officials, is if students are in danger and need to be evacuated, which was not the case Monday at Huguenot.
"It allows us to share the most up to date and accurate information possible with our parents. Sharing information prematurely only fuels the rumors and adds to misinformation,” Kenita Bowers, Director of Communications for RPS, wrote in an email to CBS 6.
Following a school lockdown, Bowers said RPS Safety and Security officials meet with Richmond Police to conduct and internal debrief of the specific situation. Bowers said threat assessments are "routinely conducted to identify areas of improvement.”
Cofield said in the event of a potential threat, school officials should notify parents earlier in the process.
"I wouldn't have known anything. I was just going to the UPS Store to mail something back to Amazon,” he said. "My kid has never ridden the bus since he's been in school, but you'll call me and tell me when bus 239 is late. You'll call me for everything else, but [not] something that's like this.”
Richmond Police said the initial call came into dispatch shortly after 10:30 a.m. about a threat made inside the school. RPS officials said someone reported to police that someone had threatened another person with a weapon.
Huguenot High School was placed on lockdown for several hours while RPD did a thorough sweep of the building. Officials said no weapon was found.
RPS said they continue to investigate the incident, and appropriate disciplinary action would be taken pending the outcome of that investigation.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's would-be coalition partners want to tighten sanctions on companies in cases of employee misconduct by increasing fines to up to 10 percent of company revenues for large firms from an upper limit of 10 million euros, according to a coalition paper.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) are negotiating on forming a coalition government more than four months after a national election. They hope to come to an agreement in the coming days that will then be put to the SPD's roughly 440,000 members to vote on.
A A
Almost every day, Clark County Councilor John Blom drives down Northeast Fourth Plain Boulevard and sees a vacant piece of property that has two potentials.
For over a decade, the county has been mulling plans to build a road connecting 65th Street to Kerr Road that could improve traffic flows on the busy thoroughfare while reducing accidents.
But Blom also sees the potential to build a new commercial development on the lot that would create economic activity.
In coming months, the county council and staff will consider the potentially competing visions for the lot. Last fall, Asghar Sadri, who owns 20 acres of land on the lot through trusts, requested that the county not build part of the planned road so that he could pursue building a 288-spot RV park and 7,000 square feet of retail space.
Doing so will require amendments to the county's arterial atlas and comprehensive plan, documents that guide growth and roadway development. Removing the road from the arterial atlas could have an impact on traffic flows elsewhere.
“In general, removing an arterial is never something to be done lightly,” said Blom of the proposed amendment.
According to Community Planning Director Oliver Orjiako, county staff began reviewing the proposal after the county council decided to include it with other potential amendments to the comprehensive plan. The council will review them this fall and either approve or reject them.
Christie BrownSilva, president of the nearby Sifton Neighborhood Association, said that traffic on Fourth Plain is definitely a problem, and congestion on the route affects other thoroughfares. She said that she expects more development along Fourth Plain and more traffic.
“I still think this extension needs to come through,” she said.
Plans for the road have been a long time coming. According to county documents, the Washington State Department of Transportation and the county began looking at safety issues at the intersection of state Highway 500 and Northeast 124th Avenue in 2000. At the time, there had been 75 accidents at the location in six years, resulting in 42 injuries.
One of the proposed solutions to the safety situation at the intersection included amending the Clark County arterial atlas to add an extension connecting Northeast 65th Street to Kerr Road and WSDOT set aside $400,000 for the county to purchase the right of way for the project. County commissioners rejected the idea in 2005.
But in 2011, commissioners signed off on building a connecting road from Northeast 65th Street to Kerr Road to provide a travel route alternative and complementary circulation pattern.
In 2015 and 2016, Sadri acquired four parcels of land in the vacant lots the extension is planned to run through. Last year, his attorney, Steve Morasch, who also serves as chair of the county's Planning Commission and declined to comment for this story, requested that the county remove part of the proposed road from the arterial atlas.
In November, the county council conducted a work session on the topic but backed off from approving it for review until January. Part of the concern was that the county would have to pay back the $400,000 that WSDOT paid to acquire the right of way for the road. But Chris Horne, chief civil deputy prosecuting attorney, later found that the agreement with WSDOT only covered the extension from Northeast 121st Avenue to Northeast 124th Avenue.
“At this point, we're kind of waiting to get additional feedback,” said Councilor Julie Olson, who added that one essential question is if the road is even necessary.
Matt Hermen, a county planner, said that later this spring the Planning Commission will consider the idea and it will be referred the council in the fall.
“The big part of this is there be public involvement so people can voice concerns or support,” said Hermen.
There are two other proposed changes to the county's arterial atlas. One would develop a better route for industrial traffic near Northeast 72nd Avenue and Northeast 119th Street. Another is intended to create a traffic collector on Northeast 107th Street between state Highway 503 and Northeast 137th Avenue.
Blom, whose district encompasses the proposed road, noted that although he received a campaign contribution from the property owner, he'll still be proceeding cautiously. He said that it's possible the project might not work out or plans for development might change.
“How do we tie it to the development as a whole in a way that makes sense,” he said. For right now, he stressed, “The only decision that's been made is we are going to make a decision.”
HONG KONG and Chinese regulators are set to formally unveil a long-awaited scheme to connect China's $8 trillion bond market with overseas investors in July, with the launch expected in the Autumn, sources told Reuters.
The announcement is planned to coincide with the 20th anniversary of the handover of the former British Colony from British to Chinese rule, which is considered by the Chinese authorities to be an auspicious date, two people briefed on the matter said.
Plans for a "Bond Connect" programme have been percolating since Beijing launched a scheme allowing two-way trading between the Hong Kong and Shanghai stock markets in 2014, but the authorities have provided few details on the mechanics or the timeline.
Historically, the Chinese government has announced major projects with Hong Kong around the time of the July 1 anniversary, as a means of reinforcing the former British Colony's close relationship with the mainland.
Market participants in Hong Kong said they were preparing for the scheme to go-live around November, which would coincide with the third anniversary of the launch of the Hong Kong-Shanghai Stock Connect share trading scheme.
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority, Hong Kong's bond market regulator, said in a statement it was working with the mainland authorities on the Bond Connect scheme and would make an announcement in due course. The People's Bank of China declined to comment.
The sources did not elaborate on the details of the Bond Connect scheme, but Reuters reported last year the Hong Kong stock exchange was in talks with Tradeweb, a fixed income trading platform, to connect to China's over-the-counter bond market, citing sources.
"HKEX is progressing with the preparatory work for Bond Connect under the guidance of the Mainland and Hong Kong authorities," a spokesman for the HKEX said.
"An announcement will be made by the relevant parties at an appropriate time."
(Reporting by Michelle Price; Editing by Sam Holmes)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but he says they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," he says. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
At age 14, Leger was sick of "playing to the wall." He decided to try his chances at local coffee nook for Friday open stage night.
No one was here except the two hosts who were a little older than Leger. He played to some high school friends, including a few of his originals and some covers.
"I played "Pocahontas" by Neil Young," he recalls. "I guess I was feeling very cocky or something because I also played (Bob Dylan's) "Desolation Row." I don't know. It's kind of funny to think of all of the songs I would pick that."
The café offered Leger Wednesdays where he worked for coffee and juice.
"It was really a lot of fun. It helped me get comfortable playing in front of people and it also helped me with projecting because they did not have any microphones, or PA. You had to sing out in the air," says Leger.
"I thought I was going to be getting out of high school and I was going to be a big deal," Leger says.
"In my mind the industry was still alive and well. I was just so used to reading old history books and being obsessed with artists and bands. Likely most of them were even dead by then."
Leger proudly writes his songs on old typewriters.
"I am also a pen and paper guy," he says.
"I always had notebooks and stuff. Recently my girlfriend brought me a typewriter. That is fun because it is a different rhythm and it makes me write differently. There is a percussiveness about it that will get something out from a different area of my mind," he says.
"It's an old '60s Olivetti like the one that Cormac McCarthy and Leonard Cohen used. I like the feel of it," says Leger.
He has read a lot of Beat Generation authors like Jack Kerouac and loved listening to their recordings in addition to the "Word Jazz" of Ken Nordine. Hence, Leger's spoken word/music side projects, the Del Fi's and the Bop Fi's. They feature poetry written and spoken by Leger with his friends providing a backdrop of jazz.
Leger's discography includes DIY debut album "Jerry and The Situation" (2005) and "Farewell Ghost Town" (2006). His sophomore album included Ron Sexsmith on piano, and multi-instrumentalist Fergus Hambleton of The Satellites.
Leger and his band — The Situation, featuring multi-instrumentalist James McKie, bassist Dan Mock and drummer Kyle Sullivan — honed their chops playing countless Toronto bars. They made many friends in Toronto's music community including Josh Finlayson of The Skydiggers. That resulted in 2008's "You, Me and The Horse," co-produced by Finlayson and longtime collaborator Tim Bovaconti. The album led to more exposure and radio guest spots in Nashville and Tennessee. In 2010, Leger released "Traveling Grey" followed by "Some Folks Know" (2012).
In 2013, Finlayson introduced Leger to Cowboy Junkies member/songwriter/producer Michael Timmins who signed Leger to his label Latent Recordings which resulted in critically acclaimed 2014 release "Early Riser" featuring more of Leger's solid songwriting supplemented with a textured, infectious roots/rock sound.
Leger's latest release, "Nonsense and Heartache," was longlisted for the 2017 Polaris Music Prize and features special guest vocalist Angie Hilts.
It's a double-album showcase of Leger: Mellow, folkier sounds on the "Heartache" half ("Pawn Shop Piano," "Lucy and Little Billy The Kid") and searing roots and blues rock leanings on the "Nonsense" side ("The Big Smoke Blues," "She's The Best Writer You've Never Heard Of".)
Leger's says there's a lot of mutual respect between himself and Timmins.
"He keeps you on track with energy and performance," he notes. "We love the same kind of music. We listen to a lot of the same records and we like going about a lot of things the same way."
A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday
Firefighters kept a wall of flames from descending mountains into coastal neighbourhoods after a huge and destructive Southern California wildfire exploded in size, becoming the fifth largest in state history.
Thousands remained under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churned west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, seaside Santa Barbara County towns about 75 miles (120 kilometres) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's rapid new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest, where the state's fourth largest fire burned a decade ago.
The blaze, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday, officials said. It's just 10 per cent contained after charring nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometres) of dry brush and timber.
“We're still anxious. I'm not frightened yet,” Carpinteria resident Roberta Lehtinen told KABC-TV. “I don't think it's going to come roaring down unless the winds kick up.”
Forecasters predicted that dry winds that fanned several fires across the region for a week would begin to lose their power Monday. But the possibility of “unpredictable” gusts would keep firefighters on edge for days, Santa Barbara County Fire spokesman Mike Eliason said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Containment increased on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the stubborn and enormous fire that started Dec. 4.
Related: Higher winds could complicate California wildfire fight
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. Brown and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times, and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
Related: Winds churn explosive California wildfires
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: The death of a 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighbourhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Christopher Weber, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
[India], December 12 (ANI): A Kashmiri student was elected as the vice president of the Aligarh Muslim University students' union after results were declared late on Monday night.
Sajad Subhan Rather, a History PhD student, won the post after defeating M.Com student Faisal Nadeem, Rao Faraz Waris from M.Tech, Master of Finance and Control (MFC) student Vikrant Johari and Aijaz Ahmed, PhD.
"We will create pressure on the government by raising voice on the issue of mob lynching. My success is not merely mine but it is the success of all the students of AMU. I want to see each and every citizen to reach new heights in their lives," Rather said.
Meanwhile, Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) student Mashkoor Ahmad Usmani was appointed as the president of the student union. "At present, the situation of the country we are dealing with, we are standing together to fight in a democratic way," Usmani, a resident of Bihar, said. For the secretary's post, Mohammad Fahad, an Agro-business student, was elected. The elections for the students' union of Aligarh Muslim University were held on Monday. Out of total 18,188 students, about 5,005 belonged to the engineering faculty while 3,196 were from the social science department. (ANI)
A mother told not to breastfeed her baby at a GAA match says she was left "shocked" and "embarrassed".
Iseult Mangan was asked by an official at last weekend's Kildare/Mayo match to go to the toilets if she wanted to nurse her child.
Other staff came to her aid and told her breastfeeding is welcome.
Iseult says she felt upset at the whole situation:
President Jimmy Carter once used a comic strip to joke that he wanted to be a “former president” when he grew up, noting that life in office can be stressful, while service afterward using the presidential platform can be extremely rewarding.
But the Nobel laureate, who has racked up honors for his humanitarian work through the Carter Center, last month was officially recognized once again for his strength of character while holding the reins of power.
Argentinian President Mauricio Macri in March moved to honor the former president with the Order of the Liberator San Martin, Grand Cross, the country's highest honor, for his commitment to human rights.
In mid-November, Argentinian Secretary of Human Rights and Cultural Pluralism Claudio Avruj traveled to Atlanta to give Mr. Carter the medal during a decoration ceremony at the Carter Center.
It's a fitting topic for Mr. Carter, who has been committed to the promotion of democracy and human rights for decades (often sparking controversy with his outspoken views on topics like Palestine and Israel or electoral politics in Venezuela.)
But the topic has a particular resonance for Argentina. Mr. Carter's election year, 1976, coincided with the rise of a military dictatorship that presided over tens of thousands of “disappearances” of political opponents. These arbitrary detainments, conduct without any due process, often ended in the deaths of the accused.
In a news release, the Argentine foreign ministry said Mr. Carter's administration put forth a policy framework that allowed State Department staff to stand against the actions of the right-wing junta that took over under the guise of national restoration.
The head of the political section of the U.S. embassy at the time, Allen “Tex” Harris, accepted the same award during the presidency of Nestor Kirchner. Mr. Harris told CNN in April the Carter human rights policy saved lives and helped accelerate the end of Jorge Rafael Videla's dictatorship.
During an acceptance speech in Atlanta, Mr. Carter said he'd been to Argentina eight times and praised the country's progress on human rights while outlining actions taken during his presidency, according to a release from the Argentina foreign ministry.
The award itself, though, has come with a bit of controversy. Originally slated to be bestowed during Mr. Macri's visit to Washington in April, CNN en Espanol cited unnamed sources in reporting that U.S. President Donald Trump had nixed the ceremony. Scheduling conflicts during the brief visit were cited as the official reason for the change, but CNN said the request for came directly form the White House.
Martin Lousteau, the former ambassador interviewed by Global Atlanta earlier year, pushed for the decoration, according to a notice in the government's official gazette.
A source that informed CNN of the scheduling change in April said Mr. Macri had agreed not to award Mr. Carter the decoration in Washington to “avoid conflicts” and focus on shared priorities.
That's in line with what Mr. Lousteau told Global Atlanta during a visit to Georgia in January, when he said the two former businessmen (who have been seen as too cozy by some) had a close relationship that should help them get along smoothly. (Mr. Lousteau also delivered a critique of populism in that discussion — Read: Argentine Ambassador Foresees Little Conflict With Trump Administration)
Locally, the Carter award ceremony in mid-November was part of a broader “Argentina Week” of business and cultural activities, including the “Globalization Crossroads” event on Argentina's tech industry sponsored by the Georgia State University CIBER.
March 29 USU Software AG:
* Announces final figures for 2016 - dividend increases to 0.40 euros per share
* Medium-term planning anticipates consolidated revenue of 140 million euros ($151.09 million) and adjusted EBIT of more than 20 million euros by 2020
* Expects company to maintain its sales at above overall market level in current fiscal year while continuing to improve its operating earnings
* Guidance for 2017 anticipates consolidated sales in range of 83-88 million euros and adjusted EBIT of 10-11.5 million euros
* Will propose an increase in dividend for 2016 of around 15 pct to 0.40 euros per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9266 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
“It's wild. I'm insanely young to be doing all this stuff. I'm very humbled that I'm going through all this. I didn't expect it at such a young age.”
That sounds so self-aware; performing a big role in an international series must make you grow up quickly. “To a certain extent, yes, and I've definitely had my independence here and there. But I'm still a kid,” she says, sounding anything but. “I mess around all the time. I am the child on set, which I think is great. I don't want to lose that just yet.”
This is Amybeth McNulty, the now 16-year-old Donegal actor who has just finished work on season two of Anne with an E. She got her big international break two years ago when she was cast from more than 1,800 girls auditioning internationally to win the title role of the critically acclaimed Netflix series – whose new season starts streaming on Friday – based on Anne of Green Gables, the 1908 novel by the Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery. McNulty auditioned first online from home in Donegal, and later in Toronto.
Anne with an E is the creation of the Breaking Bad screenwriter Moira Walley-Beckett. Her plots are a grittier and darker reimagining of the original novel
Landing that role threw her into a world far removed from her life in Ireland, but she seems to have managed just fine in the intervening couple of years. Despite being a child on set, she seems wise almost beyond her years, smoothly handling the interview circuit, answers crisply at the ready, with more mid-Atlantic twang than Donegal lilt in her voice.
Anne with an E, the most recent adaptation of the enduringly popular novel, is the creation of the Emmy-winning Breaking Bad screenwriter and producer Moira Walley-Beckett. Her plots for the first series were a grittier and darker reimagining of Montgomery's original, but the core remained: an ageing, emotionally repressed brother and sister – the ultrashy Matthew Cuthbert (RH Thomson) and austere Marilla Cuthbert (Geraldine James) – decide to adopt an orphan boy because they need labour on their farm, Green Gables, on Prince Edward Island, in eastern Canada. They unexpectedly get a girl, the hilariously earnest Anne – red-haired and pigtailed, smart, talkative and imaginative.
Anne's vivid imagination is both charming and her survival technique, and the first season of this adaptation was a sadder, more realistic story, as we might expect from one of the creators of Breaking Bad.
Walley-Beckett brought a 21st-century sensibility to a story set in the 1890s, illuminating the “accidental feminist” within Anne, and reflecting on the effects of the cruelty and neglect and of her early childhood.
Working with Walley-Beckett was inspirational, Amybeth says. “She's such a wonderful, strong woman and incredibly talented in her writing. So I felt very honoured that I was able to add a voice to her material.” Walley-Beckett conceived the second season with an all-women writers' room.
Netflix says the second season will further explore “themes of identity, prejudice, feminism, bullying, gender parity and empowerment through the lens of its fierce, starry-eyed, irrepressible 14-year-old protagonist”.
Amybeth herself says, “We're definitely bringing forward more topics that I'm really excited to talk about. For example, racism, sexuality, bullying in general are topics that I am very passionate about. I'm glad I get to have this platform to discuss them, and that comes with the new characters that are being involved into our story, which will be great.”
Anne with an E: Amybeth McNulty stars in the Netflix series with HR Thomson and Geraldine James
Amybeth was born and bred in Donegal to an Irish father and Canadian mother, from Calgary. Home is in the countryside near Letterkenny. Stage started early, with ballet and amateur performances at An Grianán Theatre in Letterkenny and, later, musicals by the writer and composer Paul Boyd. She played Marta von Trapp in The Sound of Music at Regent's Park Open Air Theatre, in London. Her first screen performance was in the four-part RTÉ series Clean Break, and she has also been in Agatha Raisin for Sky and The Sparticle Mystery for CBBC.
An only child, she has been “home-schooled all my life. I've never been to school.” Hers is a very different experience from that of most children, but “it's wonderful. I've really enjoyed it, and I don't think I've missed out on anything. I have great social interactions and all that sort of stuff.” Most of her education now is online, which must involve incredible discipline. “It's kind of self-discipline. When I'm 18 I don't get any more school time on set, so you only have a limited time to do it. You learn every day, and so I don't think of it as a chore. I think of it as a great learning experience. I love learning about everything. It's great.”
I'd like to talk about life in Donegal, being plucked from a rural home-schooled background and adapting to the world of international screen production, but the Netflix PR woman is having none of it and jumps in. The machine will not allow for deviation from discussing the series.
Amybeth gives a translucent performance as the forthright child who deals with ‘never belonging to anybody' with character and imagination
Amybeth is self-possessed and on message. “We definitely leave off the book in the second episode of the first season, and we definitely have our own storyline hidden in the air at the end of the first season, so that's what we deal with in the second season. Obviously we're basing it kind of on the books, but it's reimagined by Moira, so we have new characters and topics and storylines coming in that weren't in the books.”
The second season was shot, like the first, in studio in Toronto and on location outside the city and on Price Edward Island. Anne “is 14 now, so she's definitely growing up and she's maturing. She's not quite letting her imagination go yet, but it's interesting to see the struggles she goes through as a normal teenager now, instead of an orphan looking for a home. She's now experiencing normal life. It's very topical and very relatable for me, and I'm sure it will be for many teenagers to watch.”
The contemporary topics it deals with were issues in the 1900s, and “we are bringing them in in modern fashion, to make them more relatable”. At the time “I think they weren't as talked about and they weren't as open. Anne is a very intriguing character to bring forward these issues specifically, because she's a young girl whose voice wouldn't have been listened to, because she's an orphan and she's gone through all these troubles, and no one is going to listen to her opinion. And having the viewers watch her be so passionate about these topics” works well. “I personally love playing these scenes, and I love starting these topics with families who might be watching the show together. I think that's an awesome opportunity.”
And Anne could grow up even more. “We could keep the story going for a very long time, and that's what we're hoping for. We're not sure about future seasons at this time, but I would hope so. I would really like to explore her more as she gets to 17 and 18.”
The series is beautifully made, with excellent performances, and Amybeth is outstanding, giving a translucent performance as the forthright child who deals with “never belonging to anybody” with character and imagination.
Her future is surely in acting, but she is keeping her options open and being mature about it. “I think it's dependent on where life takes me. For sure, I absolutely adore acting. It has been my passion from a very young age. But at the same time I am very intrigued by the camera, and also very intrigued by props. So I might perhaps go into that kind of genre, while also staying and doing acting every so often. So I think if I'm lucky enough to get more jobs, for sure I will go on with it. But I'm looking forward to a camera school where I can learn everything I need to know and get into the business that way.”
That might be in Ireland, which “has always been my base. Really, it depends on where I am when I'm 18. Who knows where I'll go and where I'll be working? Ireland would be a really great place to learn, for sure. There are some really great colleges that I'd be happy to go to.”
For now she's straddling two worlds but is glad to get home to Donegal. “I love coming home, sleeping in my own bed, seeing my own family and friends again. It feels like a big comfort for me.”
The second season of Anne with an E is available on Netflix from Friday, July 6th
PARIS (Reuters) - The Roman Catholic archbishop of Lyon acknowledged shortcomings in his response to a paedophilia scandal in his archdiocese and said more rigorous checks were in place to prevent past errors in the appointment of priests being repeated.
In an interview with Le Monde, published ahead of the Aug. 15 Feast of the Assumption celebration, Cardinal Philippe Barbarin reiterated that he had never concealed acts of sexual abuse by Father Bernard Preynat, a priest under his authority.
Preynat is accused of sexually abusing Catholic boy scouts during the 1980s and early 1990s. He is due to appear before a court next month. Preynat's lawyer has said the priest admits the abuse but that the cases have passed the legal statute of limitations when they were reported.
Prosecutors in 2016 extensively questioned Barbarin, one of France's top Catholic clerics, over why Preynat's activities had not been reported to civil authorities earlier before dropping their investigation into allegations of a cover-up.
Barbarin told Le Monde he became aware of Preynat's activities in 2007. When he "knocked on doors" for advice nobody gave him a satisfactory answer, he said.
"I myself realise that my response at the time was inadequate," Barbarin told the newspaper.
No priest would again be welcomed into his archdiocese without written assurance from their bishop that there was no complaint or criminal conviction against them, Barbarin said. Compulsory training has also been introduced for priests under his authority.
Barbarin has been summoned as a witness on the request of the victims who filed the complaint against Preynat.
Barbarin said he understood their anger.
"Their suffering is as painful today as it was 30 years ago. For them, it is appalling and unacceptable that he was allowed to carry on serving as a priest," Barbarin said.
The archbishop said he respected next month's summons and urged Pope Francis to meet the victims at a later date too
Sexual abuse of children by Roman Catholic priests first made headlines in the U.S. in 2002, when a newspaper investigation revealed U.S. bishops had moved abusers from parish to parish instead of defrocking them.
Ten people have died and 15 are injured after a vehicle struck pedestrians in Toronto.
At least five of those hurt are in a critical condition.
Witnesses say the vehicle swerved across four lanes to hit passers-by "deliberately".
Mon Apr23 1:45pm police responded to van striking multiple pedestrians Yonge St & Finch St Toronto~At 4:30pm press conference Deputy Chief Peter Yuen confirmed 9 people are dead & 16 injured~Van driver arrested~POLICE ASK PUBLIC TO REFRAIN FROM CALLING 911 UNLESS EMERGENCY ^sm pic.twitter.com/ZyAJS8rQDv — Toronto Police (@TorontoPolice) April 23, 2018
Officers say they have arrested the driver of the van but have not given any details on age, gender or possible motive.
Footage from the scene appears to show a man being arrested.
Police were called just before 1.30pm local time (7.30pm Irish time) to the corner of Yonge Street and Finch Avenue, a busy area north of downtown Toronto, where the van mounted the pavement and hit pedestrians.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says it's a tragedy.
Our thoughts are with all those affected by the terrible incident at Yonge and Finch in Toronto. Thank you to the first responders working at the scene – we're monitoring the situation closely. — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) April 23, 2018
He released a statement on Twitter, saying: "Our thoughts are with all those affected by the terrible incident at Yonge and Finch in Toronto. Thank you to the first responders working at the scene - we're monitoring the situation closely."
Altuve hit 3 homers, Astros beat Red Sox 8-2 in ALDS opener
By KRISTIE RIEKEN
HOUSTON (AP) _ Jose Altuve hit three home runs in an unprecedented show of power for the diminutive major league batting champion as the Houston Astros roughed up Chris Sale and the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Thursday in Game 1 of the AL Division Series.
Buoyed by chants of “MVP” in each trip to the plate, the 5-foot-6 Altuve hit solo homers in the first and fifth innings off Sale. He connected again in the seventh off reliever Austin Maddox to give Houston a quick boost in the best-of-five series.
It was just the 10th time a player hit three homers in a postseason game.
Despite his size, Altuve couldn't be a bigger leader for the Astros. He's one of the few players remaining who languished through a rebuilding process that led to three straight 100-loss seasons from 2011-13, and is perhaps the biggest reason this team ran away with the AL West title this year.
Justin Verlander pitched six effective innings to remain unbeaten since Houston got him in late trade with Detroit. Sale, the major league strikeout leader, was tagged for seven runs in five-plus innings of his postseason debut.
By JANIE HAR
Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The state of California and city of San Francisco are suing the U.S. Department of Justice over President Donald Trump's sanctuary city restrictions on public safety grants.
In a news conference Monday, Attorney General Xavier Becerra and City Attorney Dennis Herrera, both Democrats, announced the lawsuit, which makes California the first state to challenge the administration on its sanctuary city policy of denying funds to cities that limit cooperation with enforcement of U.S. immigration laws.
Chicago filed a similar suit last week, arguing that the Trump administration's bid to withhold public safety grants from so-called sanctuary cities is illegal.
Baltimore and others are trying to prove to the White House they aren't sanctuary cities and qualify for crime-fighting help.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the Trump administration "will not simply give away grant dollars to city governments that proudly violate the rule of law and protect criminal aliens."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
New Delhi: Rahul Gandhi has been elected Congress president unopposed, announces Mullappally Ramachandran, Congress leader. "Eighty-nine nomination proposals were received, all were valid. Since there was only one candidate. I hereby declare Rahul Gandhi elected as the president of Indian National Congress," he said.
The 47-year-old Gandhi will be the sixth Nehru-Gandhi scion to helm the party. His mother and incumbent party president Sonia Gandhi had signed the first nomination paper for the election of her son.
In all, over 90 sets of nominations were said to have been filed supporting Gandhi before the deadline expired at 3 pm on December 4. Had there been any contest, today (December 11) would have been the last date for withdrawal. Since there was no other nomination, Rahul has been declared elected today. The BJP says this was an election that he was bound to win since dynastic succession is the norm. The BJP says this was an election that he was bound to win since dynastic succession is the norm.
In a nearly unanimous vote, the Arizona House of Representatives expelled a Republican member after a report found he engaged in a pattern of sexual harassment.
Scroll for more content...
The chamber voted 56-3 to oust Republican Rep. Don Shooter on Thursday, marking the first time a state lawmaker has been expelled from office since the start of the #MeToo movement. Recently, US senators and representatives in Washington who faced sexual allegations and ethics investigations chose to resign or not run for reelection.
CNN's calls to Shooter's office were redirected to the House majority staff's communications office, which refereed CNN to a statement by the Republican House speaker, J.D. Mesnard, in which he announced his push for Shooter's expulsion. Mesnard's statement referred to a letter Shooter wrote regarding the allegations against him as "a clear act of retaliation and intimidation, and yet another violation of the House's harassment policy."
Shooter told the Associated Press he did not do anything to deserve expulsion.
"I've had two, three months to think about this. I did wrong, I deserve a censure," Shooter said. "But I'll tell you this. I was sent here by the people of District 13. And to the best of my knowledge, I've never betrayed that trust, never, never. Not for monkey business, not for contributions, not for influence, not for power, not for anything.
On the House floor, before the vote was final, Shooter pleaded for the House to allow him to stay.
"I've said stupid things. I've done stupid things. I stood on the carpet, I took it like a man, I apologized," Shooter said. "I can't go back to the past. I can't change it. But I can change the future if given the opportunity."
He then dropped his microphone and left the statehouse smiling, according to local CNN affiliate KNXV.
Several women, including fellow Republican Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita, who was the first to go public with her allegations, accused Shooter of making inappropriate comments, unwanted sexual advances, or crude gestures either directed at them or in their presence over his nearly seven years in the Arizona legislature.
The allegations against Shooter prompted Mesnard to call for an investigation last fall.
The investigation's findings were finally released in a report Tuesday, which concluded that there was credible evidence Shooter had violated the House's policy on sexual harassment, but said not all allegations "are supported by independent, credible evidence."
Ugenti-Rita accused Shooter of commenting as she left a caucus meeting to breastfeed, "That's one lucky baby. I wish I was that baby," according to the report. Ugenti-Rita also alleged that for Christmas in 2011, Shooter gave her a bottle of tequila and a Christmas card that referenced a country song by Kenny Chesney, "You and Tequlia," with the lyrics "you and tequila make me crazy."
Another female Arizona lawmaker, Athena Salman, alleged that during her first interaction with Shooter on the House floor, he told her, "You'll be a nice view to look at," according to the report.
Following the report's release, Mesnard sought to censure Shooter as punishment, but then considered expulsion after the letter Shooter wrote to members.
In the letter, Shooter accuses investigators of dismissing and omitting from the report an allegation made by an unnamed woman against another lawmaker.
Mesnard said Thursday that his difficult decision to hold a vote to consider Shooter's expulsion was because he used this woman as "a pawn" and further victimized this person with his letter.
State Republican Rep. David Stringer, who voted against Shooter's expulsion, said he based his decision on what he called "violations of due process."
Herschel Fink, the executive director of the Arizona Democratic Party, said in a statement Thursday: "Unequivocally, today's decision by the Arizona House of Representatives is a powerful statement for the brave women who came forward, and a lesson for all those who engage in this unacceptable conduct."
"His actions, long history, and defiance to the very end is indicative of the fight our state, and country will face when battling against the widespread prevalence of sexual assault and harassment in our everyday lives."
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement.
FILE - In this March 1, 2018, file photo, Chris Borland, a former NFL linebacker and Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year for the University of Wisconsin, testifies before a Illinois House Mental Health Committee hearing in Springfield, Ill., on House Bill 4341, which would ban tackle football for kids under 12 years of age. (Rich Saal//The State Journal-Register via AP, File)
A federal judge in Philadelphia is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough. So far, $227 million in claims have been awarded.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays. The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power.
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement.
Arguments are scheduled for Wednesday.
Related: Judge reminding NFL retirees of concussion settlement
Related: NFL reaches $765 million settlement; Did players get enough?
The Associated Press
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
DISCREDITING THE COMPETITION Why Doctors Feel Threatened By The Practice Of Midwifery
A deeper look at history explains why when it comes to midwife use, the US falls behind other affluent countries.
The Austin City Council voted Thursday to celebrate Indigenous Peoples Day, a holiday that honors Native Americans, and no longer recognize Columbus Day.
Austin follows such U.S. cities as Berkeley, Seattle, Denver, Albuquerque, Phoenix, and most recently, Los Angeles, in replacing the traditional holiday to instead declare that the second Tuesday of October honor America's indigenous people.
advertisement
Councilmembers approved a resolution that sought “to create a path of healing and reconciliation” noting that October 12, 1492, marked the “beginning of the colonization of indigenous people that forever changed their identity, cultures, and achievements.”
The resolution proclaims that the City of Austin has a responsibility to “oppose the systematic racism” directed at indigenous people in the United States” and promote “closing of the equity gap” through policies and practices that “reflect the experiences” of indigenous peoples, ensuring access and opportunity, plus “honor our nation's indigenous roots, history, and contributions.”
It states: “…honoring the role of Columbus as a historical figure promotes values of intolerance and violence that are still common in today's world and are opposed to the values of the citizens of Austin.”
The resolution also “strongly” encourages Austin public schools to include teaching the history of Native Americans, and recommends that city businesses, organizations, and public institutions recognize Indigenous Peoples Day.
During council discussion, Councilwoman Ora Houston pointed out the resolution was silent on whether or not “to get rid of” Columbus Day or “have the ability to celebrate both.” She noted her intent was to be “inclusive.” She said: “There is only one human race but there are many parts of it.”
Councilwoman Ellen Troxclair told her peers she heard from Italian-Americans and the Knights of Columbus, an Italian-American fraternal service organization, in her district who thought the resolution's wording was “disrespectful to their heritage.” Troxclair wanted to give the city council the opportunity to be “inclusive” and proposed an amendment to celebrate both Columbus and indigenous people on the same day. The motion failed, garnering support only from Councilwoman Alison Alter.
“We have a saying that Columbus didn't discover America, he was lost and you can't discover something when you're lost,” said Councilman Sabino “Pio” Renteria.
Councilman Gregorio “Greg” Casar proposed an amendment stating the city would only celebrate Indigenous Peoples Day and not Columbus Day. It was approved.
The city sought counsel from public commenter Tane Ward, Ph.D., an Austin indigenous rights activist, community organizer, and co-founder of Equilibrio Norte, a Texas-based grassroots organization dedicated to seeking societal “equilibrium” through “decolonial” politics.
“There are many ways to celebrate history and we don't feel that celebrating Columbus is an accurate way,” said Tane, who specializes in “building decolonial politics that serve to challenge the destructive exploitation of traditional communities, and create alternative frameworks for resistance in urban and elite spaces,” according to his online biography.
Councilmembers voted 9-1-1, with Troxclair voting against and Alter abstaining. The resolution was sponsored by council members Houston, Renteria, Mayor Pro Tem Kathie Tovo, and Mayor Steven Adler.
Interim City Manager Elaine Hart reminded council members that Columbus Day remains a federal holiday and the City of Austin cannot erase it but she stated that city calendars will no longer refer to the holiday as a day named for Christopher Columbus.
Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.
Austin City Council Indigenous Peoples Resolution October 5, 2017 by BreitbartTexas on Scribd
Kendall Jenner is reportedly dating NBA player Ben Simmons — but her rumored new relationship is stirring up a ton of drama.
After news of Jenner's romance with Simmons broke on Tuesday night, singer Tinashe‘s younger brother Kudzai accused the athlete, 21, of cheating on his sister with Jenner, 22.
“Never met you before in my life. days after u break my sis heart u do this… people all lied on her talking fake news about my sis *doing kardashian s— * u cheat on her w a Jenner,” wrote Kudzai in response to Page Six's report that the duo are now dating.
Reps for Jenner and Tinashe have not responded to requests for comment.
Tinashe, Kendall Jenner and Ben Simmons Roy Rochlin/Getty; Jamie McCarthy/Getty; Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty
Responding to 22-year-old Tinashe's fans, Kudzai also claimed that Simmons — who has deleted all photos of him and Tinashe from Instagram — and the singer only split on Sunday.
“Sorry for blowing up y'all Twitter everyone,” Kudzai also tweeted. “It was actually the only way to defend my sister against all this bulls—.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“I'm 19, no f—— excuse for cheating, be a man and figure it out. bro you're a grown ass man, how could u be so ignorant,” he tweeted in response to a fan who said Simmons is “just a man.”
RELATED VIDEO: Kendall Jenner Feels ‘Ready' as She Goes Braless in Sheer Dress for Second Time in 24 Hours
Though Tinashe has not commented on the cheating rumors, her other brother Thulani also retweeted Kudzai's tweet.
RELATED: Is Kendall Jenner Dating NBA Player Ben Simmons?
“He's like my full boyfriend, I guess,” Tinashe told Billboard in late March about her relationship with Simmons. “It was official before it was on [Instagram]; that was just when everyone else found out.”
Jenner was last linked to NBA player Blake Griffin, 29. The duo kept their relationship largely under wraps and were spotted at several Coachella parties together.
In her April Vogue cover story, the model refused to open up about Griffin, but acknowledged there is “someone is very nice to me.”
A former student teacher and assistant track coach for the West Hartford School system is accused of having a sexual relationship with an 18-year-old student.
Scroll for more content...
Tayler Boncal, 22, was charged with three counts of second-degree sexual assault.
According to New Britain police, the arrest stemmed from an investigation that began on Jan.12.
Police said she had the relationship with a male student from a West Hartford high school. The student is currently a senior.
According to the arrest warrant, Boncal was a student teacher at Conard High School who taught social studies for college credit. She was a student at Central Connecticut State University. She was also hired as a track coach in December.
Conard Principal Julio Duarte sent a letter about the arrest home to parents.
"The safety and well-being of all students is and will always be my number one priority. I know that there have been rumors amongst students these past few weeks. Now that the police action has concluded, I am able to inform you of an incident that I was made aware of between a former student teacher/assistant coach and a student. Once I received the misconduct complaint, I immediately informed the police and launched an investigation. While I cannot comment on the specifics of the investigation, I can tell you that this person no longer works at Conard. The incident did not occur on our campus and I have been working closely with both the New Britain and West Hartford Police Departments to ensure that this individual is held accountable for their actions.
"As educators, we are entrusted to protect and educate all of our students and know there are certain boundaries that can never be crossed. Also, we will not tolerate any behavior that compromises the safety or well-being of our students. I hope you will not let the misconduct of this one individual cast a shadow over all of our staff members who demonstrate their commitment to our students every day."
Boncal was living in New Britain at the time of the relationship.
According to the warrant, the teen told police that the two began exchanging text messages and went from there.
The student told police that the sex happened in New Britain, were Boncal had an apartment.
He spoke to two officers. However, the amount of times the teen and Boncal had sex differed. A different story was told to each officer.
"Victim had admitted that he and Boncal had sexual intercourse at least five times and that the first incident occurred after Dec. 25," the warrant said.
When police questioned Boncal, she admitted it.
"She loved the victim and was emotional regarding her feelings for him," the warrant stated. "She expressed concern for the victim and was worried that he would get in trouble."
The West Hartford School System alerted New Britain police of the allegations and the investigation began.
Boncal then turned herself into police and has since been arraigned in New Britain Superior Court.
Channel 3 spoke to one of Boncal's students, who called the situation "sad."
"I do feel bad because I knew this person before and she seemed like a nice person but she made a mistake," said Nick Segarra, a Conard High School student.
She posted a $20,000 bond and is due back in court in March.
Regis Jesuit forward Colin Walsh gets ready to take a shot as Ralston Valley defenseman Alex Weisenberger closes in during the first period of the Raiders' 9-0 Foothills Conference ice hockey win over the Mustangs on Feb. 2, 2018, at Family Sports Center. (Photo by Courtney Oakes/Aurora Sentinel)
AURORA | The Aurora prep sports scoreboard for Friday, Feb. 2, 2018:
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor. Reach him at 303-750-7555 or sports@aurorasentinel.com. Twitter: @aurorasports. FB: Aurora Prep Sentinel
BOYS BASKETBALL
Grandview 74, Cherokee Trail 40
Score by quarters:
Cher. Trail 9 5 11 15 — 40
Grandview 13 21 19 21 — 74
Hinkley 45, Adams City 19
Score by quarters:
Hinkley 15 8 13 9 — 45
Adams City 4 4 4 7 — 19
Rangeview 75, Aurora Central 43
Score by quarters:
Rangeview 17 26 15 17 — 75
Aur. Central 4 11 9 19 — 43
Rangeview points: Jodaun Dotson 16, Ryan Ongala 12, Eric Jackson 10, Cade Palmer 8, Christian Speller 6, Devin Collins 5, Christopher Speller 5, Ayden Clayton 4, Quincey Jewett 4, DJ Pigford 3, Jayden Foster 2. Aurora Central points: Trusean Vann 12, Samuel Chapman 8, Malachi Owens 7, Tylor Williams 6, Jabea Tilong 5, Adonis Cannon 3, Michael Thompson 2
Regis Jesuit 55, Legend 53
Score by quarters:
Legend 10 7 12 24 — 53
Regis Jesuit 11 10 15 19 — 55
Regis Jesuit points: Sam Bannec 15, Elijah Martinez 12, Daniel Carr 9, Tama Tuitele 9, Jamil Safieddine 7, Tyler Kellam 3
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Grandview 74, Cherokee Trail 31
Score by quarters:
Cher. Trail 6 12 9 4 — 31
Grandview 12 29 21 12 — 74
Cherokee Trail points: Destinee Paulk 13, Yolanda Fason 7, Aspyn Jimenez 4, Abbie Sparks 3, Delaney McLelland 2, Angel Neyland 2. Grandview points: Allyah Marlett 19, Leilah Vigil 13, Kameryn Brown 8, Addison O'Grady 8, Tomia Johnson 7, Jaiden Galloway 6, Landri Hudson 6, Alisha Davis 5, Heaven Smith 2
Regis Jesuit 49, Legend 20
Score by quarters:
Regis Jesuit 16 8 14 11 — 49
Legend 6 3 4 7 — 20
ICE HOCKEY
Cherry Creek 4, Mountain Vista 2
Score by periods:
Cherry Creek 2 1 1 — 4
Mountain Vista 0 2 0 — 2
Cherry Creek goals: Gavin Berkey, Brenden Oren, Neal Sklar, Jacob Tudan. Cherry Creek assists: Ben Altschuler, Nick Fall, Luke Flay. Cherry Creek saves: Lucas Banks (29 shots on goal-27 saves)
Regis Jesuit 9, Ralston Valley 0
Score by periods:
Ralston Valley 0 0 0 — 0
Regis Jesuit 4 3 2 — 9
Regis Jesuit goals: Paxton Erickson 2, Shane Ott 2, Anders Erickson, Connor Kilkenny, Nicholas Schultz, Wyatt Verity, Colin Walsh. Regis Jesuit assists: Ott 3, Verity 3, Paxton Erickson 2, Drew Renner 2, Nolan Sargent 2, Anders Erickson, Sergio Padilla, Schultz, Walsh. Regis Jesuit saves: Max Harlan (6 shots on goal-6 saves)
KUALA LUMPUR May 3 A deal by a former unit of troubled state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) to sell its stake in a property development project to a consortium including China's state-owned China Railway Engineering Corporation (CREC) has lapsed.
TRX City Sdn Berhad, a former 1MDB unit which was transferred to Malaysia's finance ministry, said in a statement that the 2015 deal to sell 60 percent of the issued and paid-up capital of Bandar Malaysia Sdn Bhd lapsed because the buyers "failed to meet the payment obligations".
"As a result, the share sale agreement between the parties stands null and void with immediate effect, the statement said.
TRX City's sole shareholder, the Ministry of Finance, will now be retaining 100 percent ownership of the site, it said.
The company will now immediately invite expressions of interest for the role of master developer of Bandar Malaysia. (Reporting by Praveen Menon and Liz Lee; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
First Lady Melania Trump arrived at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida with President Trump and their son Barron, wearing a red coat with a matching bag and red shoe soles to tie the ensemble together.
Melania, hardly ever photographed in blue jeans, wore a pair of skinny, ankle-cut jeans with a navy blue sweater as the base of her outfit. Draped over her shoulders, as she often does, the Slovenian-born First Lady wore a red cashmere coat by the Parisian brand Maison Ullens.
To match the coat, Melania's freshly done manicure clutched a red leather Gucci bag that seems to be a tote version of this signature Gucci top handle bag. As usual, Melania topped the look off with a pair of navy blue Christian Louboutin stilettos, walking like a runway model off Air Force One, giving a glimpse of the shoe brand's famous red soles.
Melania and her husband will spend the weekend with their son Barron at the Mar-a-Lago resort to watch the NFL Superbowl, as they did last year.
Kandy: India pacer Ishant Sharma rubbished reports of him joining English county cricket side Warwickshire, saying he has not signed for any side let alone any one club.
India vs Sri Lanka - Complete Coverage | Full Schedule
"Contrary to the news rounds through various sites, have not signed Warwickshire or any other county," Ishant, who is part of India's Test squad in Sri Lanka, tweeted.
The 28-year-old has been out of favour in the series which India won 3-0. Mohammed Shami and Umesh Yadav have been playing ahead of him in the spin-friendly Sri Lankan conditions, with all-rounder Hardik Pandya as the third seaming option. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
See something, say something.
It's Homeland Security's rallying cry in the battle against terrorism, encouraging U.S. citizens to report suspicious activity.
But on a local scale, it is also an appropriate way to describe what officials hope will be the public's response to litterbugs they encounter on roadways.
The Scott County Mayor's Office is set to roll out its new text-a-tip program, which will encourage motorists to text photos of litterbugs' license plate whenever they see someone tossing trash out of their vehicle. The Mayor's Office will then work with the Scott County Sheriff's Department to identify those violators, proceeding first to anti-litter education and then, if necessary in the case of repeat offenders, legal action.
Mary Ann Perdue, administrative assistant to Scott County Mayor Dale Perdue and coordinator of the county's litter program, said the program is based on the Tennessee Department of Transportation's litter reporting hotline.
“DOT kinda does this already and I just went with that,” Perdue said. “I thought it would be cool if we could do something like that in Scott County.”
The idea is that nearly everyone carries a cell phone that has the capability to take high-quality photographs. By setting up a hotline, the county can accept photographs from witnesses to littering, who are encouraged to use their phone to snap a photo of the offender's license plate and text it to authorities, along with a description that includes the date, time and location of the littering incident, along with a description of what kind of trash was thrown out.
“We thought that if people could click the picture and say, ‘This vehicle dumped a food bag on Highway 63 in Fairview,' then we could call the Sheriff's Department and get a name,” Perdue said.
After discussions between the Mayor's Office and Sheriff's Department Chief Deputy Tommy Silcox, the plan was put into action. Callers who report litterbugs will remain anonymous, and will only be contacted by the text-a-tip program if supporting information is needed.
Perdue said her office will receive all texts, and license plate numbers will be turned over to the Sheriff's Department. Law enforcement will identify the person the vehicle is registered to, returning that information to Perdue's office. That person will then receive a packet that includes a trash bag that can be kept in their vehicle, along with a “friendly letter” that informs them they or whoever was driving their vehicle are in violation of the law, and could be subject to criminal penalties.
Citations will not be issued on first offenses, Perdue said. However, a database of offenders will be kept, and repeat offenders can be ticketed. Tennessee law provides for misdemeanor citations for litterbugs, beginning with a $50 fine for minor offenses, ranging up to a felony offense and a fine of up to $3,000 or even jail time for repeat offenders of commercial dumping.
While tossing out a fast food bag would generally fall into the category of mitigated criminal littering, dumping larger amounts of trash — such as furniture or used tires — carry heightened penalties, such as fines up to $2,500, up to 160 hours of public service and as much as a year in jail. Repeat offenses are felonies.
While court appearances would not generally be considered for minor violators, Perdue said anyone dumping larger amounts of trash, especially tires, will be immediately cited into court.
The number for Scott County's text-a-tip litter hotline is 423-215-2789.
Cracking Down On Litter
The text-a-tip program is just one example of the Scott County Litter Program's stepped-up approach to littering. Perdue said the program is utilizing two cameras, which are being utilized for surveillance at problem dump sites along rural roadways.
So far, the cameras — which are motion-activated, similar to trail cameras used by hunters — are proving difficult to catch violators in the act, because most do not return to the site of their original dump.
“When we clean up a dump site and place a camera on it, they won't come back there again,” Perdue said.
Still, she said, the cameras will continue to be placed on dump sites, in hopes that litterbugs who are dumping their trash instead of taking it to the landfill or the recycling center can be nabbed. Large dumps, she said, are pursued with criminal penalties in mind. The Sheriff's Department is currently investigating a dump site on Sheep Ranch Road near Robbins, and has identified a suspect, who is currently being sought.
The next step for the litter program is to purchase tarps, which will be distributed to truckers who are hauling large loads of trash over Scott County's roadways. Once those are given out, law enforcement and the litter program will begin cracking down on uncovered vehicles. State law requires that all trucks transporting trash be covered by a tarp.
“We're going to go to the landfill for a couple of days and hand them out, and we'll also give some to the Sheriff's Department and let them pass them out,” Perdue said.
In addition, the litter program is going to utilize grant funding for a billboard and other marketing efforts.
Enhanced
Clean-Up
Scott County's litter officer, Tim Slaven, is assigned a crew of three inmates from the Scott County Justice Center and is on the road with his crew five days each week, targeting especially trashy roadways throughout the community. Slaven utilizes trustees from the jail, who cannot be charged with violent offenses and who must pass random drug screenings.
“They're out there somewhere every day of the week, picking up trash,” Perdue said. “If it rains, we can't pick up, and if it's really, really hot, they have to take it easy. We supply them with boots, vests and gloves to meet DOT standards, and the mayor says they have to have water and Gatorade.”
While the Sheriff's Department will not allow inmates on some roadways, such as portions of Paint Rock Road, due to safety concerns, the litter crew generally targets areas throughout the county. Especially important are U.S. Hwy. 27 and S.R. 63 outside the incorporated areas of Oneida and Huntsville. While TDOT crews occasionally pick up trash along those sections of roadway, Perdue said the county crew targets those sections of the state highways once each week.
The litter crew also targets areas where visitors to Scott County are likely to be during event periods. For example, on the Wednesday prior to Memorial Day, the litter crew picked up trash along River Road, which was the site of Brimstone's White Knuckle Event, bringing thousands of guests to the area.
Beyond that, whenever someone calls with a problem area, the litter crew tries to target it, Perdue said. She cited a recent example of a funeral procession at Winona, where the litter crew cleaned up the roadway ahead of the procession. She encouraged residents with a litter problem on their roadway to contact her at 223-5156, or Slaven at 215-8932.
While much of the trash that ultimately winds up being dumped on Scott County's roadways could be deposited for free at the Alberta Landfill at Bear Creek or at the Scott County Recycling Center on Scott High Drive, Perdue said sometimes trash winds up on the roadside that could be taken care of even more easily than that.
Scott County has a reuse center, which accepts most used furniture. The furniture is stored in a facility in the Annadell community, where it's distributed to fire victims or others who have lost their homes.
“If you have used furniture, don't dump it,” Perdue said. “Just call us and we'll come get it.” To schedule a pickup, contact the mayor's office, 663-2000.
In the meantime, Perdue said the litter program is going to continue to step up its efforts to combat Scott County's trash problem.
“We just plan to keep on,” she said. “If you've got a problem, call. It may take me a few days to figure something out, but we will figure out something.”
Britain Soccer Football - Newcastle United v Burton Albion - Sky Bet Championship - St James' Park - 5/4/17 Matt Ritchie of Newcastle United (R) and Marvin Sordell of Burton Albion in action Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Ed Sykes Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Newcastle United v Burton Albion - Sky Bet Championship - St James' Park - 5/4/17 Jonjo Shelvey of Newcastle United (R) and Jackson Irvine of Burton Albion in action Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Ed Sykes Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Newcastle United v Burton Albion - Sky Bet Championship - St James' Park - 5/4/17 Matt Ritchie celebrates after scoring the first goal for Newcastle United Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Ed Sykes Livepic
LONDON Newcastle returned to the top of the Championship and moved a step closer to an immediate return to the Premier League with a controversial 1-0 victory against Burton Albion on Wednesday.
Newcastle thought they had opened the scoring when Matt Ritchie converted a penalty but referee Keith Stroud blew his whistle having spotted an apparent encroachment before the spot kick was taken.
In bizarre circumstances, however, he disallowed the goal rather than order a re-take as the law dictates -- much to the bewilderment of Newcastle and manager Rafa Benitez.
Ritchie finally did open the scoring with a thumping strike in the 68th minute to seal the win.
Minutes after the final whistle the Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL) -- the group which officiates all Premier League, English Football League and Football Association matches -- said an apologetic Stroud had "mis-applied" the rule.
"The referee Keith Stroud awarded Newcastle a penalty in the 29th minute. As Matt Ritchie took the kick Dwight Gayle encroached in the penalty area," the PGMOL said in a statement.
"An indirect free kick was awarded to Burton but the laws of the game state the penalty should have been re-taken.
"Unfortunately the referee has mis-applied the law. Keith and his team are understandably upset at the lapse in concentration and apologise for the mistake."
Benitez was incensed on the sideline immediately after the incident and exchanged animated words with the fourth official after the final whistle.
The Spaniard, however, refused to comment when questioned about the incident after the game.
"I was very surprised but I don't want to talk about the incident that we have seen," he told Sky Sports. "At the moment I prefer to talk about the game. We scored a great goal and I prefer to talk about that."
Victory means, with six games remaining, Newcastle have 84 points -- one more than second-placed Brighton and Hove Albion.
Huddersfield Town climbed to third, nine points behind Brighton, with a comfortable 3-0 win against Norwich City thanks to goals from Elias Kachunga, Aaron Mooy and Nahki Wells.
Reading is a point adrift in fourth while Leeds United and Sheffield Wednesday sit fifth and sixth with 69 and 66 points respectively.
(Reporting By Tom Hayward, editing by Neil Robinson)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
On August 14 protesters in Durham, North Carolina, placed a tow rope around the neck and shoulder of a Confederate statue and pulled it down from atop the monument on which it stood.
WNCN reports that a woman climbed a ladder and placed a rope around the statue at approximately 7:10 p.m. The statue was a representation of a Confederate soldier who fought in the Civil War.
advertisement
Loan Tran–described as “an organizer”–said, “It needs to be removed. These Confederate statues in Durham, in North Carolina, all across the country.”
As the statue fell the protesters chanted against “fascism” and against the Ku Klux Klan, which was a Democrat-comprised organization that emerged to frighten black Republicans away from voting in the South after the Civil War.
Once the statue was on the ground, protesters took turns kicking it and WNCN reports that at least one person spat on it.
Takiyah Thompson was one of the protesters. Thompson said, “People can be mobilized and people are angry and when enough people are angry, we don't have to look to politicians to sit around in air conditions and do nothing when we can do things ourselves.”
The statue was on county property and officials have not said who will pay for the damage done to the property.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Joseph Iorio was looking forward to showcasing his rare and collectible coins and banknotes.
The 68-year-old Vancouver, B.C. man flew here all the way from the west coast for a coin convention in Toronto. But, just seconds after checking in to the Monte Carlo Inn on Edwards Boulevard in Mississauga just after 1 p.m. on Sept. 26, Iorio returned to his car to find his two briefcases stolen.
Inside the two briefcases were about 800 pieces of collectibles valued at more than $1.3 million. They included coins dating back to 1858, old, rare banknotes in mint condition and gold nuggets.
“It happened so fast,” he said. “I was shocked, in total disbelief.”
Iorio, owner of J&M Coin & Jewellery Ltd., is offering a $200,000 reward for the return of his two brief cases, with all the collectibles in tact.
Iorio had parked his car in the Monte Carlo Inn parking lot and went to check in. He estimated that maybe a few minutes passed before he returned to his car to get his personal items when he realized the briefcases were gone.
What's even stranger, Iorio said, is that he locked the doors to the car. But, he added, the thief must have been close by and managed to keep the back door open before Iorio had a chance to automatically lock the doors from afar.
He reported the incident to Peel police.
Const. Bally Saini said investigators are reviewing surveillance video from the area but don't have a description of the thief.
Anyone with information can call police at 905-453-2121, ext. 1233 or Peel Crime Stoppers anonymously at 1-800-222-8477.
Lindon Victor awarded a second National Field Athlete of the Year honor
NEW ORLEANS – Texas A&M senior Lindon Victor earned National Field Athlete of the Year honors for a season that included breaking the collegiate record in the decathlon twice along with defending his titles at the SEC and NCAA Championships. It's the second consecutive year for Victor to win the award.
National Athletes of the Year for the 2017 NCAA Division I Outdoor track and field season were announced on Wednesday by the U.S. Track & Field and Cross Country Coaches Association.
The men's National Track Athlete of the Year honor went to Tennessee sprinter Christian Coleman while the women's award went to Oregon's Raevyn Rogers. Earning the women's National Field Athlete of the Year award was Arizona State's Maggie Ewen.
Victor first broke the 11-year-old collegiate record in the decathlon with a score of 8,472 points to become Texas A&M's first Texas Relays decathlon champion. Victor bettered the previous collegiate and meet record of 8,465 set by Trey Hardee in 2006.
In the process of breaking the collegiate record, Victor also produced the best first day score in the decathlon by a collegian. His first day tally of 4,516 bettered the previous score of 4,500 set by Oregon's Ashton Eaton in the 2010 NCAA Championships.
During the SEC Championships, Victor improved his collegiate record to a score of 8,539 points and generated the best ever second day score by a collegian with his total of 4,174 points, which topped the previous best of 4,174 by Arizona's Jake Arnold at the 2007 NCAA meet. Victor also improved his collegiate best in the decathlon discus to 181-2 (55.22).
With a pair of collegiate records and a successful SEC title defense, Victor defended his NCAA title with a score of 8,390 points, the seventh best performance on the collegiate all-time list.
In third place after the first day with a score of 4,339 points, Victor claimed the lead following a NCAA meet best of 174-11 (53.31) in the discus. Through nine events of the NCAA competition, following a 220-7 (67.24) javelin effort, Victor bettered the meet record score he set in 2016 with a tally of 7,805 points to top the 7,723 score he had in 2016.
Finishing with the 1,500m, Victor just fell short of the NCAA meet record of 8,457 points established by Eaton in 2010.
Victor became just the fifth individual to successfully defend a NCAA decathlon title and on the all-time collegiate list his performances rank No. 1, 2, 6, 7, and 8. His average score among the three decathlons he has contested as a senior in 2017 is 8,467 points.
Story courtesy of Texas A&M Athletics
Gulfport Police are searching for the person who shot a man in the neck and leg late Sunday night. It happened just after 11pm in the 2000 block of 30th Street.
Officers were called to the area after residents heard gunshots. When they arrived, they found the 20-year-old victim, who was then sent to Memorial Hospital. The wounds he suffered weren't life-threatening and he was treated and released.
Investigators say the shooting actually happened in a parking lot near where the victim was found. When they canvased the area, they found a large amount of what appeared to be marijuana scattered in the parking lot.
The investigation revealed that a man approached the victim and began shooting at him before fleeing the area. Right now, he's still at-large and no arrests have been made in the case.
If anyone has information that could help investigators, you're asked to call the Gulfport Police Department at (228) 868-5959. You can also contact Crime Stoppers at www.mscoastcrimestoppers.com or by telephone at (877) 787-5898.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
MORRIS, Minn. — A 94-year-old Minnesota man whose wife died after battling cancer built a swimming pool in his backyard for children in his neighborhood.
Keith Davison's wife of 66 years died last year, KARE 11 reports.
“You just can't imagine what it's like,” he said. “You cry a lot. That's just the way it is because she's not here.”
Davison then decided to do something different to fill his time.
In the spring, the retired judge had an in-ground pool built. In July, the pool, which is 32 feet long and 9 feet deep, opened — and kids from all over the neighborhood came to swim.
“I knew they'd come,” Davison said.
Davison, who has three adult children but no grandchildren, is usually seen sitting in a chair next to the pool, watching the kids swimming, laughing and having fun.
“I'm not sitting by myself looking at the walls,” Davison said. “What else would you think of doing where you could have a whole bunch of kids over every afternoon?”
Pascagoula police are searching for a bank robbery suspect. The Hancock Bank on Hwy. 90 was robbed just after 5 p.m.
Police tell us the suspect is a white man, and he left the scene in a vehicle after the robbery. He was last seen driving west on Hwy. 90.
WLOX News Now is working to gather more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
The Alaska House voted to restore Permanent Fund dividends to the full projected amount of roughly $2,200 this fall.
Anchorage Republican Rep. Gabrielle LeDoux said during a floor session that she doesn't support cutting PFDs without requiring oil companies to pay more in taxes.
“Without this amendment, we are headed to a budget which reduces the people's PFD,” LeDoux said. “To this, Mr. Speaker, I say not only ‘No,' but, ‘Hell, no,' and urge you to vote with me.”
By pushing the House capital budget further away from the Senate's, the vote may make it less likely the Legislature will reach an overall budget deal before the end of the special session Friday.
Reaching a consensus is even less likely on a long-term plan to balance how much the state government spends, with what it raises.
Both the House and Senate had previously voted to reduce PFDs as part of a plan to close the long-term budget gap. But the two bodies had different ideas on how much to take.
The House would have made this year's PFD check $1,250, while the Senate voted to make it $1,000.
The House plan also includes higher taxes on the oil and gas industry, as well as an income tax. The Senate has rejected tying changes to the Permanent Fund to new taxes.
LeDoux said having full PFDs would help residents.
“Alaskans are facing economic hardships during this ongoing recession,” she said. “Delivering a full PFD not only delivers to the people their full share of the economic wealth of this state, but it also keeps freezers running, oil tanks full and food on the table, providing a much-needed economic boost to our state.”
It's not clear whether the PFD increase will receive support from the Senate.
It's also not clear whether Gov. Bill Walker will approve it. He vetoed half of PFD money last year, cutting it from just over $2,000 to just over $1,000.
Walker said in a statement that his administration is working with lawmakers to ensure government services continue after July 1.
“There will be actions that do not align with the full fiscal plan I proposed,” Walker said. “In the coming days – and weeks, if necessary – my team and I will continue to work with the House and Senate toward a compromise plan and passage of a budget.”
Fairbanks Republican Senate President Pete Kelly said the vote was a distraction from negotiations on the operating budget.
“It's a kind of proof that they're very desperate to get an income tax,” he said. “They do this through inflating the budget to the point that we almost have to have an income tax to fund it. I don't think it's much more complicated than that but I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and continue to negotiate as long as we can.”
The House voted 26-14 to include $1.5 billion for PFDs. The funding drew support from most members of both the largely Democratic majority coalition and the Republican minority.
If there's no budget deal by Friday, Walker will likely call the Legislature immediately back into a second special session.
The state government will shut down if there's no budget before July 1.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
March 31 Boc Aviation Ltd
* Entered into aircraft purchase agreement with certain subsidiaries of Boeing
* Aggregate current list price of aircraft is approximately US$758.2 million
* Aircraft to be purchased are two Boeing 747-8 freighter aircraft
* Consideration for transaction was funded through cash on hand, proceeds of loans and other borrowings Source text: (bit.ly/2ogDGa6) Further company coverage:
Remember wipeout sections in surf videos? Those glorious few minutes when our surf heroes would show that they are mortal after all, and that even the best in the business find themselves on the receiving end of some merciless aquatic punishment? Yeah, those were the days. Turns out, Maui's freakishly high-flying, hard-charging Albee Layer also gets nostalgic for the classic wipeout reel, and above he offers just over two minutes for slips, falls, dives, near-makes and massive misses. The aptly titled “Maximum Effort” reminds us that behind every monumental inversion stopped by Layer and his peers, there are plenty of crashes and burns. Press play and enjoy the havoc.
It looks set to be another cold weekend across the East Midlands with outbreaks of rain, sleet and snow, according to the Met Office.
Forecasters say today will be cold with light rain and sleet.
The Met Office said: "Across the Peak District risk of icy stretches on untreated surfaces this morning, and light snow at times throughout. Highest temperatures along the coast, as light onshore winds develop. Maximum temperature 5 °C.
"Tonight will be largely cloudy with outbreaks of light rain or sleet, also hill snow, gradually dying away. Isolated showers will follow, mainly across Lincolnshire, becoming increasingly wintry. Risk of icy patches. Minimum temperature -1 °C."
And we can expect a frosty start on Sunday, with possibly icy patches on untreated surfaces. Then staying cold despite sunny spells, with scattered wintry showers, although many places will remain dry. Highest temperatures along the coast. Maximum temperature 4 °C.
Nervous green card holders are seeking citizenship in greater numbers because of concerns that the Trump Administration's new immigration policies could send them out of the country.
From July 2016 to September 2016, the number of green card applications received at the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services was 158,442, according to data released by the federal agency. From October 2016 to December 2016, that number increased by about 17.5 percent to 186,036.
William DeSantiago, managing attorney of the immigration program at the Catholic Charities Community Services of Phoenix, said that since the election there have been more consultations at his organization and applications for citizenship because people are concerned about the laws of their legal residency.
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services received 239,628 applications for naturalization from October 2016 to December 2016 and that number increased by about 21 percent to 289,995 forms from January 2017 to March 2017.
DeSantiago said their concerns include not being able to emigrate their loved ones into the country, losing their permanent resident status, and being harassed when they try to go to their home country and not being able to come back into the States.
Erin Goeman, staff attorney at Arizona Legal Women and Youth Services, said the increase in citizenship applicants was driven by the motivation to vote and out of fear of deportation for committing a crime.
There was a huge influx of people applying for citizenship at the end of 2016, according to Goeman, which results in longer waiting times. “The cynical part of me would say that there's a benefit to our current administration to make immigrants wait a little bit longer,” she said, “because that will give the immigrant time to get arrested or to give up.”
The path of becoming a citizen or a lawful permanent resident of America costs a large amount of money and requires a lot of time. According to the federal agency, an individual is eligible to apply for naturalization by following requirements such as, being at least 18 years old, being a green card holder who resides in the country for at least five years, and has knowledge of the U.S. government and history, among other requirements.
As of 2012, there were 13.3 million lawful permanent residents and nearly 8.8 million were eligible for naturalization, according to the Migration Policy Institute. Furthermore, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services receives and processes roughly 6 million immigration applications from both individuals and employers each year, according to the American Immigration Center. The applicants aim to either gain permission to permanently live in the U.S., to work temporarily, or to become a citizen.
However, the burden of the cost can turn away prospective citizens from actually pursuing naturalization.
DeSantiago said that the filing fee always seems to be increasing. “When I got here in 1996, the fee was $110 or somewhere in the $100 range,” he said.
An increase in fees took effect December 23, 2016, for applications. In the application for a renewal or replacement of a green card, the fee rose to $455 from $365, according to the USCIS website. The application fee for naturalization climbed to $640 from $595. For those who are seeking a green card, the application fee increased $155 to $1,140 from $985. On top of this application fee, applicants need to pay an additional biometrics fee of $85.
According to DeSantiago, many people attempt to get waivers, but very few are eligible unless they are enrolled in a government benefit program. The cost discourages people from applying because they don't have the means, said DeSantiago.
“Not every immigrant can apply for the means-tested benefit and some aren't poor enough,” said Goeman.
Singer Katy Perry poses at Elton John's 70th Birthday and 50-Year Songwriting Partnership with Bernie Taupin benefiting the Elton John AIDS Foundation and the UCLA Hammer Museum at RED Studios Hollywood in Los Angeles, California, U.S. March 25, 2017. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Revellers carry their belongings as they leave Worthy Farm in Somerset after the Glastonbury Festival, Britain, June 27, 2016. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov
LONDON American pop singer Katy Perry will join the likes of Ed Sheeran, Radiohead and the Foo Fighters to perform at this year's Glastonbury festival, a huge green-field music event held in the countryside in southwest England.
Organisers unveiled the June 21-25 festival's first line-up poster on Thursday, presenting a mix of singers and genres.
This year's performers include the likes of British grime artist Stormzy, hip hop star Dizzee Rascal, R&B singer Emeli Sande as well as the Bee Gees' Barry Gibb.
Rockers Radiohead and the Foo Fighters had previously been announced as part of the line-up as was Grammy Award winner Sheeran.
Lorde, Solange as well as Toots and the Maytals also join the more than 80 performers listed on the poster for the event, which is known for its muddy fields and wet weather.
"Can't wait to see you and hopefully catch a cold lol," Perry wrote on her Instagram page regarding her attendance.
Tens of thousands of people descend on the Worthy Farm site in Somerset for the five-day festival, where 2016 performers included Adele and Coldplay.
(Reporting By Marie-Louise Gumuchian, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
AUSTIN, Texas — Chris Del Conte has been formally introduced as the new athletic director at Texas.
Del Conte portrayed Texas as the dream destination for any athletic director. It has one of the wealthiest and largest athletic departments in the country, a massive, passionate alumni base that spreads from coast to coast, and an internationally recognizable brand
It also a place that has struggled through losing football, unrest in the fan base and an unsettled administration in recent years. Del Conte will be Texas' fourth athletic director since 2013. He comes from TCU.
___
0 White House downplays Gowdy assessment of no FBI misconduct in Russia probe
As President Donald Trump publicly lashed out again at his own Attorney General on Wednesday over the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election, a key Republican in Congress said for a second day that a top secret briefing provided to a handful of lawmakers last week showed no evidence of FBI misconduct, as agents were simply trying to figure out what Russia was doing with respect to the Trump Campaign and the 2016 elections.
“I think if the FBI were at the table this morning, they would tell you that Russia was the target, and Russia's intentions toward the country were the target,” Gowdy said on CBS “This Morning.”
As he did in an interview with Fox News on Tuesday night, Gowdy said the FBI made the right response when evidence surfaced of Russian activity, which led to a broader investigation of interference by Moscow in the 2016 elections.
Asked directly if a “spy” had been inserted into the Trump Campaign – as the President has repeatedly charged – Gowdy said there was no evidence to back up that claim.
“And with that, a Republican Congressman brings an end to @realDonaldTrump's false conspiracy theory,” tweeted Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer.
At the White House, officials downplayed Gowdy's remarks, which went directly against the claims of the President, who as recently as Tuesday night had said the FBI had been ‘infiltrating' his campaign.
“Clearly, there's still cause for concern that needs to be looked at,” said White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
On Capitol Hill, only one GOP lawmaker publicly expressed doubts about Gowdy's FBI review.
And with that, a Republican Congressman brings an end to @realDonaldTrump's false conspiracy theory. https://t.co/2WaTpOTciQ — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) May 30, 2018
“So the DOJ briefs members of Congress, on allegations against the DOJ, concluding that the DOJ did nothing wrong. Anyone sees a problem here?” said Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC), the head of the House Freedom Caucus.
As for the President, he did not on Wednesday continue his recent string of tweets that accused the FBI of ‘spying' on his campaign – instead, Mr. Trump blasted Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation.
“Senator Sessions, why didn't you tell me before I picked you,” Mr. Trump said on Twitter, again saying he now wishes he had chosen someone else for the job, who would have been more involved in the Russia matter.
But just like his previous outbursts against Sessions, there was no indication that Mr. Trump would force the former Senator from Alabama to resign, or fire him.
Meanwhile, the President's attorney, Rudy Giuliani pressed Special Counsel Robert Mueller to finish a report on the investigation by mid-September, arguing to do otherwise would be a clear effort to impact the 2018 mid-term elections.
“If he doesn't file his report by September first, mid-September, he's clearly doing a Comey,” Giuliani told reporters at the White House, referring to former FBI Director James Comey.
Giuliani also said he doesn't think the President will fire Attorney General Sessions, despite Mr. Trump's continued public irritation with the Sessions Russia recusal.
ARLINGTON, Wash. – Investigators are still piecing together what led up to two Arlington Police officers opening fire, critically wounding a 17-year-old girl.
Investigators said the officers responded to North Olympic Avenue for a disturbance call but ended up shooting a teenager saying she had a knife.
Aaron Snell, the public information officer for the Snohomish County Multi-Agency Response Team, said there is evidence at the scene that shows one of the two officers who opened fire may have tried using a Taser. Investigators said they recovered a knife the teenage girl had on her, allegedly.
But several protesters in downtown Arlington tell said know the young girl and don't believe she did what police allege.
“The injustice is huge and no way should they be using lethal force on a 17-year-old,” said Lisa Marie Beltjens.
The protesters help up hand-made signs, and they were furious that two city police officers used lethal force against a young girl.
“They choose to use their pistol on a child? What's the pepper spray for?” asked Jeremy Osgood who said he is a family friend of the young girl shot.
Osgood said he is convinced the teenager is not violent.
“All I know is that the Arlington Police probably had 5 other ways to subdue a teenage girl other than to shoot her,” he said.
Investigators said it all started about 5'oclock Tuesday morning after someone called 911 to report a disturbance. Police said they arrived and separated a boyfriend and girlfriend arguing, and said the girl had a knife.
Two officers opened fire striking the girl who was airlifted to Harborview Medical Center where she was in critical condition.
“We're still working with witnesses to make sure that the full scenario and timeline actually occurred and we know what happened,” said Snell.
The two officers who opened fire have been placed on administrative leave during the investigation. One is described as a 12-year-veteran of the department, the other a 2-year-veteran.
Students in Harrison County got a lesson or two in what it means to be kind. It's part of a week-long effort to remind kids to think of others.
Friday afternoon, a person connected with an attempted burgarlary has turned himself in to Indian River County Sheriffs.
Deputies say Thursday evening received a call for attempted burglary.
Taylor Reese, the homeowner, stated he was sleeping and woke after hearing his door being kicked in, thats when he grabbed his gun and searched to see what happended.
Reese was then outside when Howard Bartee started firing in his direction, Reese fired back striking the perpetrator twice.
The suspect was then taken to the hospital for injuries, he survived and is facing charges.
Sheriff Deryl Loar say Reese was defending his safety and his property and will not face charges.
After further investigation, a second suspect was discovered, 16-year old Jesse Jones.
Jones turned himself on Friday.
The post Florida homeowner will not be charged for self-defense appeared first on 850 WFTL.
SHANGHAI, March 30 The chairman of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC), the world's largest lender, said on Thursday he expects asset quality to improve this year.
Yi Huiman made the comments at a press conference following the release of the bank's annual results.
ICBC said its net profit slipped 0.64 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016 as margins shrank.
(Reporting by Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller in Beijing; Writing by Engen Tham in Shanghai; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Promises decision about running for Langley City mayor by early August
After serving one term as a Liberal MLA, former Langley City mayor Peter Fassbender is considering a return to municipal politics.
“I've had lots of people approach me,” Fassbender told Black Press.
“I haven't made a final decision. If I run, it will be for mayor.”
Fassbender said he would decide soon, likely by the end of this month or early next month.
“I would only do it if I believe I had something to contribute to the community (and) I would have to feel it's the best for me and my wife.”
Great Volunteer gathering at the Campaign Office!!! pic.twitter.com/5rXkuahX2J — Peter Fassbender (@Fassbender_BC) April 8, 2017
Fassbender was serving as mayor of Langley City when he was elected MLA for Surrey-Fleetwood in the 2013 provincial election.
He was appointed Minister of Education during a bitter labour dispute with the B.C. Teachers Federation that ended with a settlement after five days of round-the-clock talks.
READ MORE: Fassbender speaks to Langley about teachers' strike
He then served minister of Community, Sport and Cultural Development and minister responsible for TransLink.
Fassbender stepped down from the mayor's job after winning his MLA seat in Surrey-Fleetwood.
So far, two incumbent Langley City councillors have declared for the mayoralty.
VIDEO: Two Langley City councillors to run for mayor
Fassbender was on the Langley School Board from 1975 to 1979.
He was first elected to Langley City as a councillor in 2002, and then as mayor in the 2005, 2008 and 2011 elections.
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Fourth of July travelers always see a good dose of red, white and blue in Old Glory while in transit to Independence Day celebrations around the nation.
That won't change this year at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, which has planned an array of American musical performances around the premises and has hung a giant American flag in the international terminal.
But with the holiday smack in the middle of what some have stretched into a full week of travel, the world's busiest airport also used America's birthday to showcase strong relationships with other countries represented in the city.
The fourth annual “Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Flying” display launched June 28 makes use of the atrium in the Maynard H. Jackson Jr. International Terminal, where local consulates placed flower arrangements using their national colors.
Accompanying these visible signs of support were letters from each consulate expressing congratulations on the 242nd birthday of the United States. The 10 countries who sent representatives this year (two more than last year), included:
Israel
India
Canada
Ecuador
El Salvador
Haiti
Mexico
Japan
Korea
Jamaica
The consuls general of El Salvador, Japan and Israel — the top diplomats in the Southeast U.S. for these countries — were slated to be on hand, along with many deputy consuls, tourism representatives or other government officials.
Interim Deputy General Manager and Chief Financial Officer Greg Richardson said the airport was taking the chance to show patriotism as well as recognize that the U.S. is part of a broader global community, a fact signified by the inclusion of a U.S. flower arrangement among the others.
“Indeed, as one nation in a world of nations, the United States understands the importance of diplomacy and in reflecting our principles through exemplary relations with other countries. These relations, built and molded over time, are part of what make this country so exceptional,” Mr. Richardson was slated to say, according to a copy of his remarks.
Alrene Barr, a Jamaica native and the airport's director of international affairs, said as she welcomed consular corps members that the celebration was “not only of this nation's Independence Day, but also this country's diversity and international charm.”
Ms. Barr has also spearheaded cultural days at the airport featuring countries like Korea, which Delta Air Lines and Korean Air serve via direct flights to Seoul, as well as the signing of sister airport agreements and partnerships with countries like Jamaica, Israel and El Salvador. She recently helped drive a celebration of Caribbean-American Heritage Month,where dancers and special foods celebrated airport employees from the region, as well as Atlanta's close connections to the countries there:
Hartsfield-Jackson also each year conducts training for airport officials around the hemisphere, including for some countries with representation at the event, like El Salvador and Ecuador.
After a U.S. Customs and Border Protection staffer sang the national anthem, airport volunteers handed out pins to those who have served in the country's armed services. The crowd also got red, white and blue glow sticks.
Even as he celebrated global integration, Mr. Richardson said it's vital that Americans recognize those who made their freedom possible:
“This weekend and throughout next week, as many of us enjoy fireworks, barbecues and picnics to celebrate the Fourth of July, we ask that you please remember to pay tribute to our active military service members and distinguished veterans. These men and women have served with honor and distinction. Let us salute their courage and their sacrifices to our great nation.”
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
With the election of U.S. President Donald Trump and the impeachment of South Korean President Park Geun-hye, last year brought turbulence in the countries' longstanding alliance.
For retired South Korean Lieutenant General In-Bum Chun, it was an opportune time to give North Korean leader Kim Jong-un a reality check.
A decorated military leader who once headed South Korea's Special Warfare Command, Mr. Chun penned an open letter to Kim in NK News in January.
The message: Don't perceive the workings of democracy in Seoul and Washington as signs of weakness, instability, cowardice and a lack of resolves. They are anything but. So it might be a smart move to stop rattling sabers and start pursuing peace.
Months later, in September, Mr. Chun visited Kennesaw State University. He delivered to lectures at the school and spoke to Global Atlanta and other news outlets.
Did the North Korean leader read his letter?
“If he did, he ignored it,” said Mr. Chun, now a visiting fellow at Brookings Institution's Center for East Asia Policy Studies.
Ushered, chauffeured and cloistered throughout his life, Kim “knows very little about the outside world,” Mr. Chun said during his visit to Kennesaw, and must wrongly interpret democracy in South Korea as “chaos.”
But the South's globally celebrated K-pop music and atmosphere of unbridled free speech and protests are signs of resilience and toughness.
“There's an inner strength to our society,” Mr. Chun told Global Atlanta in an interview after a general lecture. “He cannot win.”
Mr. Chun's visit came amid anxiety among world powers over Kim's nuclear aspirations and a war of words between Pyongyang and Washington.
North Korea wants to be a nuclear power and equal to the United States, he said in the interview.
“Right now, he seems to assess he's close to having a capability to strike the U.S. with a nuclear weapon,” he said.
President Trump has gone toe to toe with the North Korean regime, with both governments dishing out stark rhetoric toward each other.
At first, Mr. Chun reasoned, President Trump's threat to unleash “fire and fury” seemed to work because it injected unpredictability into the conflict.
But as the tough talk escalated, Mr. Chun realized that maybe it is time to “tone down” what has become a counterproductive tack.
North Korea is using the U.S. rhetoric to show that America wants to destroy the country, thereby buttressing its hard line.
“Having the moral high ground is very important,” Mr. Chun said during a lecture. “This kind of offensive language has caused confusion.”
What is needed to lessen tensions, he said, is a Marshall Plan of sorts for North Korea, an effort to better the lives of the people. That will result in a positive long game.
“When the average North Korean life gets better, once lunch and dinner are solved, the next question will be, ‘How come I can't have freedom to move around, to speak?'” he said.
Airing criticism of the U.S. government is rare for Mr. Chun, who is loath to disrespect or rebuke a U.S. president since he is not an American.
He repeatedly stressed the strong reciprocal political and military ties between South Korea and the United States.
South Korea, he said, is the great post-war U.S. success story; the nation forged “a truly free and democratic society” mostly because of American influence, he said.
He cites the thousands of U.S. troops stationed in South Korea and Japan – forces keeping stability. That atmosphere helps promote trade and prosperity.
“When people say ‘Yankee go home,' don't believe it,” he said. “As long as there are Americans, there will be stability.”
South Korea, he argues, is a “vital interest” for the United States, a label some observers don't use to describe the relationship.
Koreans have fought and died in U.S.-led wars. Chun says Americans generally don't realize South Korean sacrifices in Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan.
In fact, Mr. Chun was cited for contributing to the first ‘fair and free' elections in Iraq and helping to resolve a hostage crisis in Afghanistan when the Taliban kidnapped Korean missionary workers.
“America should be very proud of us,” he told Global Atlanta.“When the going gets tough, we Koreans come up to the plate.”
When Koreans look north, they see the shadow of China, the one major country with pull in Pyongyang.
The deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system in South Korea angered Chinese President Xi Jinping.
At the same time, Seoul values business ties with China and wants to maintain commerce, though China has made that challenging.
Koreans never have been and won't be dominated by that nation, he says.
Yes, the Chinese are a great people, Mr. Chun said, but “never doubt where our heart is.”
“China is a great country. The U.S. is a greater country,” he said.
NEW ORLEANS — The U.S. Gulf Coast braced Friday for a fast-moving blast of wind, heavy rain and rising water as deadly tropical storm Nate threatened to reach hurricane strength before a weekend landfall.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami issued hurricane and storm surge warnings for southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi and Alabama coasts. A hurricane warning was issued a few hours later for metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain.
Forecasters said in a Friday evening advisory that the storm was growing in strength, with maximum sustained winds increasing to 105 km/h and higher gusts.
"Additional strengthening is forecast during the next 36 hours, and Nate is expected to become a hurricane by the time it reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico," the advisory said.
States of emergency were declared in all three states as Nate — which has already killed at least 21 people in Central America — became the latest in a succession of destructive storms this hurricane season.
Nate is forecast to dump 70 to 150 millimetres of rain on the region — with isolated totals of up to 30 centimetres. That much rain led authorities to warn of flash flooding and mudslides. By midafternoon Friday, Nate was moving at a speed of 33 km/h. It was expected to move near or over the coast of Mexico's Yucatan peninsula late Friday and make landfall in the U.S. late Saturday or Sunday.
Evacuation orders were issued for some coastal communities, including the Louisiana towns of Jean Lafitte and Grand Isle.
Shelly Jambon, owner of Sureway Supermarket in Grand Isle, said she plans on riding out the storm at her store even though it's across the street from the beach. She bought it two years before hurricane Katrina struck in 2005 and has weathered far more threatening storms than Nate.
"It's a mild one for us," she said. "Seventy to 80 m.p.h. winds? We get that in a winter storm."
Funds raised are for the betterment of the farm, volunteers say
Volunteers at Sunnybrook Farm Museum have been working hard for the spring home-made pie sale running March 20th-21st.
“I would say our most popular pies are anything to do with rhubarb — rhubarb-Saskatoon, rhubarb-strawberry, quite often we have rhubarb-raspberry, if those berries are available,” said Myrna Schmidt, volunteer pie sale organizer.
About 20 of the ‘Ladies of Sunnybrook Farm', as the volunteers call themselves, meet at the farm to make the pies together. The pies are frozen and then people can take them home to bake them fresh.
“We have a lot of fun,” Schmidt said.
“Most of us are seniors, we've retired and we're looking for ways to give back to the community and also to just get together with a great group of gals,” she said.
Schmidt added that there are also great guys among the volunteer group, but they don't help with making the pies, just eating them.
All proceeds from the pie sale go towards the upkeep of the Sunnybrook Farm Museum.
This fundraiser is held in anticipation of the Museum's first event in May, ‘Spring on the Farm' when they open to the public.
Sunnybrook is open for visitors all summer, by donation.
Kids can to come out and pet the barnyard animals, check out the historic farm and old Hanna House.
They have also recently finished renovating the Calder School, which was brought from Innisfail to save it from being torn down.
The farm was originally donated by the Bower family and kept active for the public to enjoy a living history of Red Deer right in the City.
“The museum is basically all run on donations and fundraising,” Schmidt said.
The spring pie sale does not typically do as well as the one in the fall, before thanksgiving and Christmas. At last year's spring pie sale, they sold around 230 pies as opposed to the fall sale where they sold 409 pies and 157 boxes of tarts within the first day.
“Everything is for the betterment of the Farm to keep it up and viable and running,” Schmidt said.
INTRATREK Zimbabwe has completed clearing 75 hectares of the 200 hectares as part of the pre-commencement works for the Gwanda solar project, an official has said.
Apart from completing pre-commencement works, the company was contractually expected to have raised the funds needed for the 100 megawatt (MW) plant.
A senior ZPC official yesterday said they had begun evaluating progress made on clearing the site by Intratrek, which is fronted by businessman Mr Wicknell Chivayo.
The company was paid $5 million for the pre-commencement works without a bank guarantee.
“The pre-commencement works should have been completed by 23 April and it means the contract for that particular work lapsed yesterday (Monday),” said the official.
“According to the contract, the company should have raised full funding, but we have nothing to date, except a letter they wrote this week saying they were covering the exposure.”
Mr Chivayo could not be reached for comment yesterday.
Mines and Mining Development permanent secretary Mr Patson Mbiriri on Monday told the Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Mines and Energy chaired by Norton legislator Mr Temba Mliswa (independent) that Mr Chivayo — who had previously abandoned the site — was now back and had cleared 75 hectares of the 200 hectares designated for the solar plant.
Zesa Holdings group chief executive officer Engineer Josh Chifamba, who also appeared before the same committee on Monday, indicated that the Zimbabwe Power Company (ZPC)'s board was expected to meet on the same day to discuss the matter.
Our Harare Bureau has since gathered that the ZPC board failed to meet on Monday.
“A lot has been done to review the tender which was awarded to Intratrek, but it is a legal process,” he said. “The decision that you put forward as the committee is the same that was made by the ZPC board, but it is a legal process, it does not happen immediately.
“The contractor was not expelled from site. We thanked the noise that was done as it forced him to go and complete the work which we had already paid for.”
In March, Mr Mliswa's parliamentary committee visited Gwanda and expressed disappointment with what it viewed as poor preparatory works at the site. Chronicle
Police say a woman walking outside a crosswalk on Sunday night in the Phoenix area when she was hit by the self-driving car. (@zombieite/Flickr)
Ride-hailing company suspends all road-testing of such vehicles in U.S. and Canada
A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a suburb in Phoenix, Ariz., in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
READ MORE: Self-driving Ubers could still be many years away, says research head
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit, police said. The woman, identified as Elaine Herzberg, 49, died at a hospital.
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
Japan's largest e-commerce company is betting that it has found the key to selling clothes online: a size-measuring bodysuit and its own line of clothing.
Start Today Co., which runs a shopping site in Japan called Zozotown that's popular with younger consumers, unveiled its own made-to-fit private label T-shirts, jeans and business suits as it pushes deeper into web-based apparel sales. The clothes are meant to be sold to customers using a body-scanning suit and app developed by the company, which is renaming itself Zozo Inc. from October.
Selling clothing online has been a big challenge for web retailers because sizes, colours and looks are hard to gauge on the web. Sellers often offer free returns to spur purchases, but that also drives up costs and risks alienating customers. Start Today's billionaire founder Yusaku Maezawa is betting that his strategy of offering made-to-fit apparel will help it expand overseas and quintuple its market capitalization in the next decade.
"Anyone in the world can relate to worries about clothing size," Maezawa, 42, said in an interview. "When we looked overseas, we couldn't find any companies that were offering lower-cost clothing that fit well. There was a need for that."
Amazon.com Inc., which has been making an aggressive push into online apparel, last year bought Body Labs, a 3-D body-scanning startup that lets people create a digital avatar of themselves to try on virtual clothes. In response to Start Today's announcement of private brand men's business suits and dress shirts — offered at a discounted 24,800 yen ($225) for a limited time — shares of Japanese suit sellers Aoyama Trading Co. and Aoki Holdings Inc. fell on Tuesday.
The key to a perfect fit with Start Today's new clothing line hinges on the Zozosuit, a polka-dot studded bodysuit that lets users measure their proportions with a smartphone camera. Sales initially started with T-shirts and jeans, and the company added men's business suits to its lineup. It also announced that the service and private brand would be available in 72 countries including the U.S. by the end of July.
"If they can build a successful apparel-selling platform based on body measurements data, it can be huge," said Akira Iwasaki, an analyst at Iwai Cosmo Securities Co. in Tokyo who has a buy rating on Start Today.
The growth plan is a big bet for a company that gets about 90 per cent of its sales by providing a marketplace for clothing by other brands. Maezawa said Start Today is looking at potential acquisitions that could improve its measuring technology and production capabilities. While Rakuten Inc. is often seen as Japan's homegrown e-commerce pioneer, Start Today is bigger, with a market capitalization that's 25 per cent higher at 1.3 trillion yen.
The company created a unit, Start Today Research, this year to acquire ideas and technologies related to fashion and clothing fit. It also made headlines in Japan in April when it offered annual salaries of as much as 100 million yen to find employees specializing in fields such as artificial intelligence, robotics and cryptography.
Gym, tan, birthday!
Wednesday isn't just America's birthday — it's also Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino‘s 36th, and the Jersey Shore star is celebrating with his fiancée Lauren Pesce by his side.
“Me and Laurens will be celebrating my birthday on the 4th of July at a family barbecue,” Sorrentino told PEOPLE. “Accompanied by my beautiful fiancé and freshly baked Funfetti cake from Confections of a Rockstar bakery, I will certainly be living my best life.”
“The next day myself and Lauren have plans to see my second family and continue the birthday celebrations at an undisclosed location for filming,” he added.
RELATED: Jersey Shore‘s Mike ‘The Situation' Sorrentino & Lauren Pesce Want to Get Married in Italy — Soon
Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino and Lauren Pesce/Instagram
As for wedding planning? Sorrentino said he and his “queen” are “full steam ahead.”
“We are excited to bring the fans along to see the wedding planning process,” he said, noting that it will unfold on season 2 of Jersey Shore Family Vacation. (The couple's emotional engagement was documented on season 1 of the MTV reboot.)
Sorrentino is almost 30 months sober after battling a prescription painkiller addiction. He's currently awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to tax evasion in a New Jersey federal court in January. Originally set for April 25, the sentencing date has been pushed back to Sept. 7.
“We've been through so much, and for us to finally get engaged, it's really special,” the reality star said on the June 21 episode. “Because it wasn't guaranteed. It's been very stormy for a while. The odds were against me. People bet against me. But against all odds, she's been there throughout the ups and downs, the good times and the bad times.”
“I've been wanting to get to this day for so long,” he added. “And right now, I'm feeling like all these bad times that I've been through, it's all worth it for this moment right here. Lauren is the light at the end of my tunnel. Lauren is my everything, Lauren is my best friend, she is my soulmate, she is my better half. And knowing that I found that, I'm willing to face anything in life.”
Season 2 of Jersey Shore Family Vacation premieres in August on MTV.
New Delhi: Google on Monday launched voice search support for eight additional languages spoken in India, allowing people to use their voice to dictate queries both in Gboard on Android and in Search through the Google App.
The languages are Bengali, Gujarati, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu.
In order to perform a voice-based search, users will need to set their language in the "Voice" settings menu in Google app, the company said in a statement.
The new language support will also enhance voice typing on Gboard, helping users to respond to emails on the go and send texts within messaging apps. To enable "Voice Typing", users can install Gboard from the Play Store and choose their language from the "Settings". Then all it takes is tapping the microphone to start speaking. Voice search in these new languages will be available in Google Search on iOS as well. These new languages will also be made available in the "Cloud Speech API" and will soon be extended to other Google apps and products, including the "Translate" app. Earlier this year, Google had launched a set of new products and features to help create more language content and better serve the needs of new users coming online. Google's speech recognition now supports 119 languages in Gboard on Android, Voice Search and more.
The Washington 16-year-old who police allege was raped and beaten to death by his childhood friend and the friend's brother was lured into the woods on the premise of a camping trip and then assaulted for nearly 45 minutes, according to charging documents obtained by PEOPLE.
The Lewis County Sheriff's Office has charged Jonathon Adamson, 21, and his 16-year-old brother Benito Marquez with first-degree rape and murder in the death of Benjamin Eastman, who was last seen alive on June 23 before his body was found on June 28 on a remote parcel of land owned by Marquez's relative.
According to the charging documents, Marquez, who is being charged as an adult, was a childhood friend of Ben's. He and his brother allegedly lured Ben into the woods for a camping trip on June 24, but then knocked him to the ground and assaulted him for nearly 45 minutes.
The charging documents allege Adamson told police he and Marquez sexually assaulted Ben with a stick while he was still alive.
Ben Eastman/Facebook
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Before burying Ben, the brothers allegedly beat him in the head with a rock to ensure he was dead.
The brothers are also both charged with tampering with physical evidence and unlawful disposal of remains and are currently being held on $10 million bail. Information about whether they have entered a plea or retained attorneys was not immediately available.
Victim's Father: ‘My Son Is Loved'
Ben lived with his father in Randle, and his father, Benjamin Eastman, sat in the front row Monday during the suspect's court appearance, reports KOMONews.com.
“I wanted them to look at me, I wanted to look them in the eye,” the father told the outlet.
Ben Eastman/Facebook
Ben's father told the outlet that Ben was a joyful, happy teenager, and the two enjoyed camping, fishing and dirt biking together.
Ben's father said there are “evil people out there. I don't know what makes them tick. I don't want to know. I'm loved, and my son was loved and that's all I'm about.”
According to local station KIRO7, hundreds gathered for a vigil at the White Pass Junior and Senior High School in Randle. Principal Chris Schumaker said it was fitting the service began in the gym because Ben loved sports so much and was always in the gym.
Ben and his family were fans of the Miami Dolphins, and during the vigil, the family released aqua and orange balloons representing the Dolphins team colors, the outlet reports.
On April 29, Damon Williams and his wife lost their home, when tornadoes ripped through their area.
After months of fund-raising, rebuilding has begun.
"Today is awesome,” says Williams. “You can see all the people that are here, they are all volunteers just coming out of the good will, most of this stuff is donated."
Wall by wall volunteers, worked Saturday, February 3, to begin the first phase of construction on the William's new home.
"It started way back in the spring after the tornadoes had come through,” says David Eiland, a volunteer contractor. “The Mayor of Flower Mound came out, saw there was a need and then from there we raised the funds."
Damon and Melanie, are both Van Zandt County Deputies. They were out on the job when their home was destroyed.
"In the line of work of first responders you see the worst of the worst,” says Williams. “So it's heartwarming to see so many people who want to show up and help."
As work was done on Damon's home, crews worked just next door on his mother in-laws home, which was also destroyed.
Related: Officers go to work during tornado, return to find home destroyed
"I grew up in a place where neighbors help neighbors, plain and simple,” says Eiland. “I'm glad to be out here doing it."
Looking past the debris that the tornadoes left behind, Damon says shifting his perspective is what has gotten him through.
"Lives are not replaceable but material things are,” says Williams. "You can look at something and see the worst of it, or you can see something good come out it and that's kind of the way we look at it."
Construction on the deputy's home will take around three months. Volunteer crews plan to come back every Saturday until their job is done.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
RICHMOND, Va. – Chef Brad Turner, AKA ‘the Grill Sergeant', spices things up in our kitchen with his Jammin' Jambalaya. Chef Brad explains how this one-pan dish can be tweaked to use whatever is in your fridge. For more information you can visit https://www.facebook.com/brad.turner.90260
April 10 Sichuan Maccura Biotechnology Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 10 percent to 25 percent, or to be 75.5 million yuan to 85.8 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (68.7 million yuan)
* Comments that product development is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/2FaC3Y
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 28 Teyi Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 0.75 yuan for every 10 shares as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/miBzQR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO, Calif. - The Sacramento SPCA is in need of donations after receiving nearly 300 bunnies Friday night.
The 286 rabbits of various ages are part of an ongoing investigation and are not up for adoption, according to KTXL.
Patrol officers with the Folsom Police Department discovered the rabbits at a home on Pine Grove Way while responding to a different call. After looking over a fence and noticing what they thought were 100 rabbits, they radioed Animal Control.
"From there, the Animal Control Officer went over and was able to see that there was much more than the 100 that she believed was there," said detective Donald Rowberry.
The City of Folsom only allows for two rabbits per household.
Authorities say their living conditions were not healthy.
"The main concern was the safety of the rabbits. They were in unsanitary conditions," said Rowberry.
The shelter received multiple breeds, including Angoras, Himalayans, Lionheads and Lops, from Folsom Animal Control.
SSPCA is in need of small litter boxes, small ceramic bowls, Timothy grass/hay, rabbit water bottles, rabbit toys and rabbit cages.
Their wishlist can be found on Amazon and cash donations can be made on the SSPCA website.
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Greek championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Apollon Smyrni 1 Asteras Tripolis 3 Atromitos 1 Levadiakos 0 PAOK Salonika 4 Panathinaikos 0 PAS Giannina 1 Lamia 1 Saturday, December 9 AEL 1 Xanthi 0 Panetolikos 1 Olympiakos Piraeus 4 Panionios 2 Platanias 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Olympiakos Piraeus 14 9 2 3 31 16 29 2 PAOK Salonika 14 8 4 2 23 7 28 ------------------------- 3 Atromitos 14 7 6 1 17 7 27 4 AEK 13 8 3 2 19 7 27 ------------------------- 5 Panionios 14 6 4 4 18 14 22 ------------------------- 6 Asteras Tripolis 14 6 3 5 19 12 21 7 AEL 14 4 5 5 12 21 17 8 PAS Giannina 14 3 8 3 16 16 17 9 Xanthi 14 4 5 5 12 13 17 10 Lamia 14 3 7 4 12 16 16 11 Panathinaikos * 14 4 5 5 10 14 15 12 Levadiakos 14 3 6 5 8 12 15 13 Panetolikos 14 3 5 6 17 20 14 14 Apollon Smyrni 14 2 5 7 12 19 11 ------------------------- 15 Kerkyra 13 2 5 6 8 18 11 16 Platanias 14 1 3 10 7 29 6 ------------------------- * Deducted 2 points. 1-2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup 15-16: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, December 11 AEK v Kerkyra (1730)
Actress Uma Thurman detailed a series of sexual assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein in an interview published Saturday with the New York Times' Maureen Dowd.
Thurman, who worked with the disgraced independent movie mogul on seven films, said their relationship quickly went from professional to toxic one day during the filming of the Quentin Tarantino-directed drama Pulp Fiction.
Weinstein had invited Thurman to his room for a meeting about a script in a Paris hotel, where he was dressed in a bathrobe. Thurman recalled her reaction to him attempting to lead her into a steam room.
“I was standing there in my full black leather outfit — boots, pants, jacket. And it was so hot and I said, ‘This is ridiculous, what are you doing?' And he was getting very flustered and mad and he jumped up and ran out,” Thurman said.
Thurman described what she called the first “attack” at London's Savoy hotel.
“It was such a bat to the head. He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things. But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me,” she said of the incident, for which she didn't specify a date. “You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard. I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not his track.”
Weinstein's assistants arranged a meeting the next day, at which point Thurman claims the producer threatened her, saying ” if you do what you did to me to other people, you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you.”
A representative for Weinstein denied physically assaulting Thurman and said the producer never threatened Thurman's career. “Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making a pass at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals in Paris,” the rep told the Times, adding that Weinstein “immediately apologized” to Thurman after the encounter.
Thurman expressed guilt for all the women who accused Weinstein of sexual abuse after, often, being led to his hotel room under the presumption that their meeting with him was about business.
“I am one of the reasons that a young girl would walk into his room alone,” she said. “All these lambs walked into slaughter because they were convinced nobody rises to such a position who would do something illegal to you, but they do. … I stand as both a person who was subjected to it and a person who was then also part of the cloud cover.”
Elsewhere in the interview, Thurman described a stunt she says Tarantino forced her to do some time after she told him about her Weinstein encounter.
“Quentin and I had an enormous fight, and I accused him of trying to kill me,” Thurman said of a Pulp Fiction stunt that saw her slam a car into a tree, landing her in the hospital.
The Oscar-nominated actress posted an Instagram message last November that said Weinstein doesn't “deserve a bullet.”
“I said I was angry recently, and I have a few reasons, #metoo, in case you couldn't tell by the look on my face,” Thurman wrote on Instagram. “I feel it's important to take your time, be fair, be exact, so… Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators – I'm glad it's going slowly – you don't deserve a bullet) — stay tuned.”
Read Thurman's interview in full here.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson
An Anopheles stephensi mosquito obtains a blood meal from a human host through its pointed proboscis in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters November 23, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Gathany/CDC/Handout via Reuters
(Reuters Health) - U.S. public health officials declared victory over malaria in 1951, but the mosquito-borne disease continues to infect and kill American travelers, a new study shows.
From 2000 through 2014, more than 22,000 people with malaria were hospitalized in the U.S., including 182 who died from it, according to estimates published in the American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene.
Using hospitalization data, researchers found an average of more than 2,100 U.S. malaria cases a year – nearly double the number previously reported.
Most of those hospitalized for malaria in the U.S. are men. A majority are black, most likely foreign-born individuals who traveled abroad, frequently to their countries of origin, where they often fail to realize they are no longer immune to the deadly parasitic disease, lead author Diana Khuu said in a phone interview.
“We need to encourage travelers to seek pre-travel advice and to use personal protective measures against mosquitoes and anti-malarial medications when they travel to malarious countries,” said Khuu, an epidemiologist at the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health.
“Because a lot of people are not using these preventive measures, it's resulting in a lot of hospitalizations and in half a billion dollars in hospital charges from 2000 to 2014,” she said.
Insecticide-treated bed nets have been credited with spurring a 41 percent drop in worldwide malaria incidence and a 62 percent drop in worldwide malaria deaths over the past 15 years.
Despite the progress, malaria infected an estimated 212 million people and killed an estimated 429,000 in 2015. Nearly 90 percent of cases were in children under age 5 in Africa, where malaria claims a child's life every two minutes, according to a statement from the National Institutes of Health this week on World Malaria Day, April 25.
Meanwhile, the number of imported malaria cases has steadily increased in the U.S.
Dr. Stephen Gluckman of the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia sees six to 10 patients a week who travel to malaria-risk areas in Africa, India, Southeast Asia and parts of South America.
He attributes the increase in U.S. malaria cases to an increase in Americans traveling to developing parts of the world where the disease continues to threaten lives.
He advises people traveling outside the U.S. to consult a “bona fide” travel clinic before departing. “There are several options and significant nuances in advice for preventing malaria,” he said in an email.
Checking the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website for travelers (bit.ly/2k74gQd) also can be helpful, but Gluckman, who was not involved with the study, believes individualized advice is superior.
He warned that people infected with malaria might carry the disease for months or years before falling ill. In the meantime, an infected pregnant woman could pass malaria to her unborn child, and a mosquito could bite an unsuspecting infected person and pass malaria on when it bites another person.
Moreover, Gluckman warned, there is “a very large group of at-risk people who rarely get screened.”
“These people grew up in developing parts of the world but now live in the U.S.,” he said. “When returning to visit their country of origin, they very rarely seek any prevention advice because they grew up in a community that did not have access to prevention.”
“They are difficult to reach but clearly could be accessed by the proper public health programs in the communities where they live in the U.S.A.,” he said.
People who grew up in malaria-endemic areas, especially those who were exposed as children, do gain some natural protection, but they still can get malaria and therefore need to take preventive steps. In addition, spending long periods in a malaria-free area, like the U.S., can reduce immunity and render people more susceptible to infection.
“You can develop immunity,” Khuu said. “But after you move away, that immunity wanes. If they go back to visit, they might not use the preventive measures because they might think they're still immune.”
And why do men appear to be more vulnerable, comprising 60 percent of the U.S. cases? Khuu believes they are less likely to seek pre-travel advice, less likely to use mosquito repellent and take anti-malarial medication, and their sweat might be more attractive to mosquitoes.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oH8XyC American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, online April 24, 2017.
(This story changes "foreigners" to "foreign-born individuals" in para 4.)
Indian all-rounder Ravichandran Ashwin, who has been rested for the upcoming limited-overs series against Sri Lanka, is confirmed to make his county cricket debut for Worcestershire this season.
Earlier, it was reported that Worcestershire had expressed their desire to avail Ashwin's services towards the end of their season.
However, the Indian off-spinner is expected to be available as early as his county side's clash against Gloucestershire starting August 28.
Besides Ashwin, Indian fast bowler Ishant Sharma and Cheteshwar Pujara will also feature on the English circuit this season, ESPNcricinfo reported.
While Ishant will play for Warwickshire, Pujara will continue to represent Nottinghamshire for whom he has been playing since the start of the season. Ashwin and his team-mate Pujara can also face each other when Worcestershire lock horns table-toppers Nottinghamshire beginning September 5. Meanwhile, left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja has also been in talks to play county cricket, but which team he will play for is yet to be decided. It should be noted that none of these four players are part of Indian squad for the five-match ODI series and lone T20I match against Sri Lanka, beginning August 20 in Dambulla. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
NEW YORK U.S. stocks ended a choppy session slightly higher on Monday as gains in energy shares offset losses in financials ahead of quarterly corporate earnings later this week.
Geopolitical tensions added to the choppiness. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday the military strikes against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons were a warning to other nations, including North Korea, that "a response is likely" if they pose a danger.
With trading slow at the beginning of a holiday-shortened week, volume was the lightest of the year so far.
The S&P energy index .SPNY, up 0.8 percent, was the day's best-performing S&P 500 sector, following gains in oil prices.
Investors prepared for the start of quarterly profit reports, with earnings of S&P 500 companies estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Energy companies, hit by a selloff in oil prices last year, are expected to show the greatest strength with a 600 percent year-over-year earnings increase.
"The key will be oil stocks given how volatile oil has been since the election," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma, which has about $50 million in assets under management.
The energy index is down 6 percent for the year to date.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 1.92 points, or 0.01 percent, to 20,658.02, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 1.62 points, or 0.07 percent, to 2,357.16 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 3.11 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,880.93.
Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Just 5.5 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday. The daily average for the past 20 trading days is 6.7 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data.
JPMorgan (JPM.N), Citigroup (C.N) and Wells Fargo (WFC.N) are scheduled to report earnings on Thursday and could throw some light on the U.S. banking industry's performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of President Donald Trump.
Bank stocks have retreated recently as investors question lofty valuations and Trump's ability to swiftly introduce simpler regulations and other policies following the failure of a healthcare reform bill.
The S&P 500 financial sector .SPSY was off 0.3 percent.
Traders attributed a stock dip around noon to unverified rumors stemming from weekend news related to North Korea.
"You've had a lot of geopolitical news that could have driven this market a lot lower, and I think it's a huge relief that the market has held up so well," Dollarhide said.
Whole Foods Market (WFM.O) was the S&P 500's biggest percentage gainer on the day, rising 10 percent after activist investor Jana Partners LLC disclosed an 8.3 percent stake in the company as it looks to shake up the company's board.
Swift Transportation (SWFT.N) jumped 23.7 percent to $24.77 after agreeing to a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation (KNX.N). Knight's shares were up 13.4 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.09-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.06-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 8 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 68 new highs and 38 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Cynthia Osterman)
Sebastien Normandin wanted for attempted murder in relation to a 2016 incident in Victoria
International police operation Interpol have listed a Victoria man as a person of interest.
Sebastien Jack Pierre Normandin, 47, was the suspect of a domestic violence incident in Victoria in late December of 2016.
Normandin fled at the time despite two counts of attempted murder, allegedly in connection with a serious vehicle collision involving a former girlfriend that occurred at 6:30 p.m. on Dec. 27 of 2016. Police were called to the collision in the 1000 block of Gillespie Place in Victoria.
The 1.9-metre-tall (6-foot-5), 200-pound Normandin has been reported as the same Normandin who missed bail in the fall and who posts semi-regularly to social media, has a PhD in history and makes philosophical posts.
Normandin has a red notice status with Interpol – an equivalent to an international warrant – and is believed to have fled Canada to another country.
He's wanted for attempt murder (times two), assault causing bodily harm, criminal harassment, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle, assault causing bodily harm, assault and failure to comply with conditions.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – An employee at a Knoxville motel was sent to the hospital for smoke inhalation after an incident at a Red Roof Inn.
Knoxville Fire Department said they responded to the inn, located at 1315 Kirby Road, at around noon Monday and discovered smoke coming from an elevator shaft. Firefighters said it appeared that hydraulic fluid had leaked onto the hot motor causing it to smoke.
Firefighters said there was no fire, but smoke was created from the burning oil. Approximately 30 guests were evacuated from the motel. No other injuries were reported.
The couple that laughs together, stays together.
Selena Gomez and the Weeknd spent Friday night chuckling away as they checked out a comedy show at the Laugh Factory in West Hollywood.
The club shared an adorable photo of the duo snuggling up to each other as they laughed in the upper mezzanine.
“Date night at the Laugh Factory with The Weeknd and Selena Gomez,” the comedy club captioned the snap on Instagram.
Comedian Tacarra Williams, who performed for the couple, also shared a video of her and Gomez on social media.
“She said I was hilarious,” Williams captioned the video.
The evening's other performers included 2 Broke Girls' star Jonathan Kite, Raj Sharma, Max Amini and Chris Redd.
Date night at the Laugh Factory with The Weeknd and Selena Gomez A post shared by Laugh Factory (@laughfactoryhw) on Aug 11, 2017 at 11:35pm PDT
Hey @selenagomez … performed standup comedy in front of this beauty. she said I was hilarious. #winning #imcuteorwhatever #sheisadorable A post shared by Tacarra Unlimited (@tacarraunlimited) on Aug 11, 2017 at 11:26pm PDT
Gomez and the Weeknd (né Abel Tesfaye) were first caught canoodling during a January dinner date in L.A., then spent months traveling together before making their red carpet debut as a couple at the 2017 Met Gala. The two packed on the PDA for the cameras, cuddling and kissing on the Met stairs before entering the event.
While other stars go to great lengths to keep their Hollywood relationships out of sight, fans have been able to keep up with Gomez and the Weeknd's lovefest. The couple has been unafraid when it comes to packing on the PDA while out in public, while making major red carpet appearances together or posting for Instagram.
RELATED VIDEO: Selena Gomez Shares Selfie with the Weeknd from Coachella
“It's really hard when I would want to spend so much time hiding things,” Gomez previously said in an interview with On Air With Ryan Seacrest.
The “Bad Liar” singer explained a little further saying, “It's too much pressure, and I think everyone gets over everything eventually… I just want to be happy. If that's me just being myself, then I don't really care.”
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
NEW DELHI The International Energy Agency (IEA) does not expect a major increase in global oil prices despite efforts by OPEC and non- OPEC members to reduce output, its executive director Fatih Birol told Reuters.
OPEC and 11 other producers including Russia agreed in December to cut their combined output by almost 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of the year in an effort to eradicate a stubborn supply glut and boost prices.
That agreement, which provided an initial boost to crude prices, could be extended for six months, but Birol does not believe that prices would receive a significant boost.
"There is a tremendous amount of stock in the markets and to expect a major increase in the price is not very realistic," he said, adding that downward price pressure will come from other producers.
"If we see the prices go up as a result of any push from the producers ... we will see more oil coming to the market, not just from the U.S.; we will also see Brazilian and Canadian oil coming to the market."
U.S. shale oil production using fracking technology has turned the world's largest oil consumer into an exporter of crude and products, while Canada is developing its vast oil sands deposits and Brazil is working on huge offshore fields.
The IEA estimates that global oil demand will grow by 1.4 million bpd this year.
Birol was in Delhi to announce 'Association' status for India with the IEA, which through its 29 members controls about 70 percent of world energy consumption.
The IEA sees India as the most important driver of global energy demand growth in the years to come, with its oil consumption expected to rise to about 10 million bpd by 2040.
(Editing by David Goodman)
After creating and presenting dozens of quilts in 2016, some might say a local Quilts of Valor group deserved a period of rest.Group members, however, disagreed and didn't skip a beat as they prepared for two big events this year — the presentation of 15 to 20 quilts to Vietnam War veterans in May and the annual program that will occur sometime around Veterans Day in November.That means chapter members and volunteers have gathered the third Thursday of each month, and they also recently took part in the annual Quilts of Valor National Sew-In Day.“It's a good day for to get a lot of different people involved and really, we used it not only as a work day but also an idea day, too,” said Denise Sinnwell, whose Quilted Window shop serves as home for the local chapter. “It gave us an extra push, if you will, and we had people look for different patterns and bounce ideas off of each other.”For the complete story see the 2/14/2017 New Hampton Tribune.
How should businesses respond to bad reviews?
NEW YORK (AP) — A bad review can seriously hinder a small business' reputation, but dealing with negative social media and online posts is now essential.
The popular online review site Yelp.com recently won a case in California where an aggrieved law firm tried to force it to remove negative posts. Such an action would run afoul of freedom of speech, according to internet companies, but business owners say it could leave the door open to spreading falsehoods without consequences.
There are several measures a business can take to respond to negative reviews to mitigate any potential damage.
"This is something you simply can't ignore," said Columbia Business School professor Jeremy Kagan. "The best defense is a good offense."
Here are some key points for business owners:
ASK HAPPY CUSTOMERS TO POST REVIEWS OF THEIR EXPERIENCE
It's important to be proactive and have staff ask customers to post their experience. The offensive part of this strategy involves having a base of good reviews from happy customers. It's even more important because people who are upset are usually more motivated, Kagan said.
That can leave a skewed picture of a business. A solid base of good reviews will help give a potential customer a broader view.
RESPOND IMMEDIATELY AND POLITELY
People want to know that the owner is professional and cares about fixing legitimate problems. Simple things, like saying "I'm very sorry you didn't enjoy" the meal or product can go a long way with potential new customers checking out your reviews.
"You will often find that you're playing to the audience, which is sort of neutral," Kagan said.
PROVIDE A FACTUAL REBUTTAL
While owners should acknowledge a person's feelings, there are some issues where a factual rebuttal is necessary.
For a restaurant, this could include providing a link to a health department grade or report if somebody falsely accuses the restaurant of being unclean. For some companies, it could mean posting a statement on steps being taken to improve a product or service.
"You're not necessarily going to fix an upset person," Kagan said. "What you can do is limit the impact."
* Anti-nuclear campaign group ICAN is Nobel Peace laureate
* Graphic of Nobel laureates: tmsnrt.rs/2y6ATVW
By Gwladys Fouche
OSLO, Dec 10 (Reuters) - The leader of the group that won this year's Nobel Peace Prize on Sunday urged nuclear nations to adopt a United Nations treaty banning atomic weapons in order to prevent “the end of us”.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) was awarded this year's Nobel Peace Prize by a Nobel committee that cited the spread of nuclear weapons and the growing risk of an atomic war.
ICAN is a coalition of 468 grassroots non-governmental groups that campaigned for a U.N. Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, adopted by 122 nations in July.
The treaty is not signed by - and would not apply to - any of the states that already have nuclear arms. Beatrice Fihn, ICAN's Executive Director, urged them to sign the agreement.
“It provides a choice. A choice between the two endings: the end of nuclear weapons or the end of us,” she said in her speech at the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony in Oslo.
“The United States, choose freedom over fear. Russia, choose disarmament over destruction. Britain, choose the rule of law over oppression,” she added, before urging France, China, India, Pakistan, North Korea and Israel to do the same.
Israel is widely assumed to have nuclear weapons, although it neither confirms nor denies it.
“A moment of panic or carelessness, a misconstrued comment or bruised ego, could easily lead us unavoidably to the destruction of entire cities,” she added.
“A calculated military escalation could lead to the indiscriminate mass murder of civilians.”
Fihn delivered the Nobel lecture together with Setsuko Thurlow, an 85-year-old survivor of the Hiroshima atomic bombing and now an ICAN campaigner.
Thurlow recalled on stage on Sunday some of her memories of the attack on Aug. 6, 1945.
She was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building about 1.8 kilometres (1.1 mile) from Ground Zero, she said. Most of her classmates, who were in the same room, were burned alive.
“Processions of ghostly figures shuffled by. Grotesquely wounded people, they were bleeding, burnt, blackened and swollen,” she said.
“Parts of their bodies were missing. Flesh and skin hung from their bones. Some with their eyeballs hanging in their hands. Some with their bellies burst open, their intestines hanging out. The foul stench of burnt human flesh filled the air.”
The United States, Britain and France sent second-rank diplomats to the Nobel ceremony, which Fihn earlier told Reuters was “some kind of protest”.
In more recent years he appeared in Celebrity Big Brother.
Keith Chegwin became a household name hosting Multi-Coloured Swap Shop, Cheggers Plays Pop and Saturday Superstore.
Born in Walton, Liverpool, the star, known to millions as Cheggers, started out as a child actor.
In later years he took part in shows such as Dancing On Ice, Celebrity MasterChef and Celebrity Big Brother.
Chegwin rose to fame alongside Noel Edmonds on the hit Saturday morning children's show Multi-Coloured Swap Shop.
He also fronted his own hit show Cheggers Plays Pop in the 1970s and 80s.
“People always say ‘you must regret doing Cheggers Plays Pop', but I say ‘No, I had some fantastic times',” he told the Liverpool Echo.
He disappeared from TV screens for a number of years during a well-documented battle with alcohol.
Keith Chegwin (Maev Allen/PA)
But he made a comeback as a host of Channel 4's Big Breakfast in the 1990s.
Chegwin controversially bared all in Channel Five's Naked Jungle, later describing it as the “worst career move” of his “entire life”.
As an actor, Chegwin appeared in films, TV dramas and adverts.
He enjoyed roles in films including Roman Polanski's adaptation of Macbeth and in 2004, Shaun Of The Dead.
He was also a well-known face on GMTV.
In 2001, Chegwin launched a website venture which treated viewers to his own version of shows such as This Morning and The Generation Game.
The star died aged 60 after battling a progressive lung condition.
A statement from the late star's family said that Chegwin “was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend” and that his wife “Maria, his daughter Rose and his son Ted were by his side” when he died.
© Press Association 2017
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Local News > Archive > October 2017 > 6
<< "Police seek information in vehicle breaking and entering at Deeper Life Church" -
Man robbed at gunpoint during home invasion
By News-Argus Staff
Published in News on October 6, 2017 2:02 PM
The Goldsboro Police Department is investigating after an unknown suspect kicked in the door to a home on New Hope Road and robbed the owner Thursday, according to an incident report.
According to the report, late Thursday night the victim noticed a man standing outside his home with a white T-shirt wrapped around his head.
Soon after, the victim heard rustling in the fallen leaves around his home and then a knock at the front door.
As the victim approached the door, the suspect kicked it in, pointing a black handgun at the victim and forcing him to the ground.
According to the report, the suspect pinned the victim's head to the ground with his foot and threatened to kill the victim if they moved. The suspect then took the victim's cell phone, driver's license, debit card and keys to the victim's rental car. The suspect then fled on foot.
According to the report, the victim reported seeing another armed suspect outside the home when the first suspect kicked in the door. The second suspect did not enter the home.
A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico
The group hoping to bring the 2026 World Cup to North America has defended its decision for a 60-10-10 split in games.
The plan calls for the U.S. to stage 60 games, including all games from the quarter-finals. Canada and Mexico will each stage 10 matches.
Carlos Cordeiro, president of the U.S. Soccer Federation, called it “the most optimal mix of cities and matches.” And he said the bid is not anticipating that the world governing body of soccer will make any changes to its proposal, assuming it wins.
“The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflect the resources of the three countries,” Cordeiro told a media conference call Monday. “We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, cities and so on. And that reflects the 60 matches we have on the table.
“But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA has encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition.”
🇩🇪 Germany's World Cup winning goal in 2014. pic.twitter.com/scZrsflbFQ — FIFA World Cup (@WorldCupHQ) March 3, 2018
The so-called unified bid is up against Morocco to stage the men's soccer showcase. A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico.
The North American group presented its bid book to FIFA on Friday in Zurich.
Steven Reed, president of the Canada Soccer Association, downplayed the decision by Vancouver to withdraw as a candidate host city because it could not agree to FIFA's demands.
“I think we're still really excited about that the candidate host cities that we have,” said Reed, referencing Edmonton, Montreal and Toronto.
“I guess to be perfectly honest I would be disappointed in that it's my back yard and I've lived there for most of my life,” added Reed, a native of North Vancouver, when asked again about Vancouver missing out.
Chicago and Minneapolis also pulled out at the last minute.
The 2026 World Cup will feature a newly expanded format with 48 teams and 80 games, up from 32 and 60 respectively.
9⃣2⃣ DAYS TO GO! 🏆🇷🇺
There's been 92 🇪🇸@SeFutbol goals at the #WorldCup so far, but only one produced a reaction quite like this. H/T: @andresiniesta8 😉 pic.twitter.com/xUkGiZQlRh — FIFA World Cup 🏆 (@FIFAWorldCup) March 14, 2018
Cordeiro also cited the “opportunity for record revenues” with all games sold out and some 5.8 million tickets sold, making for ticketing revenue of more than US$2.1 billion.
The North American bid features 23 candidate host cities — including the three in Canada and three in Mexico. That list will be likely be reduced to no more than 16 by FIFA should the North American bid prevail.
Mexican Football Federation president Decio De Maria said it will be easy for those living in the north of Mexico to attend games in the southern U.S.
“I think it is the same for Canadians,” he said. “They can attend easily the games that are going to be in the north of the U.S.”
De Maria called that mobility “a rich powerful tool of our bid.”
The three executives were in Kuala Lumpur where they were presenting their bid to Asian soccer officials. They have already visited officials in South America, Africa and Europe.
“We're not taking any vote for granted,” said Cordeiro.
The U.S. soccer boss said he was not concerned that the North American bid might be affected by anti-Trump sentiments around the globe.
“We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits,” he said.
“Look, this is not geopolitics,” he added, when pressed on the matter. “We're talking about football and fundamentally, at the end of the day, what's in the best interest of football and our footballing community. And we've had no backlash.”
Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — In a week, the Knox County Board of Education will vote on changes to school harassment policies. If passed, the policies would do away with the language to protect gay, lesbian and transgender students and staff.
On Friday, Knoxville Mayor Madeline Rogero sent a letter to members of the Knox County Board of Education and Superintendent Bob Thomas. In the letter, Mayor Rogero expressed concerns with the changes to the harassment policies.
“My concern as you consider the proposed changes is that removing the existing language in the school board's policy will send the opposite message to your employees and your students, even if that is not what you intend. I have heard many questions and fears from members of the local LGBT community, as well as Knox County parents and teachers, about what the consequences might be of deleting that language,” said Mayor Rogero in the latter.
Rogero said she approved the addition of the categories of sexual orientation and gender identity to the non-discrimination policy for city employees. Since those categories are not explicitly protected under federal law, Mayor Rogero said she wanted to make sure employees knew they were in a welcoming and inclusive workplace.
Last week, students at Bearden High School and L&N STEM Academy protested changes to the policy. The Gay Straight Alliance at Bearden High School shared a video of their protest inside the school.
One student can be heard saying, “I don't want to take a step backwards.” Mutual feelings were expressed by the Equality Club at L&N STEM Academy.
Read more: Knox County school board to vote on LGBT protective language; Bearden students plan protest
Knox County School Board members said the removal of the terms does not signify that they are no longer protected classes. However, in the same policies, they are adding the term “creed” as a protected class.
School Board members will meet on October 9 and 11 to vote on the changes.
Read Mayor Madeline Rogero's Letter to the Knox County Board of Education and Superintendent Bob Thomas
As Mayor, I have always said that I want Knoxville to be a welcoming city for everybody. As the Board of Education considers possible changes to the language in the school system's harassment policies, I would like to offer some personal perspective. I rarely take a position on school board policy, but this is about who we are as a community and the message we send to our residents and the outside world. I will also be issuing this statement publicly. In 2012, I proposed and City Council approved the addition of the categories of ‘sexual orientation' and ‘gender identity' to our non-discrimination policy for City employees. I did this after consultation with our Law Department, who assured me that adding these categories created no conflict whatsoever with existing state and federal protections. I believed that it was important to send a clear message to our employees and our community that discrimination in any form will not be tolerated in our organization. Since those categories are not explicitly protected under federal law, we wanted to ensure that everyone at the City of Knoxville understood our expectations in creating a welcoming and inclusive workplace. Knox County Commission adopted similar language to protect County employees in 2013. Other local institutions including the University of Tennessee and Tennessee Valley Authority have similar explicit protections for those categories. So do many of our largest local private employers, including Alcoa and Scripps Networks. My concern as you consider the proposed changes is that removing the existing language in the school board's policy will send the opposite message to your employees and your students, even if that is not what you intend. I have heard many questions and fears from members of the local LGBT community, as well as Knox County parents and teachers, about what the consequences might be of deleting that language. The Knoxville Police Department works closely with Knox County Schools on anti-bullying initiatives, and I appreciate the commitment you have all shown to that effort. We know that statistically, LGBT students are among the most vulnerable to bullying and among the most at risk of self-harm and suicide. I urge you to consider carefully the message that may be sent by the proposed changes in the policy. If there is a need to add the word ‘sex' to the existing language, that could be done without removing any existing protections. I would be happy to discuss the issue with you. Thank you for your service to the students, teachers and residents of Knox County. Sincerely, Madeline
(Adds Mashreq statement, detail, context)
DUBAI, April 3 The head of corporate and investment banking at Dubai's Mashreq is leaving to become chief executive of Noor Bank, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday.
Mashreq, Dubai's third-biggest bank by assets, said John Iossifidis was leaving to pursue other opportunities, adding he had made a significant contribution to the bank's growth in the UAE and internationally over the past eight years.
It said Nabeel Waheed, currently Mashreq's head of treasury and capital markets, would take over from him.
Noor was not available for immediate comment.
An Islamic bank, Noor was launched in 2008 and is 87.8 percent owned by the government of Dubai, members of the ruling family of Dubai and a select group of government of Dubai nominated shareholders, according to its website.
Iossifidis, who has been at Mashreq since 2009, helped overhaul the structure of Mashreq's wholesale bank to bring in more exposure to real estate, non-bank financial institutions, education, healthcare and multinational companies across the region. (Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh and Tom Arnold; Editing by Jason Neely and Mark Potter)
By Deborah Howell
Want a fab time at the flicks this summer? Step out to STEP: The Movie! After watching the Lethal Ladies Step dance team from Baltimore go for victory in dance competition and in life, you'll feel like step dancing on the roof when you leave the theater! Bring the whole family, but especially your daughters and granddaughters–you'll have a fantastic experience–promise!
I love this movie with my whole heart. As a teenager, girls sports saved me. I owe those teammates and coaches so much for their friendship and their tough love. That kind of dedication is multiplied to the tenth power in this gripping film. Your heart will beat as loud as it possibly can!
Finally, a family movie this summer that's worth cheering about!
Don't forget to watch the Lethal Ladies of Baltimore stepping live on Fox's So You Think You Can Dance on Monday, August 14th at 8pm.
STEP is in select theatres now and opens nationwide August 18th. #STEPtheMovie @STEPtheMovie #AD
Here's the website so you can see the trailer:
http://www.foxsearchlight.com/stepmovie/ STEP IS LIFE!
In ancient times, Pine Lake was one of the camping spots for various bands of First Nations
The return of warm weather turns many people's attention to the many beautiful Central Alberta resorts.
One of the most popular local resorts is Pine Lake, situated some 30 kms east of Red Deer.
In ancient times, Pine Lake was one of the favorite camping spots for various bands of First Nations. In 1754, the famous explorer Anthony Henday made his first contact with the Blackfoot First Nation at a very large and impressive encampment at the Lake.
Unfortunately, as the years went by, the area also became the site of raids and battles, usually between the Crees and the Blackfeet.
According to one story, a band of Blackfeet surprised a band of Crees at the Lake and killed everyone in the camp. After the massacre, the First Nations said that the Lake was inhabited by the ghosts of the murdered tribesmen. Hence, the Lake became known as Ghost Pine or Devil's Pine Lake and for a long time was avoided by traveling natives.
The first settlement began at the Lake in the early 1890s.
The earliest settlers were cattle ranchers, attracted by the abundant grass, good water and rolling countryside. Many of these settlers came out from England, giving the district a distinctive ‘Old Country' atmosphere.
The first record of Ghost Pine Lake being used as resort dates from July 1892, when Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Wells organized a picnic for 20 at the Lake.
Robert Page took several out in what was described by the Calgary Herald as his yacht, but which was actually just a small boat. Some of the men spotted a cinnamon bear, but were unable to catch up to it or to shoot it.
Unfortunately, much of the 1890s were very cold and very dry, which greatly reduced the attractiveness of the Lake for either new settlers or summer tourists.
A very bad prairie fire struck in May 1894 and claimed several homes as well as a great deal of livestock, farm implements and hay for the animals.
The following year, a post office was opened at B.P. Alford's, but the postal authorities decided that Ghost Pine or Devil's Pine Lake were either too lengthy or too colourful of names to be used. Hence, the shorter Pine Lake became the official name.
In the late 1890s, the climate began to improve.
With it, the prospects of Pine Lake began to quickly improve as well. What had been brown, dry and cold turned warm, lush and green again. New settlers began to pour into the district.
In 1902-1903, a beautiful wooden church, Holy Trinity Anglican, was constructed on a site overlooking the north end of the Lake. It has become one of the most noted and beloved landmarks of the district.
In the early years of the last century, the tourist facilities at the Lake began to greatly improve.
In 1906, the first Sandy Cove Hotel, a log structure, was built. A new building was constructed in 1911-1912 and its dance hall developed the reputation of having the best dance floor between Calgary and Edmonton.
Moreover, the Pine Lake Stampede was held on the grounds west of the hotel, usually on May 24th (Victoria Day) and became renowned for its horse and chuckwagon races.
Other noted early resorts included one built by Jack Herbert in 1906, which later became known as Rushton's and eventually Green Acres.
Around the same time, people began building cabins alongside the Lake for their summer holidays.
Later, summer camps for children developed, including Camp Gordon and the B'nai B'rith Camp (now Camp BB Riback).
On Friday, July 14th, 2000, tragedy struck.
A powerful tornado tore across the countryside at Pine Lake, severely damaging farms and devastating the Green Acres campground. Twelve people lost their lives and more than 140 were injured. The disaster ranks as the fourth worst tornado in Canadian history.
The damage has been repaired, although the memories of the tragedy will last for at least a generation.
Fortunately, Pine Lake remains a beautiful resort area with cottages, year-round residences, RV resorts, campgrounds, and a high-quality golf course resort.
April 5Azimut Holding SpA:
* Reported on Tuesday it approved the invitation to the holders of its “€250,000,000 2.125 per cent. Subordinated Convertible Bonds due 2020” issued in Nov. 2013 to tender their bonds for purchase by the company through a reverse bookbuilding process
* J.P. Morgan Securities plc and Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking act as joint dealer managers for the Buy Back
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A confident House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) predicted on Tuesday that Democrats will take back the House and immediately push for amnesty for so-called Dreamers and more gun-control legislation.
“When we win and we take over in January, some of the issues that will come up soon are some of the issues that we are asking the Speaker to do right now,” she said at a Georgetown University event.
Pelosi then said Democrats are set to push “gun-violence legislation and background-checks legislation” in addition to “legislation on the Dreamers.”
“Certainly that will be among the things we will do right away,” she continued.
Pelosi also suggested that Democrats would “revisit” President Donald Trump's tax cuts and push an infrastructure bill to “build the infrastructure of America—housing, schools, bridges, water.”
She also spoke about building the country's “human infrastructure,” including education and health care for young people and pension security for their families.
She said Democrats will run on “fairness and justice” and tell voters that Republicans in Congress have been there longer than President Donald Trump and are worse on issues left-wing activists care about like gun control, climate change, and amnesty.
If Democrats do take back the House, Pelosi will not be a shoo-in to become Speaker again. After Democrat Conor Lamb's victory in a Pennsylvania special election, numerous Democrats across the country have distanced themselves from Pelosi, with many top left-wing candidates even in her home state refusing to go on the record to voice their support for Pelosi.
Pelosi, though, is relying on her fundraising ability and political vote-counting skills to regain her Speakership if Democrats take back the House in November.
Time for some mother-daughter bonding!
Katie Holmes, 38, and her 10-year-old daughter, Suri, celebrated the Easter holiday with family at a beach in Florida. The Batman Begins actress shared several photos of their vacation on Instagram, including a slow-motion video of Suri throwing a football.
💪💪💪💪💪💕💕💕💕🎀🎀🎀🎀 A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Apr 16, 2017 at 3:49pm PDT
#family #love #gratitude ❤️ A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Apr 16, 2017 at 11:35am PDT
One of her posts included members of her family, with the caption, “#family #love #gratitude.”
Happy Easter 💕💕💕💕💕 A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Apr 16, 2017 at 9:46am PDT
#beach #family #love A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Apr 16, 2017 at 11:37am PDT
#lemonade 🍋🍋🍋🍋🍋🍋🍋🍋🍋 A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Apr 17, 2017 at 1:03pm PDT
In another post, Holmes also posted a photo of Suri in a dress featuring lemons while the caption read, “#lemonade,” a clear reference to Beyoncé‘s Lemonade album.
My sweetie 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕 #love #beach #gratitude A post shared by Katie Holmes (@katieholmes212) on Apr 17, 2017 at 10:34am PDT
The mother-daughter duo also took a sweet picture together, with Holmes writing, “My sweetie. #love #beach #gratitude,” in the caption.
Suri celebrates her 11th birthday on Tuesday, which might have made her mom a bit sentimental. Holmes recently shared an adorable black-and-white throwback of her daughter, who holds her hair back as she totes a tiny bag and smiles off-camera.
“#tbt my sweet angel,” Holmes wrote.
Happy almost birthday, Suri!
April 28 Adcorp Australia Ltd
* Adcorp commences legal proceedings against Dentsu Mitchell
* Has lodged a statement of claim in supreme court of New South Wales against Dentsu Mitchell Media Australia
* Adcorp also claims payment for unpaid invoices in context of provision of the services
* Adcorp is seeking damages arising from termination of services that adcorp was providing to Dentsu Mitchell
* Services in context of Dentsu Mitchell's role as principal contractor under Australian government's master media agency contract Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
John Stamos and his wife Caitlin McHugh want more kids.
The happy couple welcomed their first child, a son named Billy, into the world in April this year just two months after tying the knot in February, and it seems they're already thinking about baby number two, as Caitlin says she wants more children "as soon as [she] can".
Asked when the couple might have a second child, Caitlin said: "As soon as I can! Right now, Billy is extremely spoiled and we need to share the love, he's gotta share some of those toys and all the things that have been given to him. He needs [siblings] to keep him grounded. If he's the only one, he'll get way too much love because there hasn't been a child on either side of our family in quite some time."
Whilst the couple's top priority is for their babies to be born healthy, 32-year-old Caitlin admits they would "love" a daughter.
She added: "I would love to give him a little girl, but we're happy with boy, girl, just healthy."
The 'Fuller House' star, 54, and his wife are loving their new lives as parents, and find everything Billy does to be "adorable" - even the gross stuff.
Caitlin said: "It's adorable. Even all the gas and stuff, everything he does is exciting. It's like, 'Oh yes, you pooped! That's great! You farted, that's great! You burped, right in my ear! You spit up in my face and I couldn't be happier. There's a lot of positive reinforcement in our house for literally everything."
And Caitlin is amazed at how her spouse has transitioned into the "perfect father", as he now takes on diaper duty without any fuss.
Speaking about John to 'Entertainment Tonight', she said: "He used to say he's not going to change any diapers ... and he's changed so many diapers! He totally doesn't mind it. It's beautiful seeing [John] with Billy. It all feels so right. It feels like this is the way it should've always been. He comes so naturally to fatherhood and I love watching it. I stare at the both of them all the time. [John is] 100% full-on active and fantastic ... He's perfect, he's a perfect father. I can't wait to give him more [kids]."
Local News > Archive > December 2017 > 11
<< "Wayne County maintains its state rating as Tier 2" - "Y's Men deliver " >>
$1.6M grant goes to Seven Springs
By By Melinda Harrell and Rochelle Moore
Published in News on December 11, 2017 5:50 AM
More than $1.6 million in funding has been awarded to the Seven Springs Volunteer Fire Department to rebuild its station after the Golden LEAF Foundation announced its final round of grant winners Thursday.
The Golden LEAF Foundation made final decisions on more than $14.3 million in Disaster Recovery Program funding it received from the North Carolina General Assembly.
The funding is part of the state's $55 million grant program that has provided funding to counties and municipalities that sustained damage from Hurricane Matthew in 2016.
"It's a huge deal," said Seven Springs Volunteer Fire Department Chief Jeremy Price.
"This will, by far, pay for and relocate our station, and it will be used for the purchase of land and all that. We hope to be started right after the holidays."
The old station, built in 1958, had been flooded twice in the last 20 years, along with the facility being too small for the growing department, said Price.
The 36-member department houses two engines, two boats and utility and brush trucks.
Price said the new facility will include generator power and sleeping quarters for the volunteers, and with those upgrades, it will also serve as a shelter in the event of another natural disaster.
Such a large construction project, which includes a 90-by-150-foot station with five drive-through bays and relocating out of the floodplain, could have been a burden hard to bear for the volunteer department that relies on a modest stipend collected from the fire district and the generosity of the community in which it serves.
"We would have had to borrow the money," Price said about what would have happened if they were not granted the money from Golden LEAF.
"It would have been a strain. It would have really put us in a bind to borrow that kind of money."
Price said he and his whole department were grateful to the state legislators that helped them in their efforts to rebuild.
"We are grateful to (Rep.) John Bell, (Rep.) Jimmy Dixon and (Sen.) Louis Pate, and everyone who helped us get this grant," Price said, "We are also grateful to the Golden LEAF Foundation."
The recently announced funding from Golden LEAF isn't the only money that has been awarded to the project in the past year. In late October, the department was allotted $240,000 from the Fire and Rescue Reserve Funds budgeted by the General Assembly.
"It will serve as an economic stimulus for the area - not only just for Seven Springs - but the geography of that fire department. They serve part of Lenoir County also, so in reality, not only will it help the specific area of Seven Springs, but it has regional implications for the entire region of eastern North Carolina," said Dixon, state representative of District 4.
"The benefits are multi-faceted as far as serving as an economic stimulus for the whole area."
WAYNE COUNTY PROJECTS -- THE WINNERS AND LOSERS
Seven Springs Volunteer Fire Department received the largest portion of the Golden LEAF Foundation funding for Wayne County, but it was not the only project to receive money.
Wayne County has received several Golden LEAF grants to date, including $300,000 for the construction of a new EMS station in Seven Springs, $274,474 for stream debris removal in the county and $178,000 to rebuild the Genoa lift station, said Chip Crumpler, Wayne County planning director.
The city of Goldsboro also learned in October that it would receive $285,000 to replace damaged stormwater infrastructure in the Glennwood Trail neighborhood, said Octavius Murphy, assistant to the city manager.
The city applied but was not approved for other grants, including $2 million for adding an earthen berm at the water treatment plant and $2 million to add an emergency shelter at the Herman Park Center, said Dan Gerlach, president of the Golden LEAF Foundation.
Grant decisions related to the hurricane were awarded based on priority, with the repair and replacement of damaged infrastructure being at the top of the list, Gerlach said.
In the final round of grant decisions, the Golden LEAF Foundation received $121 million in requests for the $14.3 million in remaining funds, Gerlach said.
Wayne County picked up additional funding in the final round. The county was approved to receive $150,000 for additional stream cleanout projects to help reduce the risk of flooding homes and businesses, agricultural fields, poultry and swine facilities and surrounding natural habitats.
An earlier $222,250 grant to the town of Fremont to replace the Hillandale Drive pump station increased by $329,450, Gerlach said. The town's $551,700 grant will help with the cost of submerging the pump station, which serves as the main receiving station from the northeast side of Fremont. The station receives wastewater from the town of Eureka.
"Many affected communities faced overwhelming costs associated with rebuilding critical infrastructure that provides services to local governments, schools and public safety services - all at once," Gerlach said. "Our state leaders' direction was clear: get these funds committed rapidly and responsibly to help communities recover as quickly as possible."
For Dixon's part, he said he was glad to see the Golden LEAF Foundation, which was created in 1999, award funding to old tobacco-producing communities as it was originally designed to do.
"From my perspective, the fact that these funds are coming to our area is a welcome event," Dixon said. "Some of those funds, in the past, have gone to projects not necessarily related to tobacco-producing areas, and it is very nice to see these funds being appropriately designated to the areas that were targeted to begin with."
GOLDEN LEAF ACROSS THE STATE
Wayne County was awarded more than $3 million in grant funding from Golden LEAF, and neighboring counties hard hit by Hurricane Matthew were awarded funding, as well.
Wayne County's neighbor, Greene County, was awarded $650,000 for renovations of the recently decommissioned National Guard Armory in Snow Hill. The funding will go to make necessary changes to the facility to house Greene County's Emergency Operations Center, which is something the county currently lacks, according to Golden LEAF.
Lenoir County was granted more than $2 million, with a majority of those funds going to rebuild the county's Cooperative Extension facility on elevated ground as the building received several feet of flooding during Matthew.
Johnston County was awarded more than $2 million as well, with nearly $500,000 going to the town of Princeton to support the repairs to the Beaver Dam ditch. The Federal Emergency Management Agency did apply some funding to repair Beaver Dam ditch after floodwaters damaged buildings on Center Street, but failed to provide enough funding to complete the project.
The county that was awarded the most Golden LEAF funding for recovery was Robeson County. Robeson was given more than $13 million in all the rounds of Golden LEAF awards for issues ranging from the county's schools' infrastructure and equipment to stormwater drainage to a new fire station.
Cumberland and Columbus counties both were awarded grant funding in between $5 million to $5.5 million to rebuild various municipal buildings and to aid in stormwater drainage as well.
A Texas family is working to recover after a malfunctioning Colorado ski lift changed their lives forever.
Scroll for more content...
Kelly Huber was only 40 years old when she and her two daughters were thrown from the lift at Ski Granby Ranch in December of 2016. The two girls suffered broken bones, but their mother did not survive the 25-foot fall from the lift.
Huber's ex-husband, Bill Huber, is now raising their two daughters in San Antonio. Huber invited Denver7 Investigates to the family's Texas home to share how they are working to move forward with their lives, while fighting for ski safety changes here in Colorado.
"We are now a statistic… a horrible statistic," Huber said. "This should never happen. And if you knew about it, it should sure damn never happen."
The family filed suit against the resort in December, claiming Granby was negligent because it had been informed about problems with the lift in the days before Kelly Huber was killed yet kept it operational.
Huber said he has been learning everything he can about what happened on the ski lift, not only to hold the resort accountable, but also to try to bring an explanation to his daughters.
"I felt at some point the girls would ask me, 'Daddy tell me what happened. Why was I so injured? Why did my mom die?'"
His youngest daughter, 10-year-old Taylor, has no memory of the incident. But 14-year-old Ashley has described to her father what she remembers.
"[The chair] started swaying side to side, and Ashley actually got very scared, and shared with her mom, 'Mom I'm really scared.' Kelly told her it was going to be okay," Bill Huber said. "And it started going even more side to side, and Ashley said again, 'Mom I'm scared.' Mom said, 'It's going to be okay,' and then they hit the tower."
A skier who was on another chair when the Hubers were thrown made a video of the commotion below. (Click here to watch if you're on a mobile device.)
In the video, the skier's chair continued to visibly sway as bystanders below tried to perform CPR on Kelly Huber.
"[Ashley] heard them scream out, 'There is no pulse, no pulse,' and then they started beating on her mom's chest. They were trying to keep Kelly alive."
Emergency responders tried for an hour to revive Kelly Huber. An autopsy report showed she suffered blunt force trauma and a torn aorta, attributed to the force of the 25-foot fall onto the icy snowpack.
Ashley's leg broke in three places. Taylor suffered seven broken bones and internal injuries. Their father said while the physical injuries were extensive, the long-term challenge for the family is the emotional fallout.
"I think for me one of the hardest things is I don't have any tools to fix the heart. We work on that a lot," Huber told Denver7. "This is our new life. At the very least, let's try and make it as enjoyable and as positive and as rewarding as we can moving forward."
The family planted a tree at a swim club in San Antonio in Kelly Huber's memory on Mother's Day last year. Kelly was a parent leader at the club. Now, her children and their father work daily to keep her memory alive.
"We talk about her every day," Bill Huber said. "She was an amazing woman. The world has lost one of the better ones."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Calls for resignation of Indiana AG over groping claims
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Robert Scheer, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 This Aug. 9, 2017 photo shows Curtis Hill, Indiana Attorney General, during an event in Indianapolis. Indiana's Democratic Party chairman is urging Hill to resign after he was investigated because four women accused him of inappropriate touching. Chairman John Zody said the allegations against Hill are "beyond troubling and wildly inappropriate." Indiana Republican Party Chairman Kyle Hupfer says the GOP has "zero tolerance for sexual harassment," but stopped short of calling for Hill's resignation. Hill's office did not respond to a request for comment Tuesday, July 2, 2018. (Robert Scheer/The Indianapolis Star via AP) less This Aug. 9, 2017 photo shows Curtis Hill, Indiana Attorney General, during an event in Indianapolis. Indiana's Democratic Party chairman is urging Hill to resign after he was investigated because four women ... more Photo: Robert Scheer, AP Image 2 of 3 In this May 10, 2018 photo, Curtis Hill, Indiana's Attorney General, warms up the crowd at the Trump and Pence rally in Elkhart, Ind. Indiana's Democratic Party chairman is urging Hill to resign after he was investigated because four women accused him of inappropriate touching. Chairman John Zody said the allegations against Hill are "beyond troubling and wildly inappropriate." Indiana Republican Party Chairman Kyle Hupfer says the GOP has "zero tolerance for sexual harassment," but stopped short of calling for Hill's resignation. Hill's office did not respond to a request for comment Tuesday, July 2, 2018. (Robert Scheer/The Indianapolis Star via AP) less In this May 10, 2018 photo, Curtis Hill, Indiana's Attorney General, warms up the crowd at the Trump and Pence rally in Elkhart, Ind. Indiana's Democratic Party chairman is urging Hill to resign after he was ... more Photo: Robert Scheer, AP Image 3 of 3 Calls for resignation of Indiana AG over groping claims 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Indiana Attorney General Curtis Hill faced calls to resign Tuesday after a leaked internal legislative memo detailed allegations that the Republican inappropriately touched four women at an Indianapolis bar, including a lawmaker who said he groped her even after she told him to "back off."
In a statement, Hill lashed out, saying he has no plans to step down while calling an inquiry into the claims a "prejudicial investigation that is deeply troubling."
But three prominent Indiana Democrats, including Senate minority leader Tim Lanane and party Chairman John Zody, said the claims were credible and called on Hill to resign.
"The office and duties of the attorney general call for the highest levels of ethics and unquestionable character and I believe Curtis Hill falls completely short of that standard," said Lanane, of Anderson.
Democratic South Bend Rep. Ryan Dvorak, an attorney, said Hill's actions could merit criminal charges, noting claims that Hill groped a lawmaker even after she had rebuffed him appear "to meet the elements for sexual battery."
So far, no prominent Republicans have said Hill should resign. Indiana Republican Party Chairman Kyle Hupfer said the GOP has "zero tolerance for sexual harassment," but he stopped short of calling on him to step down.
The Indianapolis Star on Monday was the first to report on the confidential eight-page memo detailing an investigation into the matter. The document, which was independently obtained by The Associated Press, was written by the law firm Taft Stettinius & Hollister at the request of Indiana legislative leaders.
It presents a picture of a highly intoxicated Hill who was carousing during a party at a bar in the early morning hours of March 15, shortly after this year's legislative session came to a close.
The document, dated June 18, states that Hill's alleged conduct toward the legislative employees may have been "inappropriate," but was "likely not severe or pervasive enough to result in a hostile work environment." However, the firm found that Hill's conduct toward the lawmaker was "likely egregious enough to meet the threshold of 'severe'" under federal employment law.
The memo includes details from interviews conducted with six women who were at the end-of-session party.
The lawmaker said an intoxicated Hill slid his hands down her back, put them under her clothes and grabbed her buttocks, according to the memo. She told him to "back off" and walked away, but Hill again approached her, reached under her clothing and grabbed her, prompting her to again tell him to "back off," according to the memo.
Hill gave another staffer a two-minute backrub, which made her uncomfortable, the memo states. Another staffer said Hill put his arm around her and slid his hand down her back. When she tried to remove his hand, she said he groped her buttocks, the memo states.
Staffers also reported that Hill asked party-goers if they knew who he was, and suggested they would get better service at the bar if they showed more knee and leg, the memo states.
The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual misconduct or assault unless they come forward publicly.
Hill, a staunch social conservative who is married, has been viewed as a rising star in the Republican Party. The former Elkhart County prosecutor, who is also an Elvis imitator, has visited the White House several times since President Donald Trump took office. In May, he warmed up the crowd at a rally Trump held in Hill's native Elkhart.
"At no time was my behavior inappropriate nor did I touch anyone in an inappropriate manner," Hill said in a statement. He also said he was never contacted by an investigator and that he hasn't "been informed of who made these allegations."
Legislative leaders said in a joint statement Monday that the investigation was completed and "the matter has been addressed with the attorney general to the satisfaction of the employees involved."
Republican House Speaker Brian Bosma and GOP Senate leader David Long declined further comment on Tuesday.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb also did not directly address the matter in a statement.
"I'm in a remote area of Montana with Janet celebrating our anniversary for a few days. I have limited information from media sources I'm able to access," Holcomb said. "I'll return to Indianapolis late tomorrow night. Until I've reviewed the facts in detail, I will have no further comment."
However, Hupfer, his hand-picked GOP party chairman, said he is "continuing to learn about the details of the investigation into allegations."
"It's important to be clear: As the Republican Party, we have zero tolerance for sexual harassment, and that's the standard to which we all should adhere," Hupfer said.
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
Swedish-Turkish journalist wanted by Turkey returns to Sweden
Swedish-Turkish journalist and writer Hamza Yalçın, arrested in Spain in August at the request of Turkey, has returned home to Sweden after Spain decided not to extradite him to Turkey, The Local news website reported on Friday.
Fifty-nine-year-old dual citizen Yalçın, landing on Thursday at Copenhagen Airport, spoke to the media before continuing on to the Swedish city of Halmstad. He was reported to have said: “It is over. In prison it seemed like an unreal dream, but it's real now.”
The Spanish government on Sept. 29 decided not to extradite Yalçın, a Turkish-Swedish journalist and writer who was taken into custody in Barcelona over an Interpol red notice requested by Turkey in August for alleged terrorism links.
Regarding Yalçın's situation, Pen International issued a lengthy statement in August 21. “It is highly alarming that Spain arrested Hamza Yalçın pursuant to a request emanating from Turkey, which through Interpol appears to be attempting to extend internationally its persecution of journalists for exercising their right to freedom of expression,' said Carles Torner, executive director of PEN International.”
In their statement Pen International also said: “in addition to calling on the Spanish authorities to release Yalçın immediately and unconditionally, PEN International calls on all states to take into account Turkey's human rights record when assessing requests for international law enforcement cooperation. Furthermore, PEN International calls on Turkey to release all those imprisoned for exercising their right to freedom of expression.” (turkishminute.com)
Related
SEOUL, April 20 South Koreans who have lost their jobs or gone out of business will be allowed to delay repaying principal on their loans for up to three years, starting from the second half of this year, the Financial Services Commission (FSC) said in a statement.
The plan aims to reduce the debt burden on some of the country's most vulnerable households as borrowing costs rise.
The FSC will require banks and financial institutions to implement the changes within this year so that qualifying borrowers can refinance their debt if they wish.
For households with mortgages to qualify for delayed repayment, the property they own must be valued at 600 million won ($525,000) or less, and they will still need to make interest payments.
The Bank of Korea's eight cuts in benchmark interest rates since 2012 to the current rock-bottom 1.25 percent have prompted a borrowing binge that has sent household debt to a record high.
In the fourth quarter of last year household debt soared 11.7 percent from a year earlier to 1,344.3 trillion won, the fastest pace in over a decade, as borrowers continued to take advantage of record-low interest rates.
But home loans and credit extended to households grew at a slower pace in the first quarter of this year compared to a year earlier, the FSC said, without disclosing the total amount outstanding.
While risks stemming from rising household debt are expected to stabilize going forward, the debt-servicing capacity of low-income households may fall as market interest rates rise, the regulator said. ($1 = 1,140.7000 won) (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
[India], June 15 (ANI-Businesswire India): Dassault Aviation and Reliance Defence, in cooperation with its partners, rally the Indian aerospace industry in New Delhi
Today, Dassault Aviation along with its key partner Reliance Defence hosted close to 200 delegates from the aerospace industry, from different parts in India representing over 60 Indian companies and 25 French companies in New Delhi.
This event in cooperation with Rafale Industrial Partners viz. Thales, Safran and MBDA was to promote Business to Business (B2B) interactions between the French and Indian aerospace manufacturers.
In keeping with the Skill India plan of the government, this B2B interface between the French and domestic Indian entrepreneurs aims to deepen existing links, create new opportunities of collaboration and work towards establishing a full-fledged defense manufacturing eco-system in India. The ambition is to develop a complete supply chain allowing the completion of the existing ambitious Rafale offsets obligations under the Rafale contract signed in September 2016 (obligations representing 50 percent of the total amount of the acquisition contract of 36 Rafale) and build a strong base for the success of Rafale under the "Make in India" initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. As part of this cooperation between Indian and French companies, Indian partners will benefit in a unique way from the technological know-how transfers opportunities while thousands of Indian engineers and technicians will benefit from a massive skills transfer opportunity. The Dassault Reliance Aerospace Limited will be part of the planned aerospace park in Nagpur and plans to develop an indigenous value added supply chain, thereby building a strong base for success of the Rafale program under the "Make in India" initiative of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. This B2B event to connect with industry luminaries and exchanges in New Delhi envisions key partnerships with MSMEs that will position India as an international supplier in the global aerospace domain. The impetus of "Make in India" will charter a progressive path for French and Indian industrial partners to help India meet its key strategic defence requirements and pave the way for a successful induction of the Rafale aircraft in the Indian Air Force. (ANI-Businesswire India)
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Can a splash of gray pavement paint help combat global warming?
Published 11:40 AM, August 14, 2017
LOS ANGELES, USA – Can a splash of gray pavement paint help combat global warming?
In Los Angeles, where summer temperatures regularly surpass 100 degrees Fahrenheit (38 degrees Celsius), workers are coating streets in special gray treatments in a bid to do just that.
The City of Angels, home to 4 million people, is the first major city to test the technology.
Normal black asphalt absorbs 80 to 95% of sunlight, while the gray "cool pavement" reflects it – dramatically lowering ground temperature and reducing urban street heat, advocates of the method say.
During a demonstration of the technique, Jeff Luzar – sales director at GuardTop, which markets the product – showed how applying the paint could drop street temperatures by about 12 degrees Fahrenheit after just one coat.
Los Angeles is the first city in California to test the treatment on a public road, after initial trials on parking lots, according to Greg Spotts, assistant director of the city's Bureau of Street Services.
"We're hoping to inspire other cities to experiment with different ways to reduce the heat island effect," he said. "And we're hoping to get manufacturers to come up with some new products."
"Potentially there could be a huge market for cool pavement products, and in fact, it's part of a much larger economic trend where solutions for climate change could be the next great investments for the future," Spotts added.
The city will also monitor how Angelenos react to the newfangled asphalt – and how quickly the notoriously thick LA traffic dirties the gray coating.
'Right approach'
George Ban-Weiss, an assistant professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the University of Southern California, said cool pavements show promise in reducing heat, but "may have some environmental penalties."
"Recent and current research is working out whether the environmental benefits of cool pavements outweigh those penalties," Ban-Weiss told Agence France-Presse.
Still, "the city of Los Angeles is taking the right approach and installing and assessing several cool pavement test sections before committing to widespread adoption," he said.
Ban-Weiss noted that heat mitigation strategies like planting trees along streets and using cool roofing materials were more "no-brainer" remedies.
Alan Barreca, an environmental science professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, said the pavement cooling technology could be more equitable than current methods like air conditioning.
"Not everyone has the resources to use air conditioning, so there's concern that some low-income families will suffer," he said. "That bothers me on a moral dimension. The pavement would provide benefits to everyone."
"It can protect people who have to be outdoors," he added.
Plus, he added, "lower temperatures – due to the pavement – mean less reliance on air conditioning. So, that means less greenhouse gases." – Rappler.com
The Revelstoke Aquaducks dress up in 80s costumes for their team cheer, which they did to the song Safety Dance, at the regional summer swim competition in Kamloops. ~ Photo contributed
Contributed by the Revelstoke Aquaducks
The end to the summer swim season is almost here! The Revelstoke Aquaducks will be sending more than 30 swimmers to the BC Summer Swim Championships this weekend in Kamloops.
Over the long weekend, the Aquaducks sent about 40 swimmers to participate in the Okanagan Regional Championships in Kamloops. In the BC Summer Swimming Association, the top three fastest swimmers in every age group and in every event qualify for the province championships.
The Aquaducks performed very well at regionals and the club had a top three finisher in almost every event. Eighteen Aquaducks swimmers qualified in the 100 metre and 200 metre individual medley events. Fifteen swimmers qualified in the 50 metre freestyle and 16 separate Aquaducks relay teams qualified for provincials.
Special mentions go out to Cecilia Hobgoode, Maya Royle, and Fiona Woodman, who all came top three out of 20 young girls in the 100 metre individual medley.
Division 3 swimmers Madeleine Hobgoode and Kayln Gale placed top three in all of their events over the weekend. Bence Berkenbosch, Erik Brosch, Nolan Gale, William Hobgoode, Stefan Spataro, and Cohen Maddison all placed high in their events, and all are going to provincials. Even the coaches qualified!
Out of 40 swimmers, the Aquaducks had more than 50 personal best times and more than 30 provincial qualifiers. Everyone is excited to showcase their speed and skill to the province from August 18–20 at the Thomson Rivers University pool in Kamloops.
Way to go ‘Ducks!
Indian all-rounder Ravichandran Ashwin, who has been rested for the upcoming limited-overs series against Sri Lanka, is confirmed to make his county cricket debut for Worcestershire this season.
Earlier, it was reported that Worcestershire had expressed their desire to avail Ashwin's services towards the end of their season.
However, the Indian off-spinner is expected to be available as early as his county side's clash against Gloucestershire starting August 28.
Besides Ashwin, Indian fast bowler Ishant Sharma and Cheteshwar Pujara will also feature on the English circuit this season, ESPNcricinfo reported.
While Ishant will play for Warwickshire, Pujara will continue to represent Nottinghamshire for whom he has been playing since the start of the season. Ashwin and his team-mate Pujara can also face each other when Worcestershire lock horns table-toppers Nottinghamshire beginning September 5. Meanwhile, left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja has also been in talks to play county cricket, but which team he will play for is yet to be decided. It should be noted that none of these four players are part of Indian squad for the five-match ODI series and lone T20I match against Sri Lanka, beginning August 20 in Dambulla. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
CHATSWORTH, Ont. — Provincial police say a man is recovering after an officer found him unresponsive and administered a medication to reverse opioid overdoses.
Police say the officer responded to a report of an unresponsive man in Chatsworth, Ont., early Monday morning.
They say the officer found the man without vital signs and began to perform CPR.
OPP say when the man remained unresponsive the officer administered naloxone and the man began to breathe but remained unconscious.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
KENSINGTON, P.E.I. -- A police force in a tiny Prince Edward Island community is building an international social media audience, leveraging irreverent humour and pop-culture references to draw an audience for serious messages.
Const. Robb Hartlen of the Kensington Police Force says humour helps get people listening on drinking and driving, winter safety, drugs and whatever else.
"Why not get away from just hammering down the message, and soften it up with a little bit of humour?" he said.
More than a quarter of a million people have viewed a picture posted last Friday -- or 4-20, known by many as Weed Day.
It shows a simple trap consisting of a box propped-up by a stick, with snack foods and video games as the bait. The caption: "Snowy and blustery out, but undercover .420 operations are all ready to roll out. Now we just sit and wait..."
Hartlen said they're not trying to be sensational with such posts, but instead trying to open a dialogue.
"It was our tongue-in-cheek look at the stereotypes of, if you smoke weed you get the munchies and want to sit down and play video games," Hartlen said.
Sometimes the approach works, he said, and sometimes it doesn't.
In late 2016 the force had to apologize after posting that drivers arrested for drinking and driving would be forced to listen to the Alberta rock band Nickelback.
That post had more than 23-million views before it was removed.
"Some people say that was a bad post, but I still look at it as a very positive post because it gave us a wider audience to follow up with an anti-drinking and driving message, which is what that message was in the first place," he said.
Hartlen said the Facebook page has given them the platform to talk about important messages and reach people well beyond the town's borders.
He said if they have a funny message one day, then they can do something more serious the next day.
Earlier this year, the force posted a video describing the dangers of eating laundry detergent pods.
The force did a Facebook Live post with a veterinarian inside an enclosed car on a hot day to talk about what was happening. They also did one on the dangers of the drug fentanyl, which has gotten about two-million views.
Hartlen said while his initial efforts at humour raised some eyebrows with his bosses, they see the benefits of getting people to visit the website on a regular basis.
"When you get the comical posts, people will keep following. Then you have the opportunity to do the serious posts," he said.
-- By Kevin Bissett in Fredericton.
Dennis Brantner has been found guilty of second degree reckless homicide in the 1990 death of Berit Beck after accepting a plea deal, the Fond du Lac County District Attorney's Office said Friday.
Scroll for more content...
District Attorney Eric Toney announced the news after Judge Robert Wirtz accepted a guilty plea from Brantner. Sentencing has been set for March 1.
"We want to thank everyone from the Fond du Lac DA's office, Sheriff's Office, and the family and friends that have supported us for so many years," Berit's parents Dave and Diane Beck said in a statement. "We support this outcome and look forward to addressing the court at the upcoming sentencing hearing."
Berit Beck went missing in 1990 on her way home from a computer class in Appleton. Her van was found two days later in Fond du Lac. Her body was found a month later in Waupun. In 2014 her cold case was reopened, and new DNA testing found matches to Brantner in Beck's van.
A hung jury left the case undecided in June of 2016, but a new judge was assigned to the case shortly after when lawyers argued he made biased comments during proceedings.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States on Monday of turning the Korean Peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”
Kim In Ryong told a news conference that “if the U.S. dares opt for a military action,” North Korea “is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S.”
He said the Trump administration's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again “proves the U.S. reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario.”
Kim stressed that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill” aimed at his country, formally the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
“The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot,” he said.
Tensions have escalated over North Korean moves to accelerate its weapons development. The North conducted two nuclear tests and 24 ballistic missile tests last year, defying six Security Council sanctions resolutions banning any testing, and it has launched more missiles this year including a failed attempt this past weekend.
The North's Foreign Ministry said the missile launches are as part of a normal process of building up the country's defenses and economy. Ministry official Kim Chang Min also said in the interview in Pyongyang that the U.N., the Security Council and big countries ignored South Korean missile launches and Japanese surveillance satellites.
“This is the limit of double standards,” Kim of the Foreign Ministry said. “How can we have any dialogue to get any result with anyone who has this kind of approach?”
On Monday, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence traveled to the Demilitarized Zone dividing the Koreas and warned Pyongyang that “the era of strategic patience is over.”
After 25 years of trying to deal patiently with North Korea's nuclear and missile ambitions, Pence said, “all options are on the table” to deal with threat.
Deputy U.N. Ambassador Kim said North Korea's policy is shaped by the Trump administration's push for “high-intensity sanctions” against the country, deploying tactical nuclear weapons in South Korea and launching military action aimed at “beheading” the North's leadership headed by Kim Jong-un.
He said rolling back the hostile U.S. policy toward the DPRK “is the precondition to solving all the problems in the Korean Peninsula.”
Kim called the news conference to “categorically reject” the U.S. decision to hold an open meeting of the Security Council on April 28 on North Korea's nuclear program which is scheduled to be chaired by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
He called it “another abuse of authority” by the United States, which holds the Security Council presidency this month, and a violation of the DPRK's sovereignty.
Kim ignored questions about the DPRK's relationship with China and reports that the government didn't respond to requests from Chinese officials for a meeting.
Instead he reiterated two Chinese proposals that the U.S. rejected.
One called for “dual-track” talks on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula — the top priority of the United States — and replacing the armistice that ended the 1950-53 Korean War with a formal peace treaty, a key demand of Pyongyang. The other called for a freeze on U.S.-South Korean military exercises and a freeze on DPRK missile and nuclear tests.
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
President Donald Trump again expressed his frustration with Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Twitter Wednesday, citing remarks from Rep. Trey Gowdy on Fox News.
Gowdy said that he understood why Trump was frustrated with Sessions, because the Alabama Senator should have explained to the president that he would recuse himself from the Russia investigation before taking the job.
“There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else,” Gowdy concluded.
“And I wish I did!” Trump added on Twitter.
Trump frustration with Sessions has mounted in recent days, particularly after learning that Sessions was a key witness for Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation of charges against the president for obstruction.
The New York Times reported that Trump asked Sessions in March 2017 to un-recuse himself from the Russia investigation.
Sessions refused, prompting more anger from the president.
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don't think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country's…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
….chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I'm not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too…and that's how I read that – Senator Sessions, why didn't you tell me before I picked you….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
In Biloxi, art lovers were in for a treat at the first downtown First Friday event of 2018.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Uruguay qualified for the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan when it beat Canada 32-31 to advance 10-point winners on aggregate on Saturday.
Uruguay won the first leg of the Americas playoff 38-29 in Vancouver a week ago.
At its fourth Rugby World Cup, the Teros will go in Pool D with Australia, Wales, Georgia, and Fiji.
Canada, which has never missed a Rugby World Cup, has a last chance to qualify through a repechage tournament in November.
As in Vancouver where Uruguay won from 10 points down in the first half, it had to pull off another comeback in the second leg.
Canada started off 15-0 in Montevideo and led 18-10 at halftime.
Uruguay didn't get ahead until the 64th minute, when inside centre Andres Vilaseca hacked a dropped pass by the Canadians and scooped and scored in a 40-meter move.
Canada replied with a try to replacement prop Djustice Sears-Duru in a rolling maul, but the one-point lead lasted only five minutes.
Vilaseca pounced on another loose pass to run in another converted try untouched from 30 metres out.
With time up, Canada scored long-range from the last lineout, leading try-scorer DTH van der Merwe finishing the match as he started it with a try. He has 31 in 49 tests.
MONROE, La. — Frank Bartley IV had 22 points to lead Louisiana to its 20th win of the season, beating Louisiana-Monroe 80-59 on Saturday to remain undefeated in Sun Belt Conference play.
This was the earliest date in school history for the Ragin' Cajuns to reach the 20-win mark. Louisiana (20-3, 10-0) has won 20 games for the fourth time in the past five years. The win also gives Louisiana 16 straight Sun Belt wins over two seasons.
The Ragin' Cajuns will face Georgia State, the second-place team, on Thursday.
Malik Marquetti had 17 points, JaKeenan Gant added 14 with six blocks and Johnathan Stove and Bryce Washington chipped in 12 apiece for the Ragin' Cajuns.
The Taoiseach has insisted he strongly believes that a free press is a corner stone of democracy and freedom.
It comes after he reportedly said that he sympathises with US President Donald Trump's attacks on what the media.
Speaking during a private lunch in New York yesterday, Leo Varadkar reportedly accused journalists of trivializing politics saying they are more interested in Leinster House gossip than the important issues
He was quoted as saying that journalists “were never held to account when they make mistakes.”
.@MaryLouMcDonald says @campaignforleo alleged remarks in NYC criticising the media are odd and he “appears to lose the run of himself” when he goes to the U.S pic.twitter.com/0aC9r4W3Gc — Paul Quinn (@pdquinn7) July 4, 2018
His comments have been roundly criticised by opposition politicians – with the National Union of Journalists warning that the comments are damaging to Ireland's reputation as a modern democracy.
Speaking in the Dáil this afternoon, the Taoiseach said: “I profoundly regret if anyone in the country thinks in any way that I don't support a free press or don't respect the work of journalists.”
“I strongly believe that the free press is essential for democracy to function,” he said.
“It is important work; it is essential work and in a free society or a democracy, the work of a free press is as important as the work of the Parliamentary system of the court system.
“That is why I personally – and the Government – support the work of the news media.”
Leo Varadkar at the New York Stock Exchange
Mr Varadkar issued his criticism of the media at a private lunch for young Irish people working in New York during his trip to support Ireland's bid for a seat on the UN Security Council.
The Irish Times report that during the meal, he said President Trump's continued attacks on the press were one of the few things he could sympathise with him on.
He also complained about the large number of journalists covering the Dáil.
After the value of investigative journalism was pointed out to him, he said some investigative journalism is incorrect, citing Prime Time as an example.
He also claimed journalists focus their attention on technology and social media companies because they are taking away their business.
Taoiseach must clarify NYC comments on media. Respect for freedom of expression is a core value of UN . Attributed comments are damaging to Ireland's reputatiion as a modern democracy, given Trump's views on press freedom. @morningireland @IrishTimes pic.twitter.com/1LDRGFXbqA — Séamus Dooley (@Seamusdo) July 4, 2018
This morning, NUJ Irish General Secretary Seamus Dooley said that given President Trump's well known views on press freedom, the comments are damaging to Ireland's reputation as a modern democracy.
"If the object of the visit to New York was to project Ireland as a modern democracy, then expressing sympathy with Donald Trump's views on the media was a spectacular own goal by An Taoiseach," he said.
"Freedom of expression is a core principle of the United Nations.
"Donald Trump has shown nothing but contempt for the media and it is disturbing that Mr Varadkar should in any way align himself with the views of the American president on this issue."
He also took aim at Mr Varadkar's "cowardly decision" to make the comments at an off-the-record event.
This morning the Sinn Féin President Mary Lou McDonald noted that, "when the Taoiseach goes to America, he seems to lose the run of himself."
“Of course, it is very serious that the head of Government would launch such an attack in such an indiscriminate Way.”
There was a very positive conversation about media and fake news. Says he said he got a fair hearing in the media - and that journalists were under pressure to produce stories - but none of that was reported — Juliette Gash (@JulietteGash) July 4, 2018
Meanwhile, Fianna Fáil communications spokesperson Timmy Dooley said he was "somewhat baffled" as to how the Taoisaech could view himself as a victim of the media.
“From the reports that I have read he has not identified any particular event within the media generally so I think we are left at a loss as to what specifically he is talking about.”
“The coverage that he has enjoyed would point to probably a very long extended honeymoon period," he said.
"I think we are left at a loss as to what specifically he is talking about.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
[India], June 15 (ANI): The Supreme Court on Thursday will hear a petition challenging the Centre's notification banning the sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter, a move that received flak since its announcement.
The petition was filed by a Hyderabad-based lawyer, Fahim Qureshi, stating that the order was discriminatory and unconstitutional, as it prevented cattle traders from earning their livelihood.
On May 25, the Centre through an order imposed a ban on the sale of cattle, including cows, for slaughter and restricted cattle trade solely to farm owners.
Minister for Environment, Forest and Climate Change Harsh Vardhan had ordered that the ministry has notified the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017 to ensure that the sale of cattle is not meant for slaughter purposes. Regulating animal trade is a state business but animal welfare is a central subject, thereby providing the window for the ministry to notify the rule. In lieu of this, there was widespread opposition of the order, with many states openly denying accepting the notification. Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan last month said he would call for a meeting of all the Chief Ministers, asserting that the Union Government does not have the right to issue such an order on cattle slaughter ban. Vijayan further said that the Centre's new rule is an impermissible encroachment into the domain of the State Legislatures which is a clear 'violation of the spirit of federalism.' On June 1, the students of the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT- Madras) staged protest against the same. With the police deployed in front of the IIT campus, the students protested at the main gate and raised slogans against the Centre's controversial notification. (ANI)
VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- Multiple news reports indicate the Vatican has made substantial progress in reaching an agreement with China's communist government on the naming of bishops for several dioceses.
The news agency Reuters and The Wall Street Journal both reported Feb. 1 that the deal would involve two bishops recognized by the Holy See stepping aside to make way for two bishops chosen by the government-controlled Chinese Catholic Patriotic Association; the new bishops would have to recognize the authority of the pope and ask forgiveness for having accepted ordination without papal approval.
Both articles relied on unnamed sources at the Vatican. Greg Burke, director of the Vatican press office, would not comment when contacted by Catholic News Service Feb. 2.
However, the reports coincide with claims made by Cardinal Joseph Zen Ze-kiun, retired archbishop of Hong Kong, who announced in late January that he had met personally with Pope Francis to express his opposition to the plan and to deliver into the pope's hands a letter from one of the bishops involved.
Ucanews.com reported Feb. 1 that 88-year-old Bishop Peter Zhuang Jianjian of Shantou confirmed in a telephone conversation that he had met with Vatican officials in Beijing in December.
Earlier, ucanews.com had reported that Bishop Zhuang, who is recognized by the Vatican, was asked to retire to make way for a bishop who was excommunicated by the Vatican after being appointed by the patriotic association and illicitly ordained. Reuters reported that under the agreement, the government would recognize Bishop Zhuang as the "emeritus" bishop and his successor would reconcile with the Holy See.
Also under the agreement, according to Reuters, Bishop Vincent Guo Xijin, 59, of Mindong, another Vatican-recognized bishop, would become the auxiliary bishop of the diocese and serve under the government-approved bishop of the diocese, Bishop Zhan Silu, 57.
According to Reuters' source, both Vatican-backed prelates recognized they would be making sacrifices for the greater good of the church. In addition, the source said, there was "a gentleman's agreement" on seven government-backed bishops who would be made legitimate after seeking a papal pardon but that it still had to be formalized.
The overall agreement foresees the patriotic association choosing bishops, but submitting the names to the Vatican for final approval.
"It is not a great agreement, but we don't know what the situation will be like in 10 or 20 years. It could even be worse," the source told Reuters.
Cardinal Pietro Parolin, Vatican secretary of state, noted in an interview Jan. 31 that "communion between the bishop of Rome and all Catholic bishops touches the heart of the church's unity: it is not a private matter between the pope and the Chinese bishops or between the Apostolic See and civil authorities."
It's the end of an era. The iconic LeBron James banner will be coming down as he embarks on a new journey to the west coast, according to Sherwin-Williams.
Scroll for more content...
The banner, located across the street from Quicken Loans Arena, has become a popular destination for fans and tourists to revel in all the King's glory, but soon it will be just another empty brick wall in the city landscape. Sherwin-Williams said it "is evaluating other options" for its Global Headquarters Wall.
The banner was installed prior to the Cavs' home opener in October 2014 after James returned for a second time with the team.
For fans who want one last chance in front of the banner, you better go as soon as possible before it's taken down this week.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
MEXICO CITY May 2 The amount of money sent home by Mexican migrants living abroad surged in March by 15.1 percent versus a year ago, central bank data showed on Tuesday.
Remittances to Mexico totaled $2.52 billion last month, compared with $2.189 billion in March last year. In February, the figure was $2.057 billion.
U.S. President Donald Trump ran an election campaign heavy on anti-Mexican rhetoric and threatened to halt transfers from Mexican nationals unless Mexico agreed to pay for a wall he wants built on the U.S. southern border to keep out illegal immigrants.
Mexico has said it will defend the free flow of remittances.
Remittances to Mexico totaled $26.97 billion in 2016, up nearly 9 percent from 2015, and the highest ever according to Mexican central bank figures dating to 1995. (Reporting by Alexandra Alper; Editing by Dan Grebler)
March 31 Precise Biometrics
* Precise Biometrics enters into agreement with Zeitec for the licensing of Precise Biomatch mobile
* Says agreement includes a per-unit license fee, and annual fee's for right to use precise biometrics algorithm solution and for support and maintenance.
* Says currently projecting that some initial revenue generated under agreement will be recognized starting from Q1 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Biotin consumers are flocking to Amazon.com to take advantage of Life Glow's 25% discount.
Biotin for Hair Growth by Life Glow Products
Contact
Charles C Harmon Co LLC
888-582-6650
***@gmail.com Charles C Harmon Co LLC888-582-6650
End
-- After recently announcing the special 25% discount on its Biotin 5000 mcg supplement, Life Glow Products have seen a huge increase in orders. Customers immediately rushed to Amazon.com so they can get the biotin for hair growth at a discounted price.Life Glow Products is having the 25% off promo to celebrate the official relaunching of its biotin supplement online. The said product was met with much enthusiasm and support as several Amazon customers were greatly anticipating its comeback after a short break.Biotin, also known as vitamin H, not only promotes cellular energy production and amino acid metabolism but also encourages thicker and stronger hair and nail growth. It has the ability to nourish the skin as well, giving it a clearer, healthier glow. Those who regularly take biotin capsules often say they have noticed a significant improvement in their overall health thanks to the supplement."Each bottle of our Life Glow Biotin contains 60 veggie capsules that are guaranteed gluten-free and vegetarian-safe,"says a company official. The capsules are manufactured in a GMP-certified facility here in the USA. We have also secured a pharmaceutical grade classification so make sure that our biotin supplements are absolutely safe for regular consumption,"he further added.To avail of Life Glow's special biotin promo, Amazon customers must use the coupon code YV7LW5BX during the final checkout. The price will then be reduced to $10.50 per bottle, instead of the original $13.99. The 25% discount will last until this coming June 16th, and is applicable to 1 bottle per customer only.The Life Glow Products official invites everyone who wants to experience having healthier hair, skin and nails to try the supplement for themselves. He advises customers to go to Amazon.com now so they can buy the Biotin 5000 mcg at https://www.amazon.com/ Biotin-Growth- Super-Potency- Supple... Life Glow Products is a trusted retailer of high-quality, pharmaceutical-grade supplements. Its products are available on Amazon.com where consumers can do a search for Life Glow Biotin, Life Glow Probiotics, and Life Glow Turmeric.
PODCAST: Brooke and Jubal What's on your Mind
The hosts go around the room and share whats been bugging them lately!
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Harvey Weinstein says he's putting his money where his mouth is when it comes to fighting President Donald Trump's political agenda.
In a wide-ranging interview with The Hollywood Reporter, the Hollywood super-producer and Weinstein Company co-chairman revealed he will unveil a private foundation intended to fund causes to combat Trump.
“We're going to support [everything] from LGBT to women's rights, more women directors, the National Endowment of the Arts,” Weinstein told THR of the Miriam Foundation, named after his late mother. “I'm going to finance a lot of it privately.”
In an interview before the election with Fox News, the Oscar-winning producer said that if Trump were to win, the country must “come together,” and added that he had nothing against Trump personally. When Trump won, Weinstein said he hoped to see the new president work with former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to forge policy and leave behind the “divisiveness” that has plagued the country.
But when asked by THR about his post-election comments in this week's interview, Weinstein demurred.
“The less said, the better,” he told the outlet.
Weinstein also revealed that he once had a discussion with legendary director Steven Spielberg about producing the Academy Awards together.
“If we could survive each other, we'd do a great job,” Weinstein said, adding that the current Academy producers are “not using technology properly.” He also joked that he would bring back Warren Beatty — who infamously announced the wrong Best Picture winner at this year's Academy Awards — to present the same award if he were to produce the show.
Weinstein also briefly discussed his studio's forthcoming project about the life and death of Trayvon Martin, with co-production by music magnate Jay-Z. He said the New York rapper looked at the parents and said: ‘I'm responsible if this is no good. I will do whatever it takes because they're gonna hold me up on this. I'm not gonna let you down, and I'm not gonna let me down.' End of conversation.”
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson
After a cross-country march with his son Noah, Robert Barnes hopes to set a record of his own (Photo Source: Noah's March Foundation)
In January, we were introduced to 11-year-old Noah Barnes, who walked across America in efforts to raise awareness towards find a cure for diabetes.
On Friday, his dad was spotted biking across South Mississippi.
Robert Barnes is now determined to set a record of his own. He is trying to become the first person to walk across America and then bike back.
Together, Noah and his Dad Robert marched about 4,240 miles from Key West, FL to Blaine, WA (US-Canada Boarder) to raise funds and awareness to CURE Type 1 diabetes. His mom helped coordinate along the trip.
After the walking journey was complete, Robert turned around and started biking across the country.
"It's not an official world record yet because they don't have a category for it," said Barnes. "I have to finish and then I'll submit to Guinness so they'll recognize that I'm the first person to walk across and then bike home."
Noah set a world record for youngest person to cross America on foot on Dec 9th, 2017, according to the Noah's March Foundation official website.
You can find out more about Noah's trip across America in search of a cure for diabetes at noahsmarchfoundation.org.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
(Adds details on tax breaks and companies affected)
By Alonso Soto and Marcela Ayres
BRASILIA, March 29 The Brazilian government on Wednesday enacted a bigger spending freeze than anticipated while keeping tax hikes to a minimum as it seeks to reach a fiscal deficit target key to regaining the country's investment-grade rating.
Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles told a news briefing the government would freeze 42.1 billion reais ($13.48 billion) in spending to meet its primary budget deficit goal of 139 billion reais. Government officials initially expected a freeze of about 30 billion reais.
He said the freeze was larger than expected because the government decided to temporarily drop plans to correct the calculation of debts owed by the federal government, which would have saved it about 8.7 billion reais.
Meirelles added the government would end payroll tax breaks for dozens of sectors, which would yield the government nearly 5 billion reais in revenues. He said that urban passenger transportation companies, railway and metro companies as well communications and construction companies, which are big employers, would keep the tax breaks.
Under pressure by his allies in Congress and business groups to adopt pro-growth reforms that could snap the economy out of a deep recession, President Michel Temer chose to keep tax hikes to a minimum.
Temer will issue a decree to end the tax breaks, but the measure needs congressional approval to become effective. Meirelles said he expected the tax breaks to be eliminated early in the second half of the year.
Some lawmakers from Temer's diverse alliance of more than 12 parties have said eliminating the tax breaks could face same resistance.
The tax exemptions implemented by former President Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached last year on accusation of doctoring the fiscal accounts, cost the country about 18 billion reais a year.
Some of the major Brazilian companies that have benefited from the tax breaks include poultry producer BRF SA, pulp producer Fibria and planemaker Embraer , according to a Merrill Lynch research note.
Those hefty tax breaks and years of heavy spending caused deterioration in Brazil's fiscal accounts, helping push the economy into its worst recession in a century.
A ballooning overall fiscal deficit, which accounts for about 10 percent of the country's gross domestic product, led major rating agencies to strip Brazil of its coveted investment- grade rating in 2015.
($1 = 3.1225 reais) (Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Paul Simao and Peter Cooney)
A teenage girl accused of shooting and killing her mother made her first appearance in adult court Monday, July 2nd, 2018.
Scroll for more content...
At age 15, Anna Schroeder was facing two counts of first degree murder, arson and concealment of a homicide.
Previous reports indicate that investigators said Schroeder shot her mother, 53-year-old Peggy Schroeder, in the head on July 6, 2017 when her mother returned from work.
Investigators said Schroeder then texted a picture of her mother's body to her girlfriend Rachel Helm, age 15, who The pair planned to run away, but first they decided to set the house on fire to destroy evidence, investigators said.
On July 2nd the court found probable cause to move forward with the case. An arraignment was set for August 15th at 9 a.m.
Helm was being charged as an adult as well, with arson and concealment of a homicide. A trial for Helm was set for July 17th.
Capturing Cambodia's masterpieces in Penh to Paper
For architect turned artist Stuart Croxford, Cambodia had always been on the bucket list. Now a permanent expat living in the Kingdom, Croxford has literally put ‘Penh to Paper' in his upcoming exhibition which showcases some of Cambodia's iconic colonial-era buildings and new Khmer architectural designs. Croxford spoke to Post Property about his inspiration for the exhibition and his love affair with some of Cambodia's most historic monuments.
Can you detail some of your work history with regards to your career in architecture and talk a bit about what drew you to Cambodia?
I started my career in London in 2000 and, having studied a Masters in Conservation, I joined a well-known practice which specialises in the conservation, restoration and adaptation of historic landmark buildings in the U.K. and overseas. I had the opportunity to work on incredible conservation and restoration projects such as St. Paul's Cathedral by Sir Christopher Wren and on Christchurch, Spitalfields, London by Wren's protégé Sir Nicholas Hawksmoor, and on Middle Temple, Kensington Palace and Westminster Abbey to name a few others. It was fascinating working alongside seasoned conservationists and I enjoyed learning the history behind these buildings.
In 2008, the recession hit architects and the construction industry in the U.K. quite badly and I moved to China at the beginning of 2011. I spent four years there, based in Shanghai, with various firms working on fast track, contemporary hospitality, commercial and government projects which at first, with my largely historical background, was a shock to the system but also an experience that I learned a great deal from.
I have always been drawn to monuments of bygone eras from around the world and none more so than the temples in Angkor Archaeological Park. I guess it's on most architects' ‘bucket list'. My wife and I started visiting Cambodia on a regular basis in 2012 and were fascinated by not only the temples of the Angkorian period but also discovering New Khmer Architecture in the capital and the decaying villas on the Cambodian Riviera in Kep and Sihanoukville. Working as a full-time artist since 2016, I was also drawn here on a permanent basis due to the arts and crafts scene that is present here.
Where did you draw inspiration for your exhibition ‘Penh to Paper' and how long did it take to come together?
‘Penh to Paper' was inspired by my love of art and architecture, particularly with historical buildings, coupled with discovering ‘new Khmer architecture', largely through the release of Christopher Rompre's documentary ‘The Man Who Built Cambodia'; it was quite surprising to me that this style is largely undocumented in western architectural education so it was quite exciting for me to learn of it. Some of the buildings should be considered masterpieces. I have always been inspired by architectural drawings by the likes of Charles Rennie Mackintosh, Frank Lloyd Wright and Paul Rudolph which has contributed in developing my own style. Buildings are art in themselves and I wish they had a voice as the stories they could tell would be fascinating. The exhibition took approximately six months to complete. I spent time researching, photographing and then ultimately drawing. I keep discovering new buildings and wish I had included them but I can always draw them for ‘Penh to Paper II'!
What were you trying to encapsulate with your exhibition and what do you hope your visitors will get out of it?
I think a lot of things are being lost by the digital age in conjunction with a world which is moving far too fast and I wanted to portray these buildings in a traditional format to illustrate how good and significant these buildings are. Through drawing buildings, in the way I do, I can really tap into the original architect's design and I think my style of drawing highlights the details that make them so interesting.
More often than not, I am surprised at how intricate a building's design is; although some often appear quite simple, they often are the opposite. The National Library of Cambodia and UNESCO buildings spring to mind. It's a good way to underline the standard of the architects that have graced Phnom Penh and who have contributed to the city's fabric.
At the end of the day, the architects have done the hard work, I've just drawn the buildings on display in the exhibition.
Architect and artist Stuart Croxford. Photo supplied
Phnom Penh is fast becoming a modern, metropolitan city with new high-rises often overshadowing the city's historical, Khmer design. From an architect's point of view, how can the capital ensure it maintains its Khmer architecture in the face of modern real estate construction?
I would say that architectural heritage and new development shouldn't be seen as being at conflict with each other. Retaining and maintaining historic buildings are important for maintaining and developing the social values and cultural diversity of this great city. I think adaptation of a historic building for modern use is the key, coupled with introducing a class system for buildings, Grade I, Grade II, etc, whereby historic buildings either can or cannot be altered under strict guidelines. It's easier said than done due to financial considerations but a sensitive approach adopted by developers and clients often leads to a profitable outcome with regard to reputation and popularity of a development; people love visiting and relaxing in historic surroundings and they find them educational.
Good examples would be Van's restaurant, Plantation hotel among others and it's refreshing to see that the Hyatt Regency Phnom Penh is to retain the old Royal Villa on Street 178 as part of the new hotel development. In the past, I have worked on numerous projects where historic buildings, under stringent guidelines, have been given a new lease of life by adapting them for use in modern times through the introduction of new extensions, employing sensitive designs, introducing new materials, upgrading access, etc. Phnom Penh has a growing economy and to keep it moving it is important to stimulate new investment and to create new jobs. Alongside that, it needs to protect the history and character that makes the city unique. Adapting heritage buildings to creative new uses helps to achieve both these goals and provides for a building's future.
What are some of your favorite Angkorian and contemporary architectural sites in Cambodia and why are they particularly special to you?
I'm in awe of the buildings of the Khmer Empire. My favourite is Baphuon in the Angkor Archaeological Park in Siem Reap. The story of its restoration, which turned out to be a monumental jigsaw puzzle (as is the narrative of many others), is impressive. I think we must have got lucky the day we visited as the view from the top was spectacular, overlooking the water filled barays, which portrayed an idyllic sense of how it would have been back in the day. Phnom Chisor, outside of Phnom Penh, is also a favourite for similar reasons. The Institute of Foreign Languages is a fantastic college campus. I like it because of the cross-referencing to Angkorian sites and design principles in a contemporary language and the fact that it has stood the test of time and still functions today as it was first intended to do so when completed in 1971.
Penh to Paper will be showcased at the Lotus Pond Art Gallery from June 21 until August 2.
The world's largest corn mill of global grain company Archer Daniels Midland is pictured in Decatur, Illinois March 16, 2015. REUTERS/Karl Plume
CHICAGO U.S. agricultural trader Archer Daniels Midland Co said on Tuesday that massive global grain stocks are making it difficult to turn a profit trading grain internationally, sending its shares plummeting by their most in eight years.
The warning highlighted a string of trading woes at ADM, which has shed several key traders and consolidated offices amid a global grains glut.
The Chicago-based agribusiness, one of the world's top grain traders, reported a higher first-quarter profit but said the outlook for its agricultural services segment appeared weaker than it did at the beginning of the year. That segment's global trading desk suffered its third quarterly loss in the past five quarters, according to the company.
ADM shares closed down 8.9 percent at $41.67, the biggest percentage loss since May 2009.
The ag services segment, ADM's largest in terms of revenue, tries to make money buying, selling, storing, shipping and trading grains and oilseeds.
But the company has been "facing a couple of years of very strong headwinds into that business," ADM Chief Executive Officer Juan Luciano said on a conference call with analysts.
"With ample stocks around the world, there is a very subdued environment for us to make profitable international trades," he said.
Record global stocks of commodities such as corn, soybeans and wheat, have thinned margins and limited trading opportunities for ADM and rivals such as Bunge Ltd, which reports quarterly earnings on Wednesday.
Together with Cargill Inc and Louis Dreyfus Corp, the companies are collectively known as the ABCD and dominate global grain trading.
ADM opened a global trading desk in Switzerland in 2015 to oversee its supply network. The desk is now trying to reduce the cost per ton of materials traded because of lower margins, Luciano said on the call.
Last week, ADM confirmed it had named a new leader on the desk because Gary Towne, a two-decade company veteran who ran it for the past year, is retiring.
In another major personnel move, ADM has hired a chief risk officer from rival CHS Inc.
The company has also closed its South African trading desk and it shrank operations in Argentina. It will continue to analyze whether other offices make sense, Luciano said, adding that most restructuring was probably finished.
Still, JP Morgan analyst Ann Duignan said in a note that "medium-term risks remain weighted to the downside especially in ag services, which appears to be facing structural headwinds."
ADM said the profit outlook for its corn and soybean processing segments this year was stronger than earlier thought, offsetting the weaker view for agricultural services.
Brisk U.S. ethanol exports and strong U.S. grain exports following record corn and soybean harvests last autumn helped propel a 47 percent jump in net first-quarter earnings over last year's weak first quarter, according to the company.
"Agricultural services results were weaker than we expected, despite benefiting from stronger U.S. commodity exports," said Joe Agnese, equity analyst at CFRA.
Net profit attributable to ADM rose to $339 million, or 59 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31, from $230 million, or 39 cents a share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company earned 60 cents per share, missing the average estimate by 2 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue rose to $14.99 billion from $14.38 billion.
(Additional reporting by and Siddharth Cavale in Bangalore; Editing by Bernard Orr and David Gregorio; Editing by David Gregorio and Richard Pullin)
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
The media can be our own worst enemy. I think most people will agree with that but, in most cases, the media is there to serve the communities that consume our content. And that is typically the motivation when doing stories.
In some cases, though, you have to wonder what the motivation is that spurs media action. One such case is the interview on NBC by Megyn Kelly, wherein she interviews Infowar's Alex Jones.
You may or may not be familiar with Jones, and I need to say while it is NBC in this case, it could easily have been any network. But the interview of Jones really doesn't make sense. He believes that the attacks on September 11th were an inside job by the government, and he believes the Sandy Hook school shooting wasn't real. He believes the Apollo moon landings were faked and several other outlandish claims.
So, again, why interview this guy? Now, he has had some access to President Trump but he doesn't appear to have any influence and again, why give him a larger megaphone? The interview will accomplish nothing - for Jones' hardcore fans – they will be bolstered and for his opponents – they will also feel strengthened in their dislike for him. So, it accomplishes very little in changing minds that are already lined up in their respective camps.
It really doesn't inform either. It does give added exposure to Jones and his message, and that is dangerous. So, again, the media can be its own worst enemy – this is not good TV and gives a large voice to someone who doesn't deserve it.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) — A female stunt driver has died after a motorcycle crash on a set for the movie “Deadpool 2” in downtown Vancouver, police said Monday.
The driver's name was not immediately released.
advertisement
Witness Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash. She ran out of the coffee shop and saw glass still falling on the body of the woman.
A crumpled motorcycle was seen lying on its side at the location of the accident near Vancouver's waterfront.
Police said officers were at the scene and investigators with WorkSafeBC, the provincial workplace safety agency, were also looking into the crash.
Deadpool, a Marvel Comics superhero, is played by Vancouver-born actor Ryan Reynolds.
Khloé Kardashian is excitedly preparing for her baby's arrival.
The mom-t0-be, who is currently in Cleveland, Ohio, with NBA boyfriend Tristan Thompson, is already planning where to give birth, a Keeping Up with the Kardashians source tells PEOPLE.
“Khloé wants to give birth in L.A. That's the plan right now,” the source says. “For Christmas, Khloé wants to be with her family.”
Despite wanting to be close to mom Kris Jenner, and her sisters, Kardashian for Christmas, the mom-to-be might have to spend the holidays away from them if she wants to also be with Thompson.
“Tristan has a game on Christmas Day, so they are still deciding if they will celebrate together, or apart,” the source says. “Either way, they are spending New Year's together.”
Either way, she will have time to celebrate her pregnancy with family soon with plans for her baby shower underway.
“Khloé seems very happy,” the source says. “She doesn't really talk about the baby. She hasn't had a baby shower yet, but has one scheduled.”
Kardashian and Tristan Thompson Seth Browarnik/Startraks
The source adds that Kardashian's sisters and mother are organizing the event, which she wants “to be low-key like Kylie's.”
On Monday, Kardashian shared a sweet tribute to her boyfriend on Instagram with a throwback photo from her 33rd birthday party this summer.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
“The day I met you, my life changed,” she captioned the black and white photo booth snap of the duo kissing. “Thank you my love!”
❥The day I met you, my life changed. Thank you my love!❥ A post shared by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Dec 11, 2017 at 9:03am PST
While Kardashian has yet to officially announce her pregnancy, multiple sources previously confirmed to PEOPLE she and Thompson, 26, are expecting a boy together — due to arrive in early 2018. This will be Kardashian's first child, while Thompson is also dad to son Prince Oliver, who turns 1 this month. The pair has been dating since September 2016.
RELATED: All the Ways the Kardashians Have Been Hiding Their Baby Bumps
A source previously told PEOPLE those close to the Good American co-founder and Thompson are anxiously awaiting the arrival of their first child together.
“This is something Khloé has wanted for years and years and yet it's more than that: She didn't want it unless she was in the right relationship for it. She never let it happen with Lamar, intentionally, and she never considered it with James or French or anyone else she has seen,” the source said of Kardashian, who was married to Lamar Odom from 2009-16.
“But this is such a wonderful moment for her: not only is she going to be a mother, she is going to be raising a child with a man she truly loves,” the source added. “Everyone is over the moon for them both.”
Kardashian isn't the only one in her family expecting a baby. Older sister Kim Kardashian West is expecting a baby girl via surrogate (her third child with husband Kanye West) and sister Kylie Jenner is expecting a daughter (with boyfriend Travis Scott). All are “due around the same,” a source told PEOPLE in September.
“Getting pregnant at the same time was totally unplanned, but they are really happy about it,” the source added of the sisters.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Charter school shuts down amid enrollment investigation
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A Connecticut charter school that was under investigation for discrepancies in student records and enrollment is shutting down.
State Education Commissioner Dianna Wentzell announced Tuesday Path Academy has surrendered its charter, and it will cease operations for the upcoming school year.
The State Board of Education had voted in May to start the process of revoking the Willimantic school's charter after a state investigation found the discrepancies in enrollment could have led to an overpayment of $1.5 million over two years.
A spokesman for the state education department says the state is actively looking into recovering the potential overpayment.
The chief executive officer of the charter's management organization, Enid Rey, tells the Hartford Courant they decided to surrender the charter because the state set "unattainable" conditions for continued operation.
BOURNEMOUTH, England — Substitutes Josh King and Lys Mousset struck second-half goals as in-form Bournemouth came from behind to beat Stoke 2-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
Struggling Stoke looked on course to make it seven points from nine under new manager Paul Lambert when Xherdan Shaqiri headed the visitors into a deserved early lead at Vitality Stadium.
But Bournemouth battled back to score twice in the second half to extend the club's record unbeaten run to seven games and send Stoke back into the relegation zone.
King, who had earlier been booked for a dive while under pressure from Kurt Zouma, levelled the contest following a defensive mix-up with 20 minutes to go. Zouma collided with teammate Joe Allen just inside Stoke's 18-yard box and the ball broke kindly for King to stroke home his first goal since November.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
April 13 Italian central bank says in its monthly report:
* Return on equity at leading Italian banks fell to minus 9.9 percent in 2016, versus 3.5 percent in 2015
* Italian banks took just over 67 billion euros of funds from the European Central Bank at March tender for so-called Tltro financing operation
* New problematic loans at Italian banks fell to 2.3 percent of total loans in the last three months of 2016, from 2.6 percent a year earlier
* Coverage ratio of impaired loans rose to 51.7 percent in Q4 from 47.3 percent in the previous quarter Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
The CFL Players' Association says it's investigating Wilder's and Butler's cases and thus can't comment on them publicly. But president Jeff Keeping says the association plans to push to restore the NFL negotiation window in the next collective agreement. The current deal expires next spring.
“Fans and players recognize the wage gap between the NFL and CFL is so great that it's hard to argue against giving players that opportunity,” he said.
In an interview published Friday on the league's website, Ambrosie also suggested CFL players narrow the wage gap by working full-time in the off-season.
“Start building an opportunity for their after-football life which, frankly, comes up more quickly than you would think when you're in the game,” he said.
Argos general manager Jim Popp advocates returning to the pre-2012 rule, saying it would allow all parties to plan for a player jumping to the NFL in his option year. Otherwise, he says, teams and players make informal deals — like agreeing to cut a player midway through a standard two-year contract — to skirt the rule while appearing to follow it.
The CFL ruled on Thursday that the Lions' release of Awe was engineered to dodge the NFL negotiation ban, and announced it would fine the Lions for the move.
“Our club chooses not to circumvent the rule,” Popp said. “We're in favour of bringing back the rule that allows guys to work out (for NFL teams). It's 10 times more positive than the one time you may lose a guy (to the NFL).”
In 1997, the CFL accepted a $3-million loan from the NFL aimed at boosting the struggling league. The loan carried no interest, but contained the stipulation that the league grant NFL teams permission each winter to negotiate with CFL players in the option year of their contracts.
The winter of 2009 saw 10 players depart for the NFL, with seven ultimately returning to the CFL, according to the league. In 2010, 13 players signed NFL deals and 10 returned after being cut from their NFL teams.
Over the last two off-seasons, 36 CFL free agents have joined NFL teams, with 22 eventually coming back.
Those numbers don't indicate a massive talent drain, but they highlight the CFL's difficult position. While the league has long served as a stepping stone for players with NFL aspirations, losing stars south of the border complicates the marketing of players and teams.
“It's not like the rule was changing the identity of the league,” said Matt Maychak, the CFL's chief communications officer, “(but) maybe we'll lose some good young players just when the fans are getting to know them.”
The dilemma has turned acute in Toronto, where the Argos won the Grey Cup, were acquired by MLSE, and hoped to leverage both of those milestones to expand their local fan base. This winter, the club has aggressively courted potential season-ticket buyers online, with one ubiquitous ad featuring Wilder's picture next to the team's logo and the slogan “This is Argo Football.”
But even as the team features him in its marketing campaign, Wilder — citing a low salary and high cost of living — has said he might sit out 2018 before seeking another NFL job next year. Last week, he issued a statement saying several NFL teams had expressed interest.
Butler, meanwhile, wrote that the Argos knew upon signing him that he didn't plan a long stay in the CFL.
“I made it painfully clear to the team that I was only interested in playing the 2017 season,” Butler wrote. “I saw this as a great opportunity and possible chance to relaunch my NFL career.”
For his part, Popp says both players signed two-year deals with team options, and that both were informed in January that the Argos planned to bring them back. Popp says the club received written notification from both that they were aware the Argos had exercised the option.
He says bringing back the NFL negotiation period would help players and teams avoid off-season drama.
“It gives you a chance to plan and know, even before free agency,” Popp said.
Toronto Star
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CARACAS/LIMA (Reuters) - After months of attacking Venezuela's unpopular President Nicolas Maduro, Latin America came out strongly against U.S. threats of military action against the crisis-hit nation.
U.S. President Donald Trump's surprise comments on Friday may bring the beleaguered Maduro some respite in the region, just as Venezuela was on verge of becoming a pariah over its recent installation of a legislative superbody, widely condemned as a power grab by the ruling Socialists.
Following Trump's assertion that military intervention in Venezuela was an option, Maduro's critics are caught between backing the idea of a foreign invasion of Venezuela or supporting a president they call a dictator.
The sudden escalation of Washington's response to Venezuela's crisis preceded U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's trip to the region beginning Sunday. He is set to visit Colombia, Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Trump did not specify what type of options he had in mind.
Venezuela's Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino on Friday disparaged Trump's warning as "craziness" and Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza said on Saturday Venezuela rejected "hostile" threats, calling on Latin America to unite against Washington.
"We want to express gratitude for all the expressions of solidarity and rejection of the use of force from governments around the world, including Latin America," said Arreaza, in a short speech on Saturday. "Some of these countries have recently taken positions absolutely contrary to our sovereignty and independence but still have rejected the declarations of the U.S. president." It was one of Maduro's fiercest critics, Peru, that led the charge in criticizing Trump's threat, saying it was against United Nations principles. Mexico and Colombia joined in with statements of their own.
Regional alliance Mercosur added that it rejected the use of force against Venezuela, despite having indefinitely suspended the country last week amid international condemnation of Maduro's new, all-powerful "constituent Assembly".
After four months of deadly protests against his government, Maduro says the assembly is Venezuela's only hope of obtaining peace by locking in the socialist policies of his mentor and predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez. Critics say the assembly is a bald manoeuvre by Maduro to cling to power as his popularity slumps under the weight of the country's economic crisis.
Peru expelled Venezuela's ambassador in Lima on Friday, but that did not stop it from criticizing Trump's threat.
"All foreign or domestic threats to resort to force undermine the goal of reinstating democratic governance in Venezuela, as well as the principles enshrined in the U.N. charter," said Peru's Foreign Minister Ricardo Luna.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro gestures as he arrives for a session of the National Constituent Assembly at Palacio Federal Legislativo in Caracas, Venezuela August 10, 2017. Ueslei Marcelino
Peru under President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski had taken the toughest stance yet towards Venezuela's socialist government, and has openly called Maduro a "dictator".
RESCHEDULED ELECTION
The new legislative superbody, which made waves last weekend by firing a dissident chief prosecutor, took new action on Saturday on the country's election timetable. It unanimously passed a resolution to move the country's Dec. 10 governors' election up to October.
Assembly members said the decision was made in part because the election had been delayed due to "opposition-led violence." More than 120 people have died in unrest and anti-government protests since April.
Slideshow (4 Images)
The National Electoral Council (CNE) was asked by the assembly to set the exact date for the governors' election.
Venezuela is undergoing a crisis in which millions are suffering from food and medicine shortages and high inflation.
The ruling Socialist Party has for years accused the United States of plotting an invasion as a way of controlling its oil reserves, the world's largest, through a military intervention similar to the Iraq war.
Previous U.S. administrations had brushed this off as politicized rhetoric meant to distract from Venezuela's domestic problems.
Under former President Barack Obama, the State Department in 2015 made quiet diplomatic overtures that led to several high-level meetings. The effort ultimately foundered as Maduro hardened his stance against opposition critics.
Venezuela's Information Minister Vladimir Villegas on Saturday tweeted a picture of the Statue of Liberty holding a machine gun instead of a torch, and a link to an article describing, "A Chronology of U.S. 'Military Options' in Latam and the Caribbean."
For a graphic on protests in Venezuela, click here
For a graphic on Venezuela's economic crisis, click here
Thestory noted that the sheriffs who met with Sessions support him as the AG-designate and "back Sessions' stance on immigration." I did not see Mr. Freitas directly quoted in the article saying that so I am giving him the chance here to let our readers know whether he does support Sessions, and some clarity on what Mr. Freitas actually supports. For example, Sessions supports deportation of so-called Dreamers under DACA. What's the Sheriff's view on DACA?Sheriff Freitas believes in cooperating with our federal counterparts to keep communities safe. His viewpoints have widely been shared with the community and can be found on a video on the front page of our website. Sheriff Freitas has a policy that Sheriff Deputies cannot ask anyone about their immigration status and we do not assist ICE in immigration raids, based solely on immigration. If someone is committing crimes, we will do our best to enforce the law or assist any law enforcement agency.How did this meeting come about? Was Mr. Freitas invited to join the other Sheriffs at the request of Mr. Sessions? I'm curious about how this unfolded and who and what prompted a meeting of these six sheriffs.Sheriff Freitas will be back next week and can respond how the meeting with Sessions came about.What is Sheriff Freitas' view of any state, city, or county-wide effort to enact policies that generally fall under the rubric of "sanctuary." Does Mr. Freitas support any local, state or county efforts aimed at shielding or undocumented aliens from their potential interactions with ICE agents?What is Sheriff Freitas' view of Mr. Sessions long-held anti-cannabis viewpoints? Does he share Mr. Sessions view that cannabis should continue to be outlawed at the federal level?Sheriff Freitas doesn't answer to Sessions' views. Sheriff Freitas' opinion has always been that marijuana possession, cultivation, use, transportation and sales should be illegal. This has been widely publicized through the Proposition 64 campaign and hasn't changed.Who paid for this trip to Washington, and if this was a taxpayer-funded trip, what was the total cost of the trip to meet with Sessions? Did any other members of SCSO also take this trip, and was the sheriff part of any meetings with the president himself during this trip?This is taxpayer funded trip. No other members of the Sheriff's Department accompanied him. President Trump addressed the group, welcoming them and expressed his support of local law enforcement entities. Sheriff Freitas did not have any meetings with the President. Cost hasn't been determined as he is still on the trip. We have no responsive records.Was there any notification or advance notice, a press release or any public announcement, from SCSO, that announced Mr. Freitas' trip and visit with Mr. Sessions?No announcement was done ahead of time. Sheriff Freitas attends these conferences on a yearly basis.As elected Sheriff of Sonoma County, can the Sheriff provide a statement or comment that lays any of his specific concerns that may have arisen in the weeks since Trump took office, especially as those concerns might impact on LE in Sonoma County and/or in addressing issues where the county's undocumented population intersects with law enforcement?Lastly and very generally, why did Sheriff Freitas meet with the AG-designate given that he hadn't been confirmed at the time of the meeting?Sheriff Freitas met with Senator Sessions to discuss opportunities to keep our community safe and understand how local and federal agencies would best work together to achieve ultimate goal of community safety.
(Updates with confirmation)
PARIS, April 6 The French government said on Thursday it had reached a preliminary deal clearing the way for Italy's Fincantieri to acquire a 48 percent stake in shipbuilder STX France, as Italian buyers aim to take control of the firm.
The company is being sold off following the collapse of South Korea's STX shipbuilding group, but Fincantieri's bid had raised fears for French jobs at STX's site in Saint-Nazaire, on the Atlantic Coast, as well as for French interests.
France, which will retain its 33 percent stake in STX, had at one point contemplated nationalising the firm and was reluctant to allow Fincantieri alone to hold more than 50 percent of the company.
Italy's 230-year-old Fincantieri had agreed to protect jobs and investment in France as part of the deal, French Industry Minister Christophe Sirugue told a news conference.
A privately-held Italian banking foundation, Fondazione CRT, will also take a stake of around 7 percent in STX France, while French military shipbuilder DCNS will have around 12 percent and a spot on the board.
"We're still in discussions with Fincantieri but we've got through the toughest stage," Sirugue said.
STX France, which has about 2,400 permanent workers at Saint-Nazaire, specialises in building cruise ships and also makes military vessels.
France has asked for a veto over the next 20 years on any move to shift a "substantial" part of operations at the Saint-Nazaire shipyard outside the country. It also demanded that Fincantieri retain a minority position for at least eight years. (Reporting by Yann Le Guernigou, Writing by Sarah White; Editing by Adrian Croft)
Volunteers and members of Mount Pleasant and Vancleave United Methodist churches are lending a helping hand to those who need it. Nearly 100 people participated in the 10th annual "Church Has Left the Building" community service event on Sunday.
A A
Responsible owners of dogs and cats license their pets. Licensed animals are easier to reunite with their owners if they stray, and the money generated by the license fees goes to fund much-needed animal control officers and programs.
Those license fees are in the process of being increased, and for good reason. It's been 13 years — that's 91 dog years — since the fees were raised. Paul Scarpelli, the county's animal control manager, has been on a tour making his case to local governing boards including the Vancouver city and Clark County councils.
Scarpelli says animal control needs another $290,000 or so to operate. The county only has four animal control officers to respond to reports of runaway pets, aggressive dogs and other animal problems in Vancouver, unincorporated Clark County, Yacolt and other jurisdictions as needed. The size of the team hasn't changed in more than a decade, though the county's human population has grown dramatically, and presumably so has the pet population.
The added revenue will be used to add a fifth animal control officer and buy a fifth vehicle, plus purchase some new equipment such as radios, uniforms and computers. It will also fund a new community cat program. Officers will capture feral animals, which will be brought to a shelter. There the cats can be examined, vaccinated and spayed or neutered, then returned to where they were captured. The goal is to control the population growth of these homeless cats so that fewer will have to be euthanized. The program has the backing of the Humane Society for Southwest Washington, Scarpelli told the Vancouver City Council.
The cost of licensing is still a small cost of pet ownership. According to the website moneyunder30.com, a dog costs $695 per year to own, and a cat costs $705. Add several hundred dollars more in costs for a pet's first year.
Under the new fee schedule, licensing a dog will cost $50 per year, or $25 if the animal is spayed or neutered. A cat will cost $40, or $20 if the cat is spayed or neutered. Low-income households and senior citizens may be eligible for a half-price discount. The same costs will apply to residents of Vancouver or the unincorporated area.
To make reunification easier, pet owners will be asked for an email address and a physical address, along with the microchip number if applicable.
Of course, raising the fee increases the risk that people won't license their pets. That is already a major problem in Clark County, despite a potential fine of $100 per unlicensed pet. Scarpelli estimates that approximately 30 percent of local dogs are licensed, and only about 10 percent of cats. Perhaps pet owners think that since their animals don't roam, they don't need to be licensed. But the licensing fee goes toward returning pets that do get out despite their owner's best intentions, as well as providing care for other animals.
Vancouver has already passed its version of the ordinance, and it will take effect later this month. Clark County councilors have already had one discussion on the issue and are likely to act in February.
Until the new fees are in effect, pet owners can still register their animals under the 2003 fee schedule, which is $16 for an altered dog or $40 for a fertile dog, and $10 for an altered cat or $20 for a fertile cat. For more information, visit https://www.clark.wa.gov/community-development/pet-licensing.
The heart takes it all in, the tender and piquant,
pings of sadness that stop us in the street,
messages of death carved on the walls,
yesterday's certainties strewn at your knees,
empires treacherous, unknown or golden
and sound of dew gathering, incense of ancient wood.
The heart gathers secrets: pearls of light to part gloaming,
the wildness of fighting and loving, sleepwalking fears,
shadows of scavengers perched upon pinnacles,
shouts of joy flying on a warm west wind,
your victories and beatings entwined as twins,
betrayals like rust in your mouth. Hope abloom in your belly.
The heart knows and bears and intuits all things.
It is a marthoner, meant to service you without fail,
a constancy overlooked as the air you breathe,
it's precision a mysterious matrix, sinew and blood.
It doesn't beg attention nor keep track of favors
nor run you ragged–until it's become too late.
Within its inner chambers reigns a holiness.
Feel the prayerful music and dance? It lives for you.
Shelter and adore it, rescue and honor it
as it starts and finishes every single moment with you.
February is American Heart Month–this is why I am wearing red today and holding up a stone heart I found–and feeling gratitude. Diagnosed with heart disease at 51 a couple of days after suffering a suspected heart attack while hiking, it changed my life. But this year is my 17th still alive, thanks to medical interventions I've received and ongoing management of symptoms. I work at staying well, as 1 out of 3 women (and 1 of every 4 men) in this country die of heart disease. Learn the symptoms and signs of heat attack and stroke as they are not always obvious! Care for yourself enough to preserve this wonderful powerhouse that keeps us going. Check it out: http://www.americanheartassociation.com
Janry Ubas clears 7.78 meters to win the long jump in the Thailand Open Track and Field Championship in Bangkok
Published 7:15 PM, June 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Janry Ubas is proving that last week's performance trial is no fluke as the Iron Man of the UAAP cleared 7.78 meters to win the long jump in the Thailand Open Track and Field Championship in Bangkok on Monday, June 12.
The FEU ace from Cagayan de Oro leapt 10 centimeters less than his feat at the Philsports Arena, which surpassed the winning jump in the 2015 Southeast Asian Games. But Ubas' win established him as a big threat to defending champion Supanara Sukhavasti of Thailand, who won with 7.75 two years ago.
Patrick Unso took third behind a Korean and a Thai with a time of 13.91 seconds in the 110m hurdles. Whether this time will stand and thus break the national mark of 14.12 seconds will have to wait overnight as the timing is being reviewed.
But Unso's third place was a big boost to equal his third place two years ago in the SEA Games as he spent most of 2016 injured.
Ubas and Unso's performances is certain to boost the stock of American coaching consultant Roshanan Griffin, whose 5-day-a-week, sprint-laden training has jumpstarted the sprinters, jumpers, and hurdlers.
Griffin came in after the National Open in Ilagan, Isabela in April. Three weeks later, Francis Medina clocked 51.30 in the 400-meter hurdles, winning the Singapore Open.
"The sprinting drills give them the explosiveness needed for their events," said Griffin in an interview with Rappler.com in late April.
However, two dark clouds shaped up. Khariul Hafiz Jantan of Malaysia, who is the 2016 Asian Junior champion, clocked 10.31 to win the 100 meters. His seemingly effortless win could pose a threat to Eric Cray of the Philippines who won the SEA Games century with a mark of 10.25.
Le Tu Chinh of Vietnam won the women's 100 with a time of 11.47, surpassing the 11.76 winning time of the Philippines' Kayla Richardson in the 2015 SEA Games. – Rappler.com
The pilot involved in a plane crash this morning has been identified.
Charles Mayo, retired Captain of the Marshall Fire Department, was piloting the plane Monday when it crashed south of Marshall.
Mayo was taken to Good Shepherd hospital with a severe laceration to his head.
DPS officials said troopers are currently on scene awaiting the arrival of FAA.
About 11 a.m., crews responded to a location off of Highway 59, south of Marshall in response to a crash.
Harrison and Panola County officials, Marshall Fire EMS, Carthage Fire Department, Beckville Fire Department, DPS, and Allegiance EMS responded to the crash, which occurred near the Harrison-Panola county borderline.
DPS says Mayo reported to emergency officials that he had crashed his small plane while checking pipelines.
The plane is registered out of Arbela, Missouri and has been identified as a Piper Model PA22135 fixed wing single engine.
Panola County Airport released a statement regarding the crash.
PHOTOS: Plane crash south of Marshall, pilot hospitalized
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
The Chinese communist regime published a white paper on Tuesday detailing the alleged litany of human rights abuses Americans face, ranging from sexual harassment in Hollywood to the presence of wealthy individuals in politics.
China's “Human Rights Record of the United States in 2017” publication is a direct response to the U.S. State Department's annual global human rights survey. This year, the State Department found that China increased its repression towards religious groups, particularly Christians and Muslims.
China, in turn, claimed to have found “serious infringement on citizens' civil rights, systematic racial discrimination, severe flaws in the American-style democracy, widening rich-poor divide, discrimination and assault against some specific groups such as women, children and people with disabilities.”
The Chinese report, published by the Information Office of the State Council, China's Cabinet, lists among its individual examples of human rights violations in the United States the sexual harassment scandal surrounding disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and the October 2017 mass shooting in Las Vegas, Nevada, the motive of which remains unknown.
“In October 2017, the scandal of American film producer Harvey Weinstein who sexually harassed a number of female stars broke out,” the state-run media outlet Xinhua explained, citing the report. “A ‘#MeToo(Victim)' campaign on social media platforms was initiated to encourage the victims to protest against the widespread sex harassment and infringement, receiving active responses from more than one million people, according to the report.” The white paper also claimed that nearly 100,000 cases of physical abuse against children aged 11 to 15 occurred in 2016 in the United States.
Unlike the abuses listed in the State Department report, the United States government notably plays no role in the execution of the sexual harassment and abuse crimes listed by China. On the contrary, the U.S. legal system prosecutes and imprisons individuals found guilty of committing these actions. In the case of Harvey Weinstein, Los Angeles prosecutors are reportedly beginning to build a legal case against him based on allegations of sexual harassment by many prominent Hollywood actresses.
China also decries the ability of Americans to use money to fund independent political campaigns. “Democratic politics went weakening,” the report claimed. American politics, it continued, “strongly reflect the preferences of the most affluent, but bear virtually no relationship to the preferences of poor or middle-income Americans.”
The Beijing report claimed that media are “suppressed” in the United States because CNN and the New York Times were excluded from one White House briefing in 2017. In China, meanwhile, only state-controlled media outlets are allowed to operate, and the government tightly controls the questions fielded in daily Chinese Foreign Ministry briefings.
“Press freedom in the United States is at its lowest point in 13 years, according to a CNN report in 2017,” the white paper noted, nonetheless.
As Beijing has done in the past, it also used the national debate in America on violent policing as an indicator that Washington does not respect human rights. “Almost 500 blacks had been fatally shot by police since 2015, said the report citing statistics released by Pew Research Center on January 11, 2017,” Xinhua reported, citing the white paper. “Violent law enforcement by American police had sparked mass protests.”
The anti-American barrage extended beyond the white paper to commentary from pro-China “experts” speaking to Xinhua. Peter J. Li, associate professor of East Asia politics and international relations at the University of Houston-Downtown, told the outlet that criticism of countries like China is meant for “covering up worsening human rights violations in the United States.” Li also claimed that “religious freedom is under attack” in the United States because President Donald Trump has proposed immigration reforms to protect the country from jihadists entering the country.
The Global Times, a Chinese government newspaper, also published an editorial condemning the United States for attempting to document human rights abuses abroad. Among the concerns in the West, according to the article, is insufficient attention paid to “the boundaries of freedom,” in particular freedom of expression online and the right to gun ownership.
“Chinese people's understanding of human rights is much broader than the West's,” the Times claimed, adding:
A prosperous life, social fairness, clean public toilets, leisure of traveling, and not being susceptible to feelings of inferiority caused by poverty are all tangible human rights. Western human rights are not excluded, but it's annoying that the West uses them as cards to hit at China.
The Global Times has previously claimed that the entire concept of human rights “has failed to appeal to the Chinese people.”
The 2017 U.S. human rights report is the latest in what has become an annual series of disparaging reports against the United States. Last year, China's government white paper claimed that gun violence was rampant in the United States, with “gunshots lingering in people's ears behind the Statue of Liberty.” In 2014, Beijing listed among the top human rights abuses in the United States the existence of the television program Jimmy Kimmel Live! which the white paper accused of “promoting racial hatred.”
The U.S. State Department report released last week found extreme human rights abuses perpetrated against religious people in China, particularly Muslim Uighurs living in Xinjiang, the nation's westernmost province. Among the list of abuses were “systematic torture,” imprisonment in “re-education camps,” where Muslims are forced to exchange their faith for loyalty to the Communist Party, and little, if any, freedom of expression.
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
FORT LORAMIE – The Tri-Village softball team lost games to Fort Loramie and Riverside in a tournament on Saturday at Fort Loramie.
Tri-Village lost the opening game to Fort Loramie 15-5 in five innings.
Tri-Village took a 3-0 lead in the top of the first then Fort Loramie scored five runs in the bottom half of the inning. Both teams scored one run in the second inning then Loramie added two runs in both the third and fourth innings to lead 10-4. Tri-Village scored one run in the top of the fifth, and Fort Loramie scored five runs in the bottom half of the inning.
Tri-Village had eight hits and four errors in the game while Fort Loramie had 12 hits and two errors.
Kloey Murphey was 2-for-3 with a double and scored two runs. Peyton Bietry was 2-for-2 and scored a run. Breeann Lipps went 1-for-2 with two stolen bases and a run.
Madi Foreman was 1-for-3 with a RBI and a run. Hala Faulkner went 1-for-2. Jadyn Sharp was 1-for-3. Breanna Locke walked once and drove in a run. Kelsie Wehr walked twice.
Faulkner was charged with the loss as she allowed nine earned runs and four unearned runs on 10 hits, three walks, two hit batters and one strikeout. Sharp allowed two earned runs on one hit, three walks and two hit batters.
Tri-Village lost the second game of the day to Riverside 11-0 in five innings.
Riverside scored four runs in the second inning, five in the fourth and two in the fifth while holding Tri-Village scoreless.
Tri-Village had three hits and one error while Riverside had nine hits and no errors.
Murphey was 1-for-3 with a stolen base. Wehr went 1-for-2 and stole a base. Bietry was 1-for-3. Lipps walked and stole a base. Foreman drew a walk.
Loraligh Waters was charged with the loss as she pitched the complete game and allowed 11 earned runs on nine hits, four walks, four hit batters and four strikeouts.
Tri-Village fell to 2-7 with Saturday's losses.
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_Tri-Village-logo-WEB-11.jpg
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
NHS Blood and Transplant needs donors with O negative and B negative blood to donate now as stocks are low due to a bank holiday drop off in donations and an increase in demand for certain blood types.
The lack of O negative and B negative donors giving blood in the run up to the bank holiday has meant that stocks of these groups could fall below 2 days.
So, NHS Blood and Transplant are asking anyone who knows they have these blood types but may have not donated before to give blood now.
However, there is a longer-term problem putting real pressure on these blood groups, particularly stocks of O negative.
O negative is increasingly being used as an emergency substitute for Ro blood because we don't have enough Ro bloods to meet demand*.
This rare subtype is more common in black people, but most people don't know they have this subtype until they donate and there is a huge shortage of Ro blood donors.
Currently, there are 15,000 people living with Sickle Cell in the UK, and over 300 new babies born each year with the condition. The urgent need for O negative and B negative is driven by changes in how sickle cell is treated which has significantly driven up demand and we are struggling to match this.
There is currently an urgent appeal for more people from the black community to give blood, as NHS Blood and Transplant needs at least 40,000 new black donors to help these patients. Over 7,000 have come forward since our appeal last June, but more are needed to help ease the pressure on blood stocks and make sure people in need receive the best possible blood match.
O negative is also the ‘universal' blood group and is often used when a patient's blood type is not known, like in emergency situations.
B negative stocks are low also because many patients with serious blood disorders, like sickle cell, need B negative blood. Only 2% of donors are B negative and it is a blood group more common in black people.
O negative and B negative donors can walk in and donate at most of our fixed site donor centres, without the need to make an appointment or can call 0300 123 23 23 to ask for a priority appointment at one of our community blood sessions.
Mike Stredder, Director of Blood Donation at NHS Blood and Transplant said: “The overall demand for blood is declining year on year. However, the need for specific blood groups such as Ro blood type and O negative are on the increase.
“We need an additional 4,000 regular O negative donors to those we have now to consistently provide seriously ill patients with the blood they need. If you know you are O negative or B negative and have never donated before, now is the time to make a difference.
“If you are O or B negative, please call us on 0300 123 23 23 to get a priority appointment or walk in to one of our fixed site donor centres to give blood.”
You can get more information about our Donor Centres by calling the Donor Line on 0300 123 23 23 or visiting www.blood.co.uk
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Standup comedian Ralphie May died Thursday morning after suffering cardiac arrest.
ABC News confirmed he passed away at a private home in Las Vegas after battling weeks of pneumonia.
May had cancelled a handful of shows over the last month in an effort to recover. He had performances throughout the remainder of 2017 as part of his residency at Harrah's Las Vegas and was scheduled to be in Nashville on Oct. 10.
May, who was just 45 years old, is survived by his wife, Lahna Turner, and children, April June May and August James May.
LAKE FOREST, Ill. — After eight surgeries and nearly losing his left leg, Chicago Bears tight end Zach Miller still refuses to rule out a return to the football field.
In his first visit to Halas Hall since his Oct. 29 injury, Miller on Monday expressed thanks for the support he received from the Bears, teammates and fans after vascular surgery to repair a torn artery resulting from a knee injury.
"I've been a football player my whole life," Miller said. "I would love to play football. We'll cross that road when it's time."
Miller said the possibility of losing his left leg was very real in the hours after the injury against the Saints.
May 3 Warren Buffett, the chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, will this weekend welcome thousands of people from around the world to Omaha, Nebraska, for the conglomerate's annual shareholder gathering, the largest in corporate America.
The three-day weekend, which Buffett calls "Woodstock for Capitalists," includes shopping discounts, a five-kilometer run, a cocktail reception that consumes a shopping mall, and Berkshire's annual meeting on May 6. The meeting will be webcast on Yahoo Finance, in English and Mandarin.
BERKSHIRE INFORMATION
-Net income: $24.07 billion (2016)
-Operating income: $17.58 billion (2016)
-Revenue: $223.60 billion (2016)
-Cash, equivalents and Treasury bills: $86.4 billion as of Dec. 31, 2016
-Market value: nearly $410 billion as of May 2, 2017
-Stock price: $249,000 per Class A share as of May 2, 2017, roughly 6.5 percent below its $266,390 peak two months earlier. The more widely-held Class B shares are worth about 1/1,500th as much.
-Compounded annual changes from 1965-2016:
-Book value per share: 19.0 percent
-Stock price: 20.8 percent
-S&P 500 including dividends: 9.7 percent (pre-tax)
-Float (insurance premiums collected before claims are paid, which helps fund investments): $91.6 billion as of year-end
-Major stock investments: American Express, Apple, Coca-Cola, IBM, Kraft Heinz, Wells Fargo. Berkshire has also taken big stakes in the four largest U.S. airlines: American, Delta, Southwest and United Continental. It also has a roughly $11.5 billion paper gain from warrants in Bank of America.
-Selected business units: Benjamin Moore, Berkshire Hathaway Automotive, Berkshire Hathaway Energy, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, BNSF, Borsheim's Fine Jewelry, Brooks, Business Wire, Clayton Homes, Duracell, Fruit of the Loom, Geico, General Re, HomeServices of America, IMC International Metalworking, International Dairy Queen, Johns Manville, Lubrizol, Marmon, McLane, National Indemnity, Nebraska Furniture Mart, NetJets, Pampered Chef, Precision Castparts, See's Candies.
-Last major acquisition: Precision Castparts, January 2016
-Selected acquisitions (larger amounts rounded to the nearest a billion): Geico, $2.3 billion (1996); Dairy Queen, $590 million (1998); General Re, $16 billion (1998); NetJets, $725 million (1998); Clayton Homes, $1.7 billion (2003); PacifiCorp, $5 billion (2006); Marmon, $4.5 billion (2008); Burlington Northern Santa Fe, $27 billion (2010); Lubrizol, $9 billion (2011); NV Energy, $6 billion (2013); H.J. Heinz, $12 billion (majority stake, 2013); Van Tuyl, $4.1 billion (2015); Precision Castparts, $32 billion (2016). (Sources: Barclays Capital, Berkshire)
-A failed acquisition: Dexter Shoe, $434 million (1993) (Buffett says he used Berkshire stock now worth roughly $6.3 billion to buy a business whose value "promptly went to zero")
-Employees at year end: 367,671
-Employees in main office: 25, including Buffett
-Succession: Buffett, 86, and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, have not publicly signaled any plans to retire. Buffett has said Berkshire's board has a succession plan it could implement in fewer than 24 hours.
-Potential successors: Investors view Berkshire insurance executive Ajit Jain and Berkshire Hathaway Energy chief Gregory Abel as top candidates to become chief executive. BNSF Chairman Matthew Rose is also a potential candidate. Buffett's investing lieutenants Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, who together recently managed $21 billion, may take over as chief investment officer. Buffett's eldest son Howard is expected to become non-executive chairman, and work to preserve Berkshire's culture. Buffett protégé Tracy Britt Cool, 32, chairs several Berkshire units and is chief executive of Pampered Chef.
ATTENDANCE AT BERKSHIRE ANNUAL MEETINGS
1965: 12
1979: about 24
1986: 1,000
1995: 4,100
1997: 7,700
2000: 13,000
2005: 21,000
2015: 40,000+
2016: 37,000 (meeting was webcast for first time; 1.1 million unique online visits were logged in real time)
(Sources: Omaha World-Herald, Berkshire, Reuters)
FACTS ABOUT WARREN BUFFETT
Birth date: August 30, 1930
Education: University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Columbia Business School
Net worth: $74.3 billion on May 2, 2017, ranking fourth worldwide. Bill Gates, the Microsoft Corp co-founder and a Berkshire director since 2004, ranked first. (Source: Forbes)
Berkshire ownership stake: 17.9 percent as of March 17, 2017
Berkshire voting power: 32.7 percent as of March 17, 2017
Annual salary at Berkshire: $100,000
Buffett's takeover of Berkshire: Buffett planned in 1965 to sell back his shares in Berkshire, then a struggling textile company, for $11.50 each. But he got angry when the term sheet showed a price of just $11.375 per share. Buffett instead bought all the shares he could, and took control on May 10, 1965. The textile business closed in 1985.
Year when Buffett met Charlie Munger: 1959
Munger's influence: Though Buffett and Munger admire famed investor Benjamin Graham, Buffett has credited Munger with pushing him to focus on buying wonderful companies at fair prices, rather than fair companies at wonderful prices.
Famous Buffett quotation: "Lose money for the firm, and I will be understanding. Lose a shred of reputation for the firm, and I will be ruthless." - Sept. 4, 1991 Congressional testimony about Salomon Inc, where Buffett became interim chairman to restore order after a Treasury auction bidding scandal.
Current wife: Astrid Menks, married on August 30, 2006
First wife: Susan, who died in 2004
Children: Susan, Howard and Peter
Philanthropy: Buffett has since 2006 donated more than $24.3 billion to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and four family charities, after pledging 85 percent of his net worth to them. His Berkshire stock will go to philanthropy after he dies.
Home: Has lived in the same house since 1958. The 96-year-old, 10-room, five-bedroom, 2-1/2-bath home on 0.72 acres was assessed at $730,800 in 2017. (Source: Douglas County, Nebraska)
Food preferences: Steak, hamburger, Cherry Coke, See's fudge and peanut brittle.
Percentage of caloric intake from Coke products: 25. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
I thought the refs couldn't get much worse
RE: CFL officiating
The officiating at the Hamilton/Toronto game Saturday night hit an all-time low, and I didn't think the refs and their bosses in this league could get much worse. Even the calls that were challenged and went back to "Central Command" or "Referee Politburo" or whatever they call themselves were also right off the wall. Way to go officials, give Toronto the win and continue to ruin the game for fans and teams alike.
P.S. The league should hire the replacement ref's from the NFL from a few years back. They are the only guys that I have seen that actually make the right calls.
Paul Casey, Ancaster
Media failed football fans
RE: Ticat legends honoured
There was a time when Hamiltonians relied upon local media to keep them informed and cover important events. Radio listeners tuned into CHML and never changed the dial. The Spec had a comprehensive Local News section and CHCH reported even the most mundane stories of the day.
All that is mostly gone, of course. Local coverage costs money. Is it any surprise that listeners, readership and viewers have abandoned traditional forms of media when that same media fails to deliver? Where were the reporters when the Tiger-Cats honoured our legendary heroes from the 1957 and 1967 Grey Cup Champion teams at Saturday's tussle? Where was the live coverage? Nary a mention, sad to say. Instead we are encouraged to celebrate a mediocre team, losers really — with marginal players and fickle fans who have all but forgotten the glory days of yesteryear.
Who cares about seminal players like Mosca, Bethea, and Zuger, or hometown heroes like Michaluk, Krouse, and Turek? They're still kicking and vibrant as ever, many well into their 70s. Their handshakes can still make a grown man cringe. In a world inundated with fake news, fraudulent leaders and falling standards, we need to remember and look up to these real people, genuine living legends — heroes who paved the way to success. Too bad our local media doesn't feel the same way.
Stephen Lechniak, Ancaster
I've gone to my last game
RE: Ticat struggles
Masoli cannot score from the one-yard line? He fumbles on the five? The officiating as usual is terrible? A pass interference call that is not even close? A game changer when Masoli overthrows a wide open Tasker on 2nd and three? The only reason we were in the game in the first place was that CJ had the best game of his career. And everyone is blaming Zack? Let's bring up Manziel and give the bad boy a crack.
Done. I have gone to my last game. It appears from all the empty seats this year so have many others.
Stan Buchalter, Burlington
American priorities are backwards
RE: Puerto Rico crisis
What if the USA took all the resources spent on practice war around North Korea and sent all those military people to help the people of Porto Rico? All those young and strong bodies would go a long way to helping quickly. (Just wishful thinking!)
Richard Krok, Hamilton
Photo appeared to show a suicide
RE: Front page photo, Monday Oct. 2
At first glance, the image on the front page of Monday's Spectator appeared to be a crowd gathered around someone "hanging" from a structure. I was shocked. To see if I was being a little too sensitive, I showed it to my daughter and asked her what she saw, and her thoughts were identical to mine.
Given The Spectator's focus of late on suicide awareness and prevention, the editors may want to spend additional time assessing images before they're published, to ensure they can't be so easily misinterpreted.
Scott McNally, Hamilton
Thanks for the morale boost, City Hall
RE: Hamilton horticulture
I would just like to thank the City of Hamilton for keeping the streets and parks full of beautiful seasonal flora! I love to walk through the public parks and see the colourful sea of flowers. Even driving along the roads is beautiful, I love how the lanes are separated by trees and other gorgeous plants. It really helps to boost the morale of the citizens and makes the city feel so much more welcoming. Thank you Hamilton!
Maya Farrelly, Hamilton
Is the tinfoil hat in the mail?
RE: Those fighting 'hate' are radical Marxists (Sept. 30)
When I see letters like this, I wonder: Do you folks mail out tinfoil hats to these authors? They'd probably be appreciated.
Jan Selkirk, Burlington
DAYTON – Greenville's girls finished third in the North Division at the Greater Western Ohio Conference's preseason bowling tournament on Saturday at Poelking Lanes South.
Troy finished first in the GWOC North with a total score of 4,163, Vandalia-Butler finished second with a score of 3,934, Greenville finished third with a 2,750, Piqua finished fourth with a 2,739, Sidney finished fifth with a 2,539, and Tippecanoe finished sixth with a 2,516.
The Lady Wave finished 16th overall in the 20-team conference standings head of Piqua, Sidney, Tippecanoe and Trotwood-Madison. Troy finished as the overall conference champion.
Shila Thompson led Greenville's girls with games of 130, 167 and 158 for a three-game series of 455, finishing 54th overall.
Jenna Netzley finished 55th overall with games of 172, 138 and 142 for a 452 three-game series.
Kelli Kretschmar finished 58th as she rolled games of 153, 166 and 122 for a three-game series of 441.
Kaitlyn Schmidt rolled games of 105 and 102 for a two-game total of 207. Makayla Hess rolled a 104.
Fairmont's Keirsten Schooler was the top individual girl in the GWOC tournament with games of 227, 216 and 221 for a three-game series of 664.
Greenville's boys finished sixth in the GWOC North standings with a team score of 3,489. Butler won the divisional championship with a 3,960, Troy finished second with a 3,945, Tippecanoe finished third with a 3,900, Sidney finished fourth with a 3,817, and Piqua finished fifth with a 3,796.
The Greenville boys finished ahead of Miamisburg, Stebbins, West Carrollton and Trotwood-Madison in the conference standings. Beavercreek's boys won the GWOC championship.
Greenville's Cullen Blinn finished fourth overall in the individual standings with games of 210, 215 and 255 for a three-game series of 680.
Mark Zeiler rolled games of 228, 188 and 188 to finished 29th overall with a three-game series of 604.
Dylan Stepp rolled games of 161 and 153 for a two-game total of 314. Jordan Miller bowled games of 170 and 127 for a two-game total of 297. Chris Hadden rolled games of 135 and 130 for a two-game total of 265.
Dylan Smith rolled a 154. Cole Miller rolled a 131.
Tippecanoe's Nick Lanham finished first among the GWOC boys with games of 235, 201 and 268 for a three-game total of 704.
For complete results from the GWOC preseason bowling tournament, visit the conference's website at gwocsports.com.
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
[India], June 15 (ANI): Congress leader Jyotiraditya Scindia on Thursday questioned Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's intention to tackle the ongoing farmer unrest in the state. He said the stigma of the death of six farmers due to police firing lies at Chouhan's doorstep.
Taking swipe at Chouhan, who recently called off his indefinite fast, Scindia said, "It is one of the worst days. Farmers were killed by the security forces. But what does this government do? It undergoes a fast. If the government indulges in this act, then what will people do? What kind of expectations will they have of this government?"
Scindia is on three-day satyagraha in the memory of deceased Mandsaur farmers and it entered the second day on Thursday.
Scindia also criticised Shivraj Singh Chouhan government for failing to take action against the responsible people, who shot six farmers during protest.
"What was their fault? They were protesting to present their demands before the government. The stigma of killing of six farmers is on Shivraj Singh Chouhan and no one else," he said.
Scindia yesterday launched the protest at around 3.30 p.m. at T T Nagar's Dussehra Maidan. The photos of the six farmers killed in Mandsaur district earlier this month is also displayed on the stage.
On June 1, the farmers' began their protest, over various demands, including loan waiver and better prices for their produce. However, on June 6, it took a violent turn when five of them were allegedly killed in police firing at Mandsaur. One later succumbed to injuries.
Chouhan on Wednesday visited Mandasaur on met with the families of the killed farmers. He gave Rs. one crore cheques to the kin of each killed farmer.
The State Government has issued a notification for the judicial probe of the violence. Retired Justice J.K. Jain will head the one member judicial commission.
The single member commission will probe under what circumstances the farmers were killed in the agitation.
The commission will also probe the action taken by the administration and the police to control the situation was appropriate or not. (ANI)
Wynne also touted some of the party's policy achievements — raising the minimum wage, expanding drug coverage for people under the age of 25 and free post-secondary tuition for students from low-income families.
She emphasized the contrast between her party, the PCs and the New Democrats, while also touching on key themes of fairness and opportunity that she has stressed for months.
"We are fighting for you, we will keep fighting for you," she said. "We will never stop fighting for you."
Wynne mentioned the difficult road to re-election ahead by referencing her own past electoral record. Down in the polls for over a year and with approval ratings that hover in the mid-teens, she asked party volunteers to work hard.
"I lost my first election in 1994 by 72 votes," Wynne said. "Just a few more hours of canvassing or getting out the vote could have changed that result. And because every single vote counts, that means every single visit on every single doorstep counts."
Liberal campaign co-chair Deb Matthews acknowledged that the weekend event was, in part, about further honing the party's strategy and organization. That includes planning for whomever the PCs pick as leader.
"Obviously, we'll need to be ready for any eventuality," she said of the PC leadership race. "They need to figure out their party. We've got our party figured out. We know what we're doing."
Wynne said the party is not "troubled by" the loss of any advance plans they had to attack former PC leader Patrick Brown.
"What happened to Patrick Brown, what is happening to the (PCs) right now, is their focus," she said. "Our focus is on our plan."
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members.
Ontario's general election is June 7.
MILAN Italian fashion house Roberto Cavalli said on Thursday direct sales had stabilised in the first months of the year thanks to its reorganisation efforts, after overall revenue plunged 13.6 percent annually in 2016.
The Florence-based group, popular with celebrities, reported net revenues of 155 million euros (131.71 million pounds) for last year and a loss before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation of 26 million euros. Restructuring costs contributed to a net loss of 55 million euros.
But CEO Gian Giacomo Ferraris, who launched a deep overhaul of the group six months ago, including cutting almost a third of Cavalli's jobs, said in a statement direct sales were "stabilised, if not slightly growing in the first quarter of 2017."
The fashion label, which has been going through an overhaul since Italian private equity firm Clessidra bought it in April 2015, confirmed a return to profitability in 2018.
(Reporting by Giulia Segreti, editing by Valentina Za)
(Repeats to additional customers with no changes to text)
By Sarah Marsh
CIRO REDONDO, Cuba, March 31 Cuba, battling a chronic energy deficit, has all the sunshine, wind and sugar to fuel what should be a booming renewable sector - if only it could find the money.
The country's first utility-scale renewable energy project, a biomass plant in Ciro Redondo, is finally under construction thanks to an injection of funds from China, a socialist ally and in recent years, the communist-led island's merchant bank of last resort.
Turning Cuba's renewables potential into reality has become a state priority over the past year since crisis-stricken ally Venezuela slashed subsidized oil shipments to Cuba that were supposed to help power its traditional plants.
Some foreign players in green energy, such as Spain's Gamesa and Germany's Siemens, have shown early interest in the country. But the overall paucity of foreign financing means that this project, being carried out by Cuban-British joint venture Biopower, is still the exception rather than the rule.
The financing puzzle is a crucial one to solve if cash-strapped Cuba is to hit its target of renewables filling 24 percent of its energy needs by 2030, up from 4 percent today, a strategy that would require billions of dollars in investment.
The government announced last July it was rationing energy, raising fears of a return to the crippling blackouts of the "Special Period" after the collapse of the Soviet Union. The energy shortage comes at a time when growing tourism and private business creation are generating greater demand.
"The most challenging thing we have had to deal with in the last six years of developing this project has been the financing," said Biopower President Andrew Macdonald, while touring the site of the Ciro Redondo plant.
The Scotsman, who has been doing business with Cuba for more than a decade, said the U.S. blockade had "strangled" funding from Europe "and other obvious sources", with banks afraid of sanctions.
His start-up Havana Energy joined forces with a subsidiary of domestic sugar monopoly Azcuba to create Biopower in 2012, with a contract to build five plants attached to sugar mills.
The plants are projected to use sugar cane byproduct bagasse and fast-growing woody weed marabu as biofuels, costing around $800 million to add some 300 MW to the grid.
Biopower was finally able this year to start building the first one, thanks to a decision by China's Shanghai Electric Group Ltd to buy an equity stake in Havana Energy. The JV is now looking for external financing for the next four plants.
"We have to check whether the funders are open for the Cuban market or not," said Zhengyue Chen, former investment manager at Shanghai Electric and current Biopower chief financial officer.
RISKY INVESTMENT
Some international companies have shown an interest in gaining a foothold in the slowly opening Cuban market, encouraged by a three-year old investment law that allows full foreign ownership of renewables projects.
Cuba last year signed a deal with Spain's Gamesa for the construction of seven wind-powered plants and with Siemens for the upgrade of the creaking power grid.
These are just preliminary agreements, however, which may not become concrete contracts, Western diplomats based in Havana say, given difficulty agreeing on a financing framework and actually securing the funds.
On top of the U.S. trade embargo, which frightens banks from offering Cuba loans, Cuba's payment capacity is questionable. While it has improved its debt servicing record under President Raul Castro, it is falling behind on paying foreign providers.
And it has little to offer as payment guarantees in hard currency. Its state electricity utility generates revenue in Cuban pesos, which are not traded internationally, only into convertible Cuban pesos at a state-fixed rate. The government has promised to unify those two currencies, but it is unclear how.
"If no currency indexation is provided from the government, significant devaluation poses a great threat to investors' revenue," said World Bank renewable energy expert Yao Zhao.
Moreover Cuba does not belong to multilateral institutions like the Inter-American Development Bank that could provide external guarantees.
"In the current conditions, without guarantees or convertibility, it is very difficult to imagine big investment in the renewable energy sector," said one Western diplomat.
CHINESE FUNDING
That is likely to force further reliance on China, already Cuba's top creditor in recent years, having offered loans as a way to hike trade with the island. Shanghai Electric is importing and building the Ciro Redondo plant, as well as helping finance it.
Project Manager Li Hui, already directing excavators shifting earth on site, said he will stay on after the factory is built as the head of the company's first branch in Cuba.
"We will hand them over a fully-functioning power plant," he said, adding that Shanghai Electric had to bring over new building equipment because the Cuban ones were antiquated and lacked spare parts.
But even Chinese largesse may have its limits. Chen said Biopower was now in discussions with overseas funders, mainly from Europe, and hoped to secure commercial funds for the second plant by the end of this year.
Macdonald said he hoped his project would be part of the launch of many foreign participations in the energy sector.
"But today, we are still pioneers," he said. (Editing by Christian Plumb and Edward Tobin)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
April 5 Ultratech Inc:
* Ultratech Inc - two North American semiconductor manufacturers will target use of lm7 melt system at 7-nm and below nodes
* Ultratech Inc - plans to ship both systems in first half of 2017 to customers' facilities in u.s Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Finally, you can ask your roommate if she wants to get in on your takeout order without the extreme hassle of using words.
Apple is launching hundreds of new emojis next week for iPhones and iPads, many of them “more emotive” updates of already-existing emojis and 26 of them are brand new. Four of the new emojis are food-related, and we suspect they'll rise the ranks to our “frequently used” emoji section in a matter of hours. A takeout container, a pie, a dumpling and a head of broccoli will soon be available as little images to text or add to your Tinder profile. Plus, we're now another step closer to living in a world where you can order all of your food via emoji.
There are also some new emoji additions that we … would have lived long, happy lives without having, but we're sure someone out there will make frequent use of the new curling emoji and wizard emoji.
WATCH: Thomas Rhett on Why He's Channeling the Champagne Emoji at the Grammys
Since September, Butterball has been lobbying for a turkey emoji, but sadly their pleas were ignored in this current update. (While bird turkey emoji already exists, there isn't yet one of a dead, roasted one.) According to Butterball, in responding to over 8,300 texts last year, its experts ended up texting back the words “turkey” and “frozen turkey” over 5,000 times, so they decided to theUnicode Consortium for a “Thanksgiving turkey” emoji. Butterball even launched a petition on Change.org : “Make the Thanksgiving Turkey Emoji.”
Apple's new emojis will debut in next week's developer and public beta previews of iOS 11.1.
This article originally appeared on Foodandwine.com
ECtHR obliges Turkey to pay 870,957 euros over HR violations in first 7 months of 2017
The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) verdicts have obliged Turkey to pay 870,957 euros as compensation during the first 7 months of 2017 for the victims of human rights violations committed by Turkish government, according to a statement made by Turkish Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gül on September 20, 2017.
Turkish Justice Minister Gül, who has replied a parliamentary inquiry submitted by pro-Kurdish Democratic Peoples' Party (HDP) deputy Erol Dora, has said in a written statement that Turkey has to pay 870,957 euros as compensation decided by ECtHR over Turkey's human rights violations in first 7 months of this year.
According to statistics given by ECtHR to Turkish Justice Ministry, 9,092 cases over human rights violations were opened in ECtHR against Turkey in 2012, in 2013 the number of similar cases against Turkey was 2,700, it was 1,583 in 2014; 2,212 in 2015 and 8,308 in 2016.
ECtHR has decided against Turkey in 117 cases of human rights violations in 2012 and obliged Turkey to pay compensation, the number of compensation verdicts against Turkey was 118 in 2013; 94 in 2014; 79 in 2015 and 77 in 2016.
Turkey has to paid 1,707,060 euros to victims in 2012 as compensation over human rights violations Turkish government has committed, the amount of compensation was 3,963,011 euros in 2013; 4,801,306 euros in 2014; 1,503,154 euros in 2015; 6,458,742 euros in 2016 and 870,957 euros during the first 7 months of 2017.
According to the ministry's account there are currently 12,000 complaints before ECtHR against Turkish government for its massive human rights violations.
Related
A woman in Argentina was arrested for allegedly using a pair of garden shears to cut off her ex-boyfriend's penis because he leaked their sex video, reports say.
Police have charged Brenda Barattini, 26, with the act of revenge against her former 40-year-old boyfriend after she allegedly discovered the man had shown friends a video of their sexual encounter.
Barattini allegedly chopped off 90 percent of the man's penis on November 25 leaving him shocked and bloody. Police say that Barattini then ran from the premises
“I left to ask for help. I did not want anything to happen to him, besides I was afraid of the blood,” Barattini explained in a jailhouse interview with Argentina's La Voz newspaper.
La Voz labeled the woman the “Lorena Bobbit from Cordoba,” but the woman insisted she only wounded the man.
“I wounded him with a pair of scissors,” Barattini exclaimed. “I cut off his penis, not his testicles. I cut off his penis. … I hurt him. I hurt him; there was no amputation.”
Barattini was also confused when authorities said they could not find the sex video she claimed her boyfriend was showing people. “I don't know what happened,” she said.
The woman's attorneys claim that she attacked the victim—identified only as Sergio F—because he was sexually assaulting her. But Sergio's attorneys claim that there was no such attack, according to Fox News.
In fact, Sergio's attorneys say that the man was tricked and that the attack occurred when he thought the pair was involved in a “sexual game in which he was blindfolded.”
Doctors were unable to reattach the victim's penis, and he has reportedly been left depressed as he waits for more operations to improve the use of his member.
An Argentine prosecutor told La Voz that “it's very likely” Sergio has now “lost the ability to be able to father children.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
CHICAGO May 2 U.S. Senator Dick Durbin, the chamber's second-ranking Democrat, had a procedure on Tuesday in Chicago to correct an irregular heartbeat, his office said.
Durbin, 72, was treated at Northwestern Memorial Hospital for an “atrial flutter,” which occurs when the heart beats too quickly. The condition was discovered during a recent annual physical, the Illinois lawmaker's office said.
"I anticipate that this heart tune-up will give my classic roadster many more miles of reliable service," Durbin said in a statement.
Durbin had no symptoms and was able to maintain his regular schedule before and after the condition was discovered. He is scheduled to remain in Illinois for the rest of the week.
Durbin used the statement about his outpatient procedure to criticize Republican efforts in the U.S. Congress to repeal and replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare.
"My Congressional colleagues who want to cut funding for medical research and take away health insurance for millions of Americans should remember that all of us are only one diagnosis away from needing the best care for ourselves and the people we love," he said. (Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Arik Air has suspended its international flight operations to the London and Johannesburg routes.
The spokesman of the Asset Management Company of Nigeria, AMCON, Jude Nwauzor, made the announcement in a statement issued on Tuesday in Lagos.
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that AMCON had on February 9 taken over the airline following its huge indebtedness to the company and other creditors, both local and foreign.
Mr. Nwauzor said the suspension would enable Arik Air to find permanent solution to problems facing its passengers and carry out a thorough assessment of its situation.
He said :”The strategic business decision is meant to realign our operations and refocus on satisfying our domestic and West Africa and other international passengers.
“It will also present Arik with excellent opportunity to engage and discuss with creditors who have become restive since the intervention and have also understandably exhausted their patience due to non-payment of accumulated debt and non-performance on services and contracts.”
Mr. Nwauzor said consequent upon this, arrangements were being made to refund all international passengers of the airline that were affected by this decision.
“To our international creditors, Arik is most grateful for your patience and understanding.
“We reassure them that all pending issues with the airline will be duly addressed as a matter of priority as we plan to engage them in this regard,” he added.
According to him, the international route is very critical for the strategic turn around, growth strategy and stability of the airline.
Mr. Nwauzor said the airline intends to revisit the routes immediately it addresses all the problems inherited, which was affecting and creating more dissatisfied passenger base.
“We appeal to all passengers to kindly bear with us as the decision is to ensure that the airline adheres strictly to international aviation best practices,” he said.
Source: Premium Times
Have a knack for trivia? Well, so does Brooke… Try to answer as many questions right as you can in 30 seconds. If you answer more correctly than Brooke, you win 100 bucks! Good luck!
WASHINGTON (AP) — Hackers allegedly working for the Kremlin stole details about how the U.S. infiltrates foreign networks and defends against cyberattacks after a National Security Agency contractor took the classified material home and put it on a personal computer, according to a news report published Thursday.
The Wall Street Journal reported the breach of classified information. It's the third time since 2013 that a theft of sensitive information involving an NSA contractor has become publicly known.
advertisement
The newspaper, citing multiple unnamed individuals with knowledge about the theft, said the hackers apparently targeted the NSA contractor after identifying the sensitive material through his use of antivirus software by Kaspersky Lab. The Russian company denied involvement in the theft, which the newspaper said occurred in 2015, but was not discovered until last spring.
The NSA declined to respond to the news report, saying it has a policy not to comment on personnel matters or investigations that might or might not be occurring.
But the NSA said Director Adm. Mike Rogers has worked to make information security a priority since he took his post in 2014. The newspaper, citing people familiar with the issue, said Rogers has received a letter of reprimand from his superiors.
“NSA operates in one of the most complicated information technology environments in the world,” the agency said in a statement provided to The Associated Press. “Over the past several years, we have continued to build on internal security improvements, while carrying out the mission to defend the nation and our allies.”
The name of the contractor is not publicly known. It's unclear if he has been dismissed or charged in the incident, which is still being investigated.
In 2013, former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked classified material exposing U.S. government surveillance programs. In August 2016, Harold Thomas Martin III, 51, of Glen Burnie, Maryland, was arrested by the FBI after federal prosecutors say he illegally removed highly classified information and stored the material in his home and car.
Kaspersky said it has not been provided with any evidence substantiating the company's involvement in the incident. “It is unfortunate that news coverage of unproven claims continue to perpetuate accusations about the company,” Kaspersky said in a statement provided to the AP.
Last month, the U.S. banned federal agencies from using computer software supplied by Kaspersky Lab because of concerns about the company's ties to the Kremlin and Russian spy operations. As it did then, the company insisted that it does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia. The company said it appears to be caught in the middle of a “geopolitical fight.”
“The company actively detects and mitigates malware infections, regardless of the source, and we have been proudly doing so for 20 years, which has led to continuous top ratings in independent malware detection tests,” Kaspersky Lab said. “It's also important to note that Kaspersky Lab products adhere to the cybersecurity industry's strict standards and have similar levels of access and privileges to the systems they protect as any other popular security vendor in the U.S. and around the world.”
The chief executive of the software company, Eugene Kaspersky, is a mathematical engineer who attended a KGB-sponsored school and once worked for Russia's Ministry of Defense. His critics say it's unlikely that his company could operate independently in Russia, where the economy is dominated by state-owned companies and the power of spy agencies has expanded dramatically under President Vladimir Putin.
News of the breach alarmed former NSA workers.
“Kaspersky copying NSA information from an NSA person's computer? That's shocking,” said Blake Darche, a former agency worker who is now chief security officer for Area 1, based in Redwood City, California.
He said it's possible the contractor was working to develop malicious code for the NSA, which could have triggered an alarm at Kaspersky, which then looked at that data.
“Does the Russian government have direct access to Kaspersky data? I don't know,” Darche said, but speculated that companies could be compelled to share such information with the Russian government.
At a Senate intelligence committee hearing in May, top U.S. officials were asked whether they would be comfortable with Kaspersky software on their computers.
“No” was the reply given by then-acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, National Intelligence Director Dan Coats, NSA Director Rogers, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency Director Robert Cardillo and former Defense Intelligence Agency Director Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart.
After the news report, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., who has led efforts in Congress to ban use of Kaspersky Lab software across the federal government, wrote a letter to the leadership of the Senate Armed Services Committee requesting a hearing on the matter.
“This development should serve as a stark warning, not just to the federal government, but to states, local governments, and the American public, of the serious dangers of using Kaspersky software,” Shaheen said. “The strong ties between Kaspersky Lab and the Kremlin are extremely alarming and have been well-documented for some time.
“It's astounding and deeply disturbing that the Russian government continues to have this tool at their disposal to harm the United States. It's unfortunate that there has not been a more expedited and coordinated effort at the federal level to remove this glaring national security vulnerability.”
The breach comes as congressional committees and officials in the government are investigating Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
March 30Goldenmax International Technology Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 250 percent to 300 percent, or to be 140 million yuan to 160 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (40 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mVBRd5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The pro-life niece of Martin Luther King, Jr. said that if Starbucks truly wanted to end racism, it would stop funding Planned Parenthood, the nation's largest abortion provider.
Alveda King, who serves as director of Civil Rights for the Unborn at Priests for Life, noted in a column at the Washington Examiner the attempt by Starbucks Tuesday to recover from the appearance of engaging in racist business practices.
Starbucks made a point of publicizing it would be conducting a “racial-bias education” day for its employees in the wake of incidents last month in two of its stores that led to accusations of racism and a call on social media for a boycott of the coffee shop chain. In one situation, two black men who were sitting in a Philadelphia Starbucks without making a purchase were arrested for trespassing.
A letter sent to Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson, and signed by King and other pro-life leaders, said, “If you think this public relations fix means Starbucks is no longer complicit in racism, it's time to wake up and smell your own coffee.”
“But Starbucks had racism in its corporate identity long before the April arrests,” King wrote in her Washington Examiner op-ed. “Through its corporate donations, Starbucks contributes to one of the most racist organizations in our nation's history. Planned Parenthood, the largest single provider of abortions in the U.S., performs more than 300,000 terminations each year.”
In her column, King observed to Starbucks the racist roots of Planned Parenthood, beginning with its founder, eugenicist Margaret Sanger.
“More African-Americans have died from abortion than from AIDS, accidents, violent crimes, cancer, and heart disease — combined,” she explained. “In America today, a black child is three times more likely to be killed in the womb than a white child. And since 1973, abortion has reduced the black population by more than 25 percent.”
King pointed out that 80 percent of Planned Parenthood facilities are located in inner city neighborhoods, and that the abortion chain's business model “was specifically engineered to target them.”
“About 13 percent of American women are black, but they have more than 35 percent of the abortions,” she wrote.
Yet, Planned Parenthood is not being boycotted for racist business practices. In fact, as King noted, a bust of Sanger – who was active with the Ku Klux Klan – sits in the National Portrait Gallery of the Smithsonian Institution.
Sanger, who began the Negro Project in 1939, worked to bring birth control to blacks in an effort to reduce their population. The Negro Project was sold as a solution to poverty and high birth rates among the black community.
At the same time that Sanger promoted her theory of “eliminating the unfit,” she also condemned charitable organizations that she believed were elevating the very population that needed to be weeded out.
“Through the founding of Planned Parenthood, Sanger was a pioneer of modern-day deceptive women's health practices and the engineer of modern-day black eugenics,” King wrote. “Planned Parenthood has spent an entire century murdering children and eradicating African-Americans.”
King called out Starbucks and other companies “that claim to care about ‘racial bias' to stop funding Planned Parenthood's house of horrors, which has taken precious lives away from minority communities and from society at large.”
She concluded:
Starbucks, if you're really serious about eliminating racism, you will acknowledge that black people, and indeed all human beings, are of one blood and one human race, born and unborn. Racism and abortion are crimes against humanity. We'd be happy to sit down with you to discuss racial justice over a cup of coffee.
When Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson was asked by Fox Business Network host Maria Bartiromo for his response to King's op-ed, Johnson responded he is “not aware that … we do fund Planned Parenthood.”
“What I do — am aware of and do believe is that we want to create a great customer experience for every customer that visits our stores,” he said.
As MRC NewsBusters reports, Starbucks is listed as a matching gift company at a Planned Parenthood site.
Web Developer – Bloubergstrand
C#, .NET Developer – up to R50,000 CTC pm
My client an international consultancy based in Cape Town, is looking for an experienced C# Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
It's “One Last Thing” with David Foster
Come back every weekday at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from the Meredith offices in New York City, and rebroadcast at 11:30 a.m. EST. Get the absolute latest in celebrity news, real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food.
Want even more? Watch clips from yesterday's People Now.
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 20/04/2017. Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland reacts during his match against Pablo Cuevas of Uruguay. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 20/04/2017. Andy Murray of Britain reacts during his match against Albert Ramos-Vinolas of Spain. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 20/04/2017. Andy Murray of Britain reacts during his match against Albert Ramos-Vinolas of Spain. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 20/04/2017. Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland (R) shakes hand with Pablo Cuevas of Uruguay after their match. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 20/04/2017. Albert Ramos-Vinolas of Spain (R) shakes hands with Andy Murray of Britain after winning their match. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
MONTE CARLO World number one Andy Murray was knocked out of the Monte Carlo Masters on Thursday as Spaniard Albert Ramos battled back from 4-0 down in the final set to win 2-6 6-2 7-5 and reach the quarter-finals on a day of upsets.
Swiss third seed Stan Wawrinka, the 2015 French Open champion, was also sent packing when he lost to Uruguay's Pablo Cuevas 6-4 6-4 but nine-times champion Rafael Nadal crushed birthday boy Alexander Zverev for the loss of only two games.
Murray was playing only his second match since returning from a five-week layoff after an elbow injury having been handed a first-round bye in the first big European claycourt tournament of the season.
"I'm disappointed to lose from the position that I was in. Being 4-0 up in the third, I haven't lost many matches like that in my career," Murray told a news conference.
"He obviously started playing better towards the end of the set. I still had a bunch of chances. I guess both of us did, really. I should have been able to do enough to weather that storm a little bit and finish the match off."
The Scot played impressively to win the opener in 48 minutes at the Monte Carlo Country Club as Ramos, ranked 24th, failed to hold a single service game.
Murray dropped serve at the start of the second though and his 15th seeded Spanish opponent raised his game to level the match in the Monaco sunshine.
Murray conceded only three points as he romped into a 4-0 lead in the decider but claycourt specialist Ramos reeled off four games in a row and then broke again at 5-5 before sealing victory on his serve when Murray netted a dropshot.
It was Ramos' first victory over a top-ranked opponent and he will now play fifth-seeded Croatian Marin Cilic, who beat Tomas Berdych 6-2 7-6.
Nadal dropped a set in the second round against Kyle Edmund but was ruthless as he dispatched another young gun, the 20-year-old Zverev who was reduced to trashing rackets in frustration against the Spaniard.
The nine-times French Open champion needed little more than an hour to win 6-1 6-1.
(Writing by Alan Baldwin and Julien Pretot; Editing by Alison Williams)
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — On Wednesday, FS Investors will begin collecting signatures for a ballot initiative to put its SoccerCity Stadium and Development Plan for Mission Valley before the city council in June.
Included in that initiative is Chargers Park, the training facility and practice fields the city owns in Murphy Canyon.
What's going to happen there?
SoccerCity wants to turn Chargers Park into soccer training facility, but they're not the only ones interested in these 14 acres of prime real estate.
Stadium Manager Mike McSweeney told the Stadium Advisory Board last month several city departments and private developers are interested in the property.
"There appears to be a lot of desire to use the land either by city departments or we could get commercial lessees," said San Diego Attorney Bob Ottilie.
But these other folks may find it difficult to get their hands on the land because it's part of the SoccerCity's initiative, so everybody will have to wait to see if the initiative goes forward.
"For two years, we will not be able to realize a return on that asset at a time when we're now starting to develop budget deficits again for the first time in 6-7 years," Ottilie said.
That asset is 14 acres of prime real estate. Chargers Park was land owned by SDG&E but in a land swap, the city got the property worth $6.3 million and built the training facility and practice fields for the Chargers.
The City also maintains the property and with upgrades, the hit to the taxpayers has been more than $10 million.
Ottilie was one of the lawyers opposed to the Qualcomm Renovation years ago and the ticket guarantee that costs taxpayers a bundle. He's also opposed to this initiative.
"At least when we gave it to the Chargers we knew that while they used it we got a football team. These people are taking it under the guise of bringing us professional soccer team when, as you know when you read the initiative, there's no guarantee at all we're gonna get a soccer team," Ottilie said.
Nor is there a guarantee we'll get a soccer stadium.
This is why developers go through the initiative process because it eliminates years of delay and nobody can change what's in the initiative.
What's going to happen to that land depends on the city council vote in June.
With uncanny, note-for-note, live renditions of Beatles' classics such as “Can't Buy Me Love,” “Yesterday,” “A Day in the Life,” “Twist and Shout,” “Here Comes the Sun,” and “Hey Jude,” the Emmy Award-winning The Fab Four's loving tribute to the Beatles is an incredible stage show hosted by an Ed Sullivan impersonator, and includes multiple costume changes representing every era of the Beatles ever-changing, legendary career.
CAPA presents The Fab Four: The Ultimate Tribute at the Palace Theatre (34 W. Broad St.) on Saturday, April 14, at 7:30 pm. Tickets are $25-$50 at the CAPA Ticket Center (39 E. State St.), all Ticketmaster outlets, and www.ticketmaster.com. To purchase tickets by phone, please call (614) 469-0939 or (800) 745-3000.
www.TheFabFour.com
CALENDAR LISTING
CAPA presents THE FAB FOUR: THE ULTIMATE TRIBUTE
Saturday, April 14, 7:30 pm
Palace Theatre (34 W. Broad St.)
With uncanny, note-for-note, live renditions of Beatles' classics such as “Can't Buy Me Love,” “Yesterday,” “A Day in the Life,” “Twist and Shout,” “Here Comes the Sun,” and “Hey Jude,” the Emmy Award-winning The Fab Four's loving tribute to the Beatles is an incredible stage show hosted by an Ed Sullivan impersonator, and includes multiple costume changes representing every era of the Beatles ever-changing, legendary career. Tickets are $25-$50 at the CAPA Ticket Center (39 E. State St.), all Ticketmaster outlets, and www.ticketmaster.com. To purchase tickets by phone, please call (614) 469-0939 or (800) 745-3000. www.capa.com
The Ohio Arts Council helped fund CAPA's 2017-18 season with state tax dollars to encourage economic growth, education excellence, and cultural enrichment for all Ohioans. CAPA also appreciates the generous support of The National Endowment for the Arts, the Martha G. Staub and Willis H. Liggett Funds of The Columbus Foundation, and the Greater Columbus Arts Council.
About CAPA
Owner/operator of downtown Columbus' magnificent historic theatres (Ohio Theatre, Palace Theatre, Southern Theatre) and manager of the Riffe Center Theatre Complex, Lincoln Theatre, Drexel Theatre, Jeanne B. McCoy Community Center for the Arts (New Albany, OH), and the Shubert Theater (New Haven, CT), CAPA is a non-profit, award-winning presenter of national and international performing arts and entertainment. For more information, visit www.capa.com.
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/03/web1_FabFour_credit_CourtesyAPA.jpg
Nikki Bella was supposed to tie the knot with John Cena during a destination wedding on May 5.
However, the pair ended their engagement three weeks before walking down the aisle. Now, Nikki's twin sister, Brie Bella, is considering planning a girls trip for the former bride-to-be to get Nikki's mind off what would've been her wedding day.
“I'm throwing some stuff out there to her. We might do something, we are deciding. There's a part of her that just wants to be home,” said Brie, 34, on Tuesday while discussing the importance of children's vaccinations in celebration of World Immunization Week, co-hosted by Rotary International and Red Nose Day
“But I told her and I told my husband [Daniel Bryan], if we have to go to wine country, you're just going to have to watch [our daughter] Birdie. I just told her, you lead the way and I'll follow,” the Total Bellas star said of sibling Nikki, who made her first public appearance without her 4.5-carat diamond engagement ring on Saturday.
“If it's at home and eating pizza and devouring ice cream, I'm down for that or if you want to escape to Napa and down a lot of wine, I'm down for that as well,” she added.
RELATED: Brie Bella Says Total Bellas Captures Nikki & John Cena's Split: You Will ‘See That Unravel'
Jamie McCarthy/WireImage
On April 15, Nikki and John announced their split after six years of dating. The WWE stars got engaged in April 2017 on live TV during WrestleMania 33 after their match together.
RELATED: John Cena Hits The Gym for 41st Birthday — and So Does Ex Nikki Bella
Escaping to Napa would hold a special significance for the Bella twins.
“Napa is literally our heaven on earth. Every time we go there, we can let our brains just shut down,” Brie explained. “It's vacation, but because it's not a full day to travel there, you're not exhausted, and when we land in Napa, we get this energy from the vineyard. We love sitting out and hearing the birds and feeling the breeze and looking out at the greens and drinking great wines. I think the experience of wine-tasting is fun because you're learning something. Now we have our own wine there, too,” the mother of one says about their line, Belle Radici.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“It's fun because we go to Napa and we've made such close friends there. People feel like family. We all hang out and it's like we can get a little business done but then we just relax. Any time we need to recharge or need a break from the limelight, we go to Napa,” Brie continued.
Kevin Mazur/Fox/Getty
While Napa is a place of comfort for the sisters, as long as Nikki and Brie are together, the location doesn't matter.
“We're all doing good for the situation. The nice thing about having a sister is you just have a shoulder to cry on. My sister and I, she loves being around me right now because we can just sit in a room and not say a word,” Brie said.
“We can just sit in the room and have a glass of wine and look out at the ocean and just be quiet. I think that's what she needs right now — company, but company that doesn't talk. I think that's the great thing about being sisters,” the Total Divas star added. “I'm the most honest with her, I have zero filter so she can tell me off and then two minutes later we'll go grab coffee. My husband is like, this is crazy. I think when you go through a breakup you need that. I think we are lucky because we can have that.”
WATCH: Brie Bella Opens Up About Twin Nikki and John Cena's Doomed Engagement
Though Nikki ended the engagement, it does not mean Brie has ended her friendship with John.
“We've already exchanged like five text messages. That was the one thing I told John, and it's what my sister wants too, I was like, ‘You are like my brother,' ” Brie explained
RELATED: John Cena Said He Was Involved in ‘Every Single Step' of Planning His Wedding to Ex Nikki Bella
Jenelle Bonifield
Total Bellas returns May 20 at 9 p.m. ET on E!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CARSON, Calif. -- Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said Sunday he will sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice and segregation.
Bennett sat on the visiting bench during "The Star-Spangled Banner" before the Seahawks' preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams, a decision he made prior to protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia over the weekend. But what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman when she was struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
Pro Bowl DE Michael Bennett sits alone on #Seahawks bench during national anthem pic.twitter.com/zomzv4oiR5 — Gregg Bell (@gbellseattle) August 14, 2017
"With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice," Bennett said.
"First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation. I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society."
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat during the anthem. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist, continuing his approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the controversy over his decision to protest the anthem and the form he used has not quelled, even as he remains unsigned.
Bennett said he is willing to deal with similar fallout.
"Of course I'm going to face backlash," Bennett said. "This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport."
Bennett said he had spoken to several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While he acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and formally organized protests happening later, Bennett wanted to express himself.
"I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in," Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying he only became aware of it after the game.
Bennett said the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
"Everyone is in their comfort zone right now," Bennett said. "Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now."
CHICAGO - Go ahead and have that cup of coffee, maybe even several more. New research shows it may boost chances for a longer life, even for those who down at least eight cups daily.
In a study of nearly half-a-million British adults, coffee drinkers had a slightly lower risk of death over 10 years than abstainers.
The apparent longevity boost was seen with instant, ground and decaffeinated, results that echo U.S. research. It's the first large study to suggest a benefit even in people with genetic glitches affecting how their bodies use caffeine.
Overall, coffee drinkers were about 10 per cent to 15 per cent less likely to die than abstainers during a decade of followup. Differences by amount of coffee consumed and genetic variations were minimal.
The results don't prove your coffee pot is a Fountain of Youth nor are they a reason for abstainers to start drinking coffee, said Alice Lichtenstein, a Tufts University nutrition expert who was not involved in the research. But she said the results reinforce previous research and add additional reassurance for coffee drinkers.
"It's hard to believe that something we enjoy so much could be good for us. Or at least not be bad," Lichtenstein said.
The study was published Monday in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine.
It's not clear exactly how drinking coffee might affect longevity. Lead author Erikka Loftfield, a researcher at the U.S. National Cancer Institute, said coffee contains more than 1,000 chemical compounds including antioxidants, which help protect cells from damage.
Other studies have suggested that substances in coffee may reduce inflammation and improve how the body uses insulin, which can reduce chances for developing diabetes. Loftfield said efforts to explain the potential longevity benefit are continuing.
Adam Taylor, fetching two iced coffees for friends Monday in downtown Chicago, said the study results make sense.
EastEnders star Bonnie Langford has described the soap's current knife crime storyline as one of the toughest things she has ever done as an actress and said she hopes it encourages young people to change their behaviour.
The actress, who plays Carmel Kazemi, the mother of teenage stabbing victim Shakil, added she is hopeful it will prompt a discussion about the current rate of knife attacks.
In a special episode that will air on Friday, Carmel will initially refuse to attend the teenager's funeral because the grief is too much.
Carmel and Kush attend Shakil's funeral (BBC/Jack Barnes)
The scenes from the service will be interspersed with accounts from the parents of real life victims of knife crime, who will share their own stories of losing a child.
Langford described the scenes in which she learned about her on-screen son's death as particularly gruelling.
She said: “All I knew was that it couldn't be surface, you've got to go somewhere hard.
“Going home I tried to do some exercise and just be at home and breathe and learn the lines for the next day but while we were going through the main bulk of it is was all consuming.”
Brooke Kinsella, a former star of the soap whose half-brother Ben was stabbed to death in 2008, provided crucial help with the challenging storyline, she said.
“To have that much sadly personal knowledge but also what she's been doing since, all the campaigning and all the wonderful work and everything, it was invaluable having her support.
“I phoned her because the first scripts that I saw were so personal about grief and I think that is something that it doesn't follow a rulebook, there are no rules to grief.
“There are stages that everybody goes through, the denial, the anger, those different things but where they come in a person's life and story can be very personal.
“I was reading the script crying myself. What I was going over with her was the scripts and saying whether this would happen or that would happen.”
Langford said she was also influenced by her own experiences as a mother.
She said: “When we were shooting the first scene finding Shakil and I ran into hospital I wanted to say ‘Give him my blood' and that wasn't in and we put it in, don't tell the writers.
“It was just something that I felt as a mum myself. If I knew there was anything wrong with my child I would say ‘Take my blood, anything', because at that point she doesn't know he's gone.”
The soap star added that she now hopes the storyline prompts a discussion about knife crime and makes people think.
“The last thing we want is to tell people what to do, this is not preaching, this is not some kind of campaign to change the world.
Denise (Diane Parish) comforts Carmel's in the soap (BBC/Kieron McCarron)
“It's saying this is the world, how can we do something about it? And the only way you can do it is by asking people to think and listen and feel and the feeling is what will make people do something and maybe change.
“How can we help people to change their route and go the other way and why are they going in this direction and killing each other? Why are kids killing kids?
“I don't know and you can talk and talk and talk for days and days and days and it's not going to be solved overnight and it's not going to be solved in a TV show but it is going at least to be solved over time.
“Something has to change somewhere and it will somehow, we have to have hope that it will.”
The special episode of EastEnders will air on BBC1 at 9.15pm on Friday.
© Press Association 2018
MOSCOW, April 13 There is room for an interest rate cut but decisions on the central bank's key rate should be weighed carefully, an official in the central bank's monetary policy department said on Thursday.
Alexander Polonsky said the bank's monetary policy would remain moderately tight and that was positive for Russian financial stability. (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Alexander Winning; Editing by Christian Lowe)
MOSCOW, April 5 Uzbek President Shavkat Mirziyoyev called on Wednesday for "very tough measures" after this week's deadly bombing in St Petersburg.
During a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Mirziyoyev said Uzbekistan was prepared to cooperate closely with Russia on security issues.
Uzbekistan also would help and wholeheartedly support Russia's position on Afghanistan, he added.
(Reporting by Denis Dyomkin; writing by Sujata Rao)
WASHINGTON A deal between Greece and its international lenders for more fiscal reforms settles one issue that has blocked the International Monetary Fund's financial participation in the bailout, but debt relief is still needed, an IMF spokesman said on Tuesday.
The spokesman said the IMF has long maintained that Greece's bailout program must have both reforms to meet fiscal surplus targets and debt relief in order for the Fund to participate.
In a joint statement with Greece's European lenders, the IMF said: "the Greek authorities have confirmed their intention to swiftly implement this policy package. This preliminary agreement will now be complemented by further discussions in the coming weeks on a credible strategy for ensuring that Greece's debt is sustainable."
Greece's government early on Tuesday promised to cut pensions and give taxpayers fewer breaks to pave the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Democrats have rejected a proposal from President Donald Trump that would have extended the DACA amnesty for three years in a swap for $25 billion in wall funding, according to Politico.
The closed-door bargaining took place over the weekend but has crashed because Democrats wanted Trump to pay a much higher price for the wall funds, said Politico.
The Democrats would only agree to the wall funding if Trump agreed to citizenship for at least 1.8 million younger illegals, not just work permits for the 680,000 DACA enrollees.
Citizenship for the 1.8 million illegals would also mean citizenship for millions of their chain-migration relatives and would create a legal precedent to justify giving citizenship to all subsequent waves of children illegally brought into the United States by their illegal-immigrant parents. That Democratic counter-proposal would also have stripped Trump of the leverage to win other popular immigration reforms, including ending chain migration, ending the visa lottery, and closing legal loopholes in border security.
According to Politico:
Democrats balked, demanding instead that the White House provide a pathway to citizenship to 1.8 million young immigrants eligible under the DACA program, those sources said. The White House might have been open to negotiating further, but Democrats were only willing to entertain the massive wall funding figure in exchange for helping the same number of immigrants that Trump embraced in a proposal earlier this year. The impasse shows how far apart each side is ahead of a Friday deadline to fund the government: This could be Trump's best chance to get wall money, particularly if Democrats win back the House this fall. So the White House is willing to drop its insistence that any immigration deal include major cuts to legal immigration. In the administration‘s view, Democrats are being unreasonable in the face of Trump's flexibility. “We sent the minority leaders' offices a proposal that is pretty fair,” said a White House official. “It seems like Democrats don't want to take yes for an answer.”
The standoff means Trump's best chance for wall-funding in 2018 is the passage of the pending 2018 omnibus bill.
A Senate committee and the House have approved $1.6 billion for wall construction in 2018, but Capitol Hill negotiators have not said if the pending omnibus bill includes the funding. The bill is due for approval this week, on March 23.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAS VEGAS -- Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock tried to buy tracer ammunition at a gun show in the Phoenix area in recent weeks, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation tells CNN.
Paddock bought other ammunition at the show, but he couldn't obtain the tracer ammunition -- bullets with a pyrotechnic charge that, when the round is fired, leaves an illuminated trace of its path -- because the vendor didn't have any to sell, the official said.
Paddock did not use tracer bullets when he fired into the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Festival Sunday night from his suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, hundreds of yards away, killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others.
The official explained that if Paddock had tracer ammunition, he could have had a more precise idea of where his shots were going in the darkness, and could have been more accurate.
Shooters wanting greater accuracy often mix tracer rounds with non-tracers -- perhaps having one tracer every fifth round in a magazine, said Art Roderick, a CNN law enforcement analyst.
"It allows you to keep your weapon on not necessarily a specific target, but a specific area. ... There would have been a lot higher casualty rate if he had tracer rounds," said Roderick, a former assistant director of the US Marshals Service.
But tracer rounds also could have allowed police to see more quickly where Paddock was firing from, CNN law enforcement analyst James Gagliano said.
Without the tracer ammunition, Paddock's location was difficult to determine from the outside, said Gagliano, a retired FBI supervisory special agent.
"The barrel of the rifle -- we could not see muzzle flashes, from the angles I've seen on videos, which meant that he was ... pulled back inside," Gagliano said.
Did Paddock want to escape?
Five days after the mass shooting, authorities still are trying to determine the motivation of the retired accountant, who had no criminal record and did not raise any flags while purchasing an arsenal of weapons.
In addition to the 23 weapons in his hotel suite, Paddock had more than 50 pounds of exploding targets and 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car in the hotel parking lot, police said, fueling suspicion that he intended to survive the massacre.
"He was doing everything possible to see how he could escape," Las Vegas Police Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said Thursday, declining to detail specifics.
Escape, in this case, might have meant using the equipment in the car for further assaults until he got caught, said John Sheahan, a former Las Vegas SWAT team member.
"There's one of three ways it's going to end for an active shooter, and they pretty much all know this. You're either going to commit suicide; you're going to ... shoot it out with (police) and you're going to be killed; or you're going to continue on a preplanned rampage at locations b, c, d and e until the police finally stop you," Sheahan said.
"He rented the room in his own name. He's already on video coming in and out. We know who he is. He's going to be the most wanted man in the world if he does try to leave here," he added.
Authorities: Paddock acted alone
There was initial speculation that Paddock had outside help in perpetrating the shooting spree, but authorities now say there is nothing to suggest he had assistance.
Law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation told CNN they have seen no indication so far that Paddock had an accomplice or that anyone was aware of his attack planning.
Lombardo, the sheriff, had previously expressed skepticism that the gunman carried out his plan by himself.
"Do you think this was all accomplished on his own? You've got to make the assumption he had to have some help at some point," he said.
As the investigation grinds on, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department officers led the funeral of LVMPD officer Charleston Hartfield Thursday, who was among those gunned down at the Route 91 Harvest Festival country music event.
His body was escorted to Palm Downtown Mortuary and Cemetery, and a memorial was held for the slain police officer at Police Memorial Park in the northwest of the city -- one of several vigils in Las Vegas on Thursday evening.
Gun debate continues
In the wake of the deadly attack, the Eastside Cannary Casino Gun Show that was expected to be held in Las Vegas this weekend has been canceled, David Strow of Boyd Gaming Corporation tells CNN.
"This was a mutual decision with the show's organizers, given recent events, it was the prudent thing to do," Strow said.
Twelve of the 23 firearms found in the hotel suite had bump stocks -- legal accessories for semi-automatic rifles that allow a shooter to fire rounds more rapidly.
In the aftermath of Sunday's shooting, pro-gun Republican lawmakers and the National Rifle Association, the powerful pro-gun lobby, have suggested supporting a review of bump stocks.
Politicians from both sides of the aisle and lobbyists are now saying the controversial devices, which sell for under $200, should be subject to additional regulation.
US President Donald Trump is open to considering legislation that would ban bump stocks but wants to hear more information on the matter before making a final determination, the White House said Wednesday.
'Numbers' found on note
Lombardo said a note with numbers written on it was found in Paddock's room, according to the New York Times. Authorities are trying to analyze its meaning, but Lombardo didn't elaborate on whether they are significant or not.
"Lombardo said that it contained numbers that were being analyzed for their relevance, and that it was not a manifesto or suicide note," the Times reported.
Paddock had rented rooms at other festivals
Before checking into the Mandalay Bay days before the massacre, Paddock rented a room at a Las Vegas condo complex that overlooked the September 22-24 Life is Beautiful music festival.
In addition, in August, a person named Stephen Paddock reserved a room at Chicago's Blackstone Hotel during the city's Lollapalooza music festival, said Wagstaff Worldwide, which represents the hotel.
But that person never checked into the hotel, which overlooked the festival, Wagstaff Worldwide spokeswoman Emmy Carragher said.
It was not immediately clear whether the Stephen Paddock who booked the room was the same Stephen Paddock behind the Las Vegas massacre.
The Chicago Tribune, citing an anonymous law enforcement source, reported that it was the shooter Stephen Paddock who booked the room at the Blackstone Hotel.
Hairdresser: Paddock spoke about girlfriend's trip
Kallie Beig, who worked at the Great Clips in Mesquite, Paddock's hometown, told CNN exclusively that she had cut Paddock's hair at least three times over the past three years, and that every time he had come in, always early in the morning, he had smelled of strong liquor.
He would tell her that he'd been up all night gambling, she said.
The last time she saw him was two months before Sunday's tragedy, she said.
During his last visit, he told her he was planning on sending his girlfriend, Marilou Danley, to the Philippines and he was going to be alone. She did not discuss the trip with Danley personally.
"The last time I saw him was probably only about two months ago... he came in and got his hair cut, and again, smelled of alcohol, and his girlfriend was with him... doing her own thing, and he was telling me about her leaving to go to the Philippines."
She said that the interaction was normal and didn't raise any red flags with her.
"He was going to be home alone hanging out for a while by himself but it wasn't anything weird, it wasn't anything that seemed off."
In her statement released through her attorney, Matt Lombard, Danley said the trip was a surprise.
"A little more than two weeks ago, Stephen told me he found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and that he wanted me to take a trip home to see my family," she said.
"Like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends."
Beig characterized their relationship as quite cold and distant -- she said she didn't see them interacting in any sort of intimate way.
