After dating for roughly seven years, Princess Eugenie and her boyfriend Jack Brooksbank have officially announced their plans to wed. Here's what we know so far about the couple's engagement and their big day.
The Date
Go ahead and mark your calendar. Princess Eugenie and her fiancé will marry on October 12, 2018. The Duke of York confirmed the date on February 2, via Twitter.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The marriage of Her Royal Highness Princess Eugenie to Mr Jack Brooksbank will take place on 12th October 2018.
As previously announced, the wedding will take place at St. George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. — The Duke of York (@TheDukeOfYork) February 2, 2018
The Proposal
On January 22, the engagement news was announced via the royal family's Twitter account. The happy couple got engaged while in Nicaragua earlier that month.
Her Royal Highness and Mr. Brooksbank became engaged in Nicaragua earlier this month. — The Royal Family (@RoyalFamily) January 22, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Ring
Shortly after the news of her engagement broke, Princess Eugenie showed off her engagement ring in a series of portraits at Buckingham Palace.
Getty Images
The ring, which features a pinkish-orange oval padparadscha sapphire surrounded by diamonds, bears a close resemblance to the engagement ring Eugenie's father, Prince Andrew, gave to her mother, Sarah, Duchess of York.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Venue
Getty Images
Just like her cousin Prince Harry, Princess Eugenie will be married in St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. The chapel dates back to the 1300s and has hosted numerous royal weddings including Prince Edward's marriage ceremony in 1999, the union of Prince Charles and Camilla in 2005, and Prince Harry and Eugenie's cousin Peter Phillip's wedding to Autumn Kelly in 2008.
Eugenie's Title
Per the BBC, Eugenie "will keep her royal title when she marries Mr Brooksbank," but she will have the "option" to take his last name, meaning she could become HRH Princess Eugenie Brooksbank.
How they met
The happy couple reportedly met in Verbier, Switzerland. According to the Guardian, 32-year-old Brooksbank started dating Eugenie, 27, seven years ago after connecting in the Swiss resort town. The pair has even made dating long-distance work. They stayed together when Eugenie moved to New York City briefly for her career.
Phnom Penh's Sangkran Festival, the first large-scale Khmer New Year event put on by the city, attracted more than 50,000 visitors over three days, according to a district official who helped organize the event.
Ouk Sakal, head of administration for Daun Penh district, estimated that more than 10,000 people attended the festival, held at Wat Phnom, on Friday, while more than 20,000 came on both Saturday and Sunday.
“If people can't go to the provinces, then they can come here,” he said.
The festival had three main areas featuring traditional Khmer games, music and dancing; modern music and dancing; and performances including comedy shows.
One of Sunday's festival-goers, Sakom Vichet, 35, stood with his wife and two small children, watching Veay Ka'am, a game in which a blindfolded participant swings a tall stick to break a clay pot hanging about 5 meters above the ground.
“I wanted to watch people play traditional games,” he said.
Pan Nary, 67, sells beverages at Wat Phnom nearly every day, and said the weekend was one of the busiest she had ever seen.
She said the event was a nice option for people who could not go home to the provinces.
“I think it's great,” Ms. Nary said. “People who can't make it to their homeland, they can come here for Khmer New Year.”
Mr. Sakal referred questions about the cost of the event to City Hall spokesmen, who could not be reached for comment.
The only safety incident occurred on Saturday, Mr. Sakal said, when a “drug-addict carrying a plastic gun” was denied entry by some of the more than 240 police, military police and district security officers stationed in and around the pagoda.
obyrne@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Roger that: The Orioles' pitching is as bad as the Braves'
Funny things — not funny ha-ha, funny strange — happen when an Atlanta Braves pitching coach leaves here. For one thing, he winds up in Baltimore. For another, he finds his new assignment more immediately challenging than the one he just left.
It happened that way with Leo Mazzone, who in my view was a Hall of Fame pitching coach — and how many Hall of Fame coaches, as opposed to managers, of any kind can you name? — with the Braves. With the Orioles, his pitchers ranked 29th and 29th in ERA. After those two seasons, Rockin' Leo was fired.
The man who replaced Mazzone here was Roger McDowell. He did largely excellent work with the Braves. The past two seasons were less good: The team ranked 27th and 24th in ERA. The Braves chose not to keep McDowell, whom they believed was the wrong mentor for young pitchers. He wound up guess where.
Early returns under Chuck Hernandez, McDowell's successor, haven't been encouraging. The Braves are 22nd in overall ERA; their starters are 26th. (The Braves believe Hernandez will be better with young pitchers; trouble is, they paired him with Bartolo Colon and R.A. Dickey, both on the high side of 40.)
As for the Orioles: They've been even worse. They're 26th in overall ERA; their starters are 29th.
Baltimore has been getting away with having substandard rotations for a while. Of the 10 teams that made the 2016 postseason, eight ranked first through eighth in starters' ERA, which tells us all we need to know about the worth of starting pitching. The exceptions were Texas, which ranked 16th, and the Orioles, who ranked 24th. Baltimore hasn't had a rotation that finished in the top 10 of MLB teams in ERA this century.
That said, the Orioles often outperform their rotation due to good hitting, a good bullpen and Buck Showalter, considered the best in-game manager going. (Although this same Buck Showalter didn't use the great reliever Zach Britton in a wild-card game his team lost in 11 innings last fall, a non-move that will adhere forever.)
Baltimore is 31-32, which means it's not out of anything, but we note it was once 22-10, which means a precipitous slide is ongoing. With a run differential of minus-48 — second-worst among American League clubs — it's hard to see a postseason berth on the horizon. FanGraphs calculates the Orioles' chances of making the playoffs at 8.0 percent.
Speaking of which: Dave Cameron of FanGraphs offers a missive entitled, “The Orioles rotation is terrible.” McDowell isn't mentioned, but he is the pitching coach, and his stock in trade is being good with middling veterans, which is all Baltimore has. (Only Dylan Bundy is younger than 26; Ubaldo Jimenez and Wade Miley are 30-plus.)
Cameron notes that the O's, far from rebuilding, “are trying to win before Manny Machado hits free agency. They have a $165 million payroll, most of it going to older players on the downside of their career. But they have the rotation of a rebuilder or an also-ran, and bullpen magic doesn't help you much when you're down 10-0 in the third inning.”
His conclusion: “To keep this team in contention, the Orioles are going to need their starting pitchers to figure things out in a hurry. And then they're probably going to need to trade for another arm or three in July.”
Hmm. Is there any team we know that's apt to be trading starting pitchers on expiring contracts? Pretty sure the Braves could be persuaded to part with Jaime Garcia. Pretty sure they'd take almost anything — a crate of crab cakes, even — for Colon and/or Dickey.
(AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos, File). In this May 22, 2018, file photo, Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro holds up the National Electoral Council certificate declaring him the winner of the presidential election.
The suggestion by President Trump stunned those present at the meeting, including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, both of whom have since left the administration. (Source: CNN)
By JOSHUA GOODMAN
Associated Press
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) - As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding, President Donald Trump turned to his top aides and asked an unsettling question: With a fast unraveling Venezuela threatening regional security, why can't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country?
The suggestion stunned those present at the meeting, including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, both of whom have since left the administration. This account of the previously undisclosed conversation comes from a senior administration official familiar with what was said.
In an exchange that lasted around five minutes, McMaster and others took turns explaining to Trump how military action could backfire and risk losing hard-won support among Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for taking Venezuela down the path of dictatorship, according to the official. The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the discussions.
But Trump pushed back. Although he gave no indication he was about to order up military plans, he pointed to what he considered past cases of successful gunboat diplomacy in the region, according to the official, like the invasions of Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
The idea, despite his aides' best attempts to shoot it down, would nonetheless persist in the president's head.
The next day, Aug. 11, Trump alarmed friends and foes alike with talk of a "military option" to remove Maduro from power. The public remarks were initially dismissed in U.S. policy circles as the sort of martial bluster people have come to expect from the reality TV star turned commander in chief.
But shortly afterward, he raised the issue with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, according to the U.S. official. Two high-ranking Colombian officials who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid antagonizing Trump confirmed the report.
Then in September, on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump discussed it again, this time at greater length, in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos, the same three people said and Politico reported in February.
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it wouldn't play well, but the first thing the president said at the dinner was, "My staff told me not to say this." Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they didn't want a military solution, according to the official, who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure.
Eventually, McMaster would pull aside the president and walk him through the dangers of an invasion, the official said.
Taken together, the behind-the-scenes talks, the extent and details of which have not been previously reported, highlight how Venezuela's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration. But critics say it also underscores how his "America First" foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless, providing ammunition to America's adversaries.
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations. But a National Security Council spokesman reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela's democracy and bring stability. Under Trump's leadership, the U.S., Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials, including Maduro himself, over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses. The U.S. has also distributed more than $30 million to help Venezuela's neighbors absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country.
For Maduro, who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves, Trump's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as he was trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation. Within days of the president's talk of a military option, Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn "Emperor" Trump's belligerence, ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents he said were plotting his overthrow with the U.S.
"Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!" thundered Nicolas Maduro, the president's son, at the government-stacked constituent assembly. "If Venezuela were attacked, the rifles will arrive in New York, Mr. Trump," the younger Maduro said. "We will take the White House."
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump's saber rattling. Santos, a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro, said an invasion would have zero support in the region. The Mercosur trade bloc, which includes Brazil and Argentina, issued a statement saying "the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy" and repudiating "any option that implies the use of force."
But among Venezuela's beleaguered opposition movement, hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased.
A few weeks after Trump's public comments, Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann, a former Venezuelan planning minister, wrote a syndicated column titled "D Day Venezuela," in which he called for a "coalition of the willing" made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly.
Mark Feierstein, who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration, said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela, however commendable, won't loosen Maduro's grip on power if it's not accompanied by pressure from the streets. However, he thinks Venezuelans have largely been demoralized after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths, and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile.
"People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says," Feierstein, who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group, said of Trump's talk of military invasion of Venezuela. "The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans, many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them."
___
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
___
Follow Goodman on Twitter: https://twitter.com/APjoshgoodman
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BROWNSVILLE, Texas — A South Texas city official who used a racial slur to describe two black assistant district attorneys has resigned.
Brownsville City Commissioner Cesar De Leon submitted his letter of resignation Thursday night, citing a conflict of interest between his duties as a lawyer and as a city commissioner.
Last month, multiple social media users posted audio clips of De Leon using slurs and derogatory language in referring to two prosecutors in the Cameron County District Attorney's Office. De Leon later apologized for the language, although he called the conversation private. He also said he believed the discussion was recorded, edited and released by the person to whom he was speaking.
——
Information from: The Brownsville Herald, http://www.brownsvilleherald.com
Manufacturers, consumer goods companies, medical device providers and their supply chain vendors are expanding the use of 3D printing — with the help of robots.
Gartner's annual predictions about the future of 3D printing have been published. A brief synopsis of this year's 19 page Predicts report follows.
Strategic Planning Assumption: By 2020, 10% of industrial operations will incorporate robotic 3D printers in their manufacturing processes.
Read the entire article here, Predicts 2017: 3D Printing Accelerates
via the fine folks at Gartner
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Regular users of the M53 and M56 are being urged plan their journeys as work begins on renewing the rail line between Wirral and Liverpool.
The six-month Wirral loop line track renewal programme, which begins tomorrow (January 3), will mean no cross-river rail services for the first six weeks of the year.
The Mersey Tunnels and surrounding routes are expected to be much busier as a result.
Highways England says it has been working closely with Merseytravel and Wirral line operators Merseyrail to plan for the closures. It is urging drivers to plan ahead and check traffic conditions before setting out on journeys, especially at peak travel times.
Rail users are being encouraged to continue using public transport including express rail replacement services, existing cross-river buses and the Mersey Ferries to help keep the tunnels and surrounding routes flowing.
Merseytravel is advising road users to:
1) Look to travel at non-peak times where possible and allow extra time for journeys.
2) Ensure cars are winter-ready to avoid any potential breakdown in the tunnels or on surrounding routes which would cause disruption and delays to all motorists.
3) Apply for a tunnel Fast Tag which as well as saving drivers money on each tunnel journey assists traffic management flow through the toll plazas.
4) Road hauliers and delivery firms are also advised to discuss with customers whether deliveries or pick-ups can be rescheduled to avoid travel through the tunnels at peak periods.
Highways England's Phil Stockford said: “Merseytravel and its partners have being working really hard to publicise these important modernisation works and are encouraging rail users to stick to public transport rather than jump in their cars.
“However we want regular users of our roads in and around Merseyside, including the M53, M56, M62 and A5036, to appreciate that this work is taking place, that there may be extra traffic on their journeys especially through the tunnels and also to get into the habit of checking traffic conditions before setting out and planning their journeys accordingly.”
He added: “For our part we'll be monitoring congestion and incidents closely and working to advise drivers of any issues.”
Full information on the Wirral loop works, including advice on alternative travel modes and other journey planning advice, is available on the Merseyrail website HERE.
The saga involving Nigeria Immigration, Nigeria Police Force and the Senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District, Sen. Dino Melaye have taken a bad turn this week and it has ended up with the hospitalization of the senator. The senate has been trending in recent time since the Mace was carted away by hoodlums believed to be loyal to Sen. Omo-Agege.
It was gathered and confirmed by TVC News platform, Journalist Hangout that Melaye jumped out of police hilux vehicle conveying him to Kogi State to answer for the crimes which he has been alleged to have committed.
However, the former Aviation Minister, Mr. Femi Fani-Kayode has finally spoken on the incessant molestation of Sen. Dino via a tweet on his handle and accused President Buhari of witch-hunting his friends (Dino Melaye) who opposes him.
See what he wrote below and people's reactions.
Phife Dawg lives on through the new posthumous song “Wanna Know,” from R&B artist Dwele. It's a smooth two-step single that features some of Phife Dawg's signature plainspoken wordplay (“Skin softer than a roll of Charmin”). Dawg's posthumous appearance comes after April's “Nutshell” and his patois-inflected verses on A Tribe Called Quest's We got it from Here… Thank You 4 Your service.
Okayplayer says that “Wanna Know” is expected to appear on Dwele's Same Book…New Chapter and Dawg's Forever, his first posthumous LP and second solo effort overall. Check out the new song below and catch the Tribe's part-tribute Grammys performance here.
NASHVILLE — Country music journalist, publicist and songwriter Hazel Smith has died. She was 83.
Her granddaughter Tara Bruchas said she died at a Nashville hospital on Sunday.
Smith is credited with coining the term “outlaw country” in the 1970s. She worked as a publicist for Kinky Friedman and worked out of Tompall Glaser's studio with artists like Waylon Jennings and Willie Nelson. And it was there she came up with the movement's moniker for artists who were bucking Music Row trends.
She wrote a regular popular column for “Country Music” magazine, as well as writing for other outlets, and had songs recorded by Tammy Wynette and Dr. Hook. She also worked with Ricky Skaggs and Sharon White and was the host of a CMT series “Southern Fried Flicks.”
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (WFLA/KDLT) – A South Dakota St. Bernard has set a world record for having the longest tongue for a dog.
According to the Guinness World Record, Mochi's tongue measures 7.31 inches.
The previous record was held by a Pekingese whose tongue measured 4.5 inches.
Mochi's owner says while her dog is happy, she has some breathing problems because her tongue is so long.
Mochi also slobbers more than usual when she's nervous.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: 3news.com
2017-10-06
The room of Awotse where his penis and scrotum were cut off
A man suspected of having a sexual relationship with a married woman has had his penis and scrotum cut off by some unknown assailants in a case the Police at Amasaman are treating as attempted murder.
The man, whose name has been given only as Awotse, was allegedly in an amorous relationship with the unnamed married woman.
Sources told TV3 that the husband of the woman allegedly contracted the four assailants who on Thursday afternoon carried out the dastardly act.
Awotse was in his room at Nsakina in Amasaman at about 1:30pm when the assailants stormed there, sealed his mouth to prevent him from screaming and his penis, together with his testicles, slashed off.
Before escaping, the assailants were said to have told the victim that they were contracted by the woman's husband to cut off his penis to stop Awotse from sleeping with his wife.
Screams from Awotse later attracted residents who rushed to Awotse's room to find him in a pool of blood.
His testicles and penis were found at the scene with blood oozing.
Awotse was immediately taken to the Amasaman Municipal Hospital but he was referred to the Greater Accra Regional Hospital where he is currently receiving medical attention.
A report has been made to the Amasaman Divisional Police but no arrest has been made yet.
An investigation into the matter has begun.
Transcript for Female motorcycle stunt driver killed in accident on the set of 'Deadpool 2'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
TAMPA, FL — Student-loan debt has piled up to $1.3 trillion in the U.S., surpassing credit card and auto-loan debt. Borrowers leave school owing on average $34,000, that's up 70 percent from a decade ago, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Thomas Jefferson High School senior Anthony Soto won't be one of them. At age 18, he's already visited a stock broker, and says the broker initially thought he was there on behalf of his mother.
“I was like, ‘I'm here to open an account to get into the money market.' And he said, ‘Oh! So by the time you get to my age, you'll probably be a millionaire!'” Soto said.
Soto is enrolled in a year-long personal finance course at Jefferson High School's Business and Finance Leadership Academy. Students in the class learn to live debt free by avoiding loans and credit cards, setting budgets, and starting to save for retirement.
“You realize how many avenues and ways there are to save money — but you realize you need to take action now to be able to see yourself doing better in the future,” senior Resham Patel said.
While these students are setting themselves up to be okay, in general, the state of Florida isn't. There's no requirement that schools provide any personal-finance education, although financial literacy is included in high school curricula as part of a class on economics.
“No student should be able to cross the graduation stage without having taken and passing personal financial class,” Academy Director Larissa Dias-Lizarraga said.
A bill requiring a course in personal financial literacy as a graduation requirement is under consideration by Florida's legislature. Sen. Dorothy Hukill, R-Port Orange, filed the bill (SB 392) seeking to require a half-credit of financial literacy to graduate from Florida's high schools. She's been trying to get this legislation passed since 2014. If adopted, her bill would require ninth graders entering high school in 2017-18 or later to take a half-credit course in personal financial literacy and money management. The bill is currently scheduled for a second reading in the Senate.
The students at Jefferson High School use a program called Foundations in Personal Finance, developed by Dave Ramsey, a personal money-management expert, national radio personality and author. It is available for middle and high school students, and can also be used for homeschool classes.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
Nigeria's oil export to rise by 13% in July
…Still over 400,000bpd below 2017 budget benchmark
By Udeme Akpan, Prince Okafor
ABUJA—Nigeria's oil exports would rise by 13 per cent in July, this year as Shell Petroleum Development Company Limited continues to increase forcados production after the completion of rehabilitation.
Specifically, exports from forcados, currently standing at 197,000 barrels per day (bpd), would hit 252,000 bpd in July, thus increasing the nation's total export to 1.84 million bpd.
According to loading programmes made available to Vanguard, the nation, which would not be in a position to export Abo during the period, has concluded plans to export 228,000 bpd of Agbami in seven cargoes and 95,000 bpd of Amenam in three cargoes.
It would export 32,000 bpd of Antan in one cargo as well as 195,000 bpd of Bonga in seven cargoes during the period.
The nation would also export 203,000 bpd of Bonny Light as well as 110,000 bpd of Brass River to the market.
Other exports to be made include: 32,000 bpd of EA, 133,000 bpd of Erha, 127,000 bpd of Escravos, 30,000 bpd of Okono, 22,000 bpd of Okwori, 30,000 bpd of Pennington, 222,000 bpd of Qua Iboe, 63,000 bpd of Usan and 63,000 bpd of Yoho.
Despite the increase, Nigeria's oil export remains over 400,000 bpd below the nation's 2.2 million bpd 2017 budget target, meaning that Nigeria may not be in a position to generate adequate funds for the implementation of its N7.44 trillion budget, especially as a result of the relatively low crude oil price in the market.
Current oil price
Yesterday, the price of Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) daily basket, including Nigeria's Bonny Light, stood at $46.01 per barrel, compared with $45.93 the previous day, according to OPEC Secretariat calculations.
Mr. Lukman Otunuga, Research Analyst in Forex Times, disclosed that oil price started to drop after an industry report showed an unexpected increase in US Crude stockpiles last week which fuelled oversupply fears.
“The downside was complimented by news of Nigeria and Libya pushing OPEC's output higher last month for the first time this year.”
“With oversupply woes still a recurring theme, and investors becoming increasingly sceptical over the effectiveness of the production cuts led by OPEC and Russia to rebalance the markets, WTI remains vulnerable to further selling pressure. US Shale remains a threat to the OPEC deal with markets observing how the cartel reacts when the surging output from the US seizes market share from other OPEC members,” he added.
Mr. Muda Yusuf, Director General of the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry, stated in a telephone interview that the government needed to be prudent in the management of the nation's resources while working hard to diversify the oil-dependent economy.
“The government should not be talking about diversifying the nation's economy. It should be working to achieve it.”
“The nation needs to use our oil earnings to develop other sectors, especially, gas, agriculture, manufacturing and tourism,” he added.
Mr. Johnson Chukwu, Managing Director/Chief Executive officer of Cowry Asset Management Limited, said the situation was worsened by the decision of the United States not to be part of the Paris Club on climate change, thus giving impression that it was bent on flooding the market with shale oil.
Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, had issued a threat to the United States and other oil producing countries who are non-members of OPEC, stating that OPEC would soon stop playing the role of stabilising the global crude oil market.
Role of OPEC, non-OPEC members
Kachikwu had stated that ensuring high and stable prices of crude oil globally, should be the role of OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing countries alike and should not be left alone for the former.
He had said, “The difficulty and reality is that OPEC is producing about 30 per cent of world oil today. Everybody keeps looking to OPEC to find a solution; but there are 70 per cent producers who have a major impact on world price and unless everybody begins to come back to the pot, OPEC cannot continue indefinitely to just take the tank, take the blames and take the issues and yield the market space and also create the cuts that are essential to stabilise.”
“It is in the interest of everybody that somehow we find a way that shale would become a bit more matured and sensible about the long term outlook for shale production as opposed to short term intervention and sporadic in-playing that we have seen in the marketplace. We are working on that with OPEC,” he had added.
President Buhari and budget
President Muhammadu Buhari had while presenting the budget to the National Assembly stressed the need to diversify the nation's economy.
“First we clearly understand the paradox that to diversify from oil we need oil revenues. You may recall that oil itself was exploited by investment from agricultural surpluses. We will now use oil revenues to revive our agriculture and industries. Though we cannot control the price of crude oil, we are determined to get our production back to at least 2.2 million barrels per day.”
“Consistent with the views which have also been expressed by the National Assembly, we will continue our engagement with the communities in the Niger Delta to ensure that there is minimum disruption to oil production. The National Assembly, State and Local Governments, Traditional Rulers, Civil Society Organisations and Oil Companies must also do their part in this engagement. We must all come together to ensure peace reigns in the Niger Delta,” he had added.
The post Nigeria's oil export to rise by 13% in July appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HALIFAX — Ben Cowan-Dewar was a bright-eyed 25-year-old entrepreneur when he visited Inverness, N.S., and saw a jaw-dropping landscape fit for a luxury golf course.
Past the abandoned mines and hardscrabble edges of the Cape Breton village, he envisioned a boutique 18-hole course and upscale resort perched atop craggy cliffs.
“It was a magical day,” Cowan-Dewar said recalling his first impressions of the coastline. “There was a mile of ocean frontage that mirrored the great links courses of Scotland and Ireland.”
The trouble was money.
Finding capital is tricky for any entrepreneur. But banks are notoriously nervous about new ventures in rural regions — even golf courses in picturesque locations destined to attract well-heeled golfers.
To help build Cabot Links, and later its sibling Cabot Cliffs, Cowan-Dewar's company turned to private financial partners and taxpayer-backed assistance.
Cabot Links at Inverness LP cashed interest-free loans of $6.5 million from the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency (ACOA), while the government of Nova Scotia inked an $8.25 million cheques for a low-interest loan.
Several years later, the business is on track to repaying the loans, and the golf course is held up by economic development guru Donald Savoie as an innovative way to bring jobs and prosperity to a rural area.
“They've added a new Grade 1 classroom (at the local school). People are moving to the community,” said Savoie, the architect of ACOA and an influential Universite de Moncton professor. “The unemployment rate used to be in the double-digits and it's now virtually zero.”
Critics argue the golf courses are government-subsidized playgrounds for millionaires. They say most of the jobs are seasonal, and question why taxpayer dollars are helping a private business cater to wealthy golfers.
But the economic impact of the two golf courses is incontrovertible: Hundreds of people work at the resort, and the town has a new restaurant and coffee shop.
It's a glimpse into a polarizing economic development debate that for this story starts on a spring day 30 years ago.
***
In 1987, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney stepped off a plane in St. John's, N.L., with a massive economic experiment.
Atlantic Canada was a have-not region steeped in economic misfortune and staggering unemployment.
The fisheries were in a downturn, coal mining was dying and military bases were shuttering.
It was time to relieve the burden of regional disparity, Mulroney said, to create an economic renaissance in a struggling region.
His solution: The Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency.
“We begin with new money, a new mission and a new opportunity,” he declared optimistically. “The agency will succeed where others have failed.”
The experiment unveiled on a spring day three decades ago has exceeded expectations for some. Thirty years, $10 billion and 56,000 grants and loans later, ACOA stands as a lasting legacy of the Mulroney government, a recognition by Ottawa that Atlantic Canada had been short-changed since Confederation.
But economic malaise continues to grip the East Coast, and while ACOA has spurred jobs and startups, critics say it has simply propped up failing firms and padded the coffers of private enterprise.
Thousands of loans worth more than $425 million have been written off over the last three decades, unpaid by insolvent firms. Eyebrows have been raised when top-level ACOA positions have gone to allies of the governing party.
And despite Mulroney's avowal on that June day 30 years ago that “the region does not need another bureaucracy,” the agency now has a staff of 651 in its Moncton, N.B., headquarters, Ottawa and across the Atlantic region.
In all, its operating costs, including salaries, office rentals and equipment, have tallied up to almost $2 billion over the last three decades, roughly one-fifth of its $9.5 billion in total spending over 30 years.
The agency has been described as a boondoggle masquerading as economic development, a vehicle for pork-barrel politics, patronage appointments and make-work projects.
Concerns have been raised about repeat users, firms that have secured money from ACOA year after year for decades.
Atlantic Wallboard — a gypsum wallboard manufacturer under the powerful Irving empire — received more than $40 million in “conditionally repayable” loans, for example, which means the money is only paid back if the investment is successful.
Whether the loans have been repaid, or how much has been paid back, is “subject to client confidentiality and cannot be shared,” ACOA spokesman Robert Bourgeois said in an email, adding only that Atlantic Wallboard is a client in good standing.
In a perfect world, said Savoie — author of “Looking for Bootstraps: Economic Development in the Maritimes,” released earlier this year — governments wouldn't give grants to big businesses flush with cash.
The problem, he said, is companies can pick up and move to Maine or North Carolina in search of more favourable treatment. Savoie said some companies “shop around” for “juicy morsels of government assistance.”
“There are places in the U.S. where they won't pay taxes for 10 years,” he said. “We could be holier-than-thou and say we're not going to help the Irvings or the McCains. They'll say ‘Fine, we'll just go somewhere else where governments are happy to help us.”‘
Ian McAllister, economic adviser under former Newfoundland and Labrador premier Joey Smallwood, disagrees. We should let them go, he argued.
“If a company comes up to me and says ‘If you don't give us a grant we're going to go south of the border' I would shake their hands and say ‘Well enjoy yourself' because that is not a good case,” said McAllister, who headed the regional development unit of the federal Finance Department in the early 1970s.
McAllister said the promise of “jobs, jobs, jobs” shouldn't be enough to obtain public money, unless there is a thorough and compelling cost-benefit assessment attached to those jobs.
“The companies that are the most capable of extracting funds through programs are the big multi-national corporations,” he said. “But we shouldn't have to bribe them to come here.”
***
Before ACOA, economic development meant building big industrial parks and luring outside investors with handsome cash grants.
Savoie's vision was a sharp departure. Regional development should be endogenous, he said, harnessing the energy and skills of Atlantic Canadians.
Two months after ACOA was born, his vision was emulated in other regions. “Now every postal code in Canada has a regional development agency,” Savoie said.
There are six agencies in all: Atlantic Canada, northern Canada, western Canada, Quebec regions, northern Ontario and southern Ontario.
Advocates of ACOA-style economic development say it helps beleaguered towns and gives local entrepreneurs a fighting chance.
In the early years, ACOA was lambasted for creating an uneven playing field through generous grants. But it has increasingly moved towards repayable loans.
Although more than 80 per cent of the 56,000 awards handed out are so-called non-repayable contributions, or grants, the vast majority of those are to cities and towns, universities, and not-for profit organizations.
Atlantic Canada's still-weak economy could be worse without ACOA, its backers contend.
While statistics show the region continues to lag the rest of the country, figures also show the economic chasm dividing the East Coast from the rest of the country is closing.
In 2016, GDP per capita — a measure of economic activity — rose to $37,980 per person, or 82 per cent of the national level, up from $30,600 or 76 per cent in 2000, for example.
Joblessness in the Atlantic region is also better, at just over nine per cent, down from a staggering nearly 14 per cent in 1987.
But whether those improvements are due to ACOA is hard — impossible even — to gauge.
ACOA spokesman Bourgeois offers a list of statistics that support the agency's existence: Fifty-seven per cent of ACOA-assisted firms are still operating five years after starting up, compared to 31 per cent without support. Sales and labour productivity are also higher and grow faster for firms cashing ACOA cheques. And for every dollar ACOA has spent, the region's GDP grew by more than $5 over a five-year period, with the GDP of all four Atlantic provinces combined about a billion dollars higher in 2012-13 as a result of investments.
***
After 30 years watching the agency grow, the Savoie says he's hopeful about its future, calling the newly minted president, Francis McGuire, “a bolt of energy.”
“He's shaking things up,” Savoie said of McGuire, a former businessman who became ACOA's deputy minister in June. “He's bringing a new level of energy, a fresh perspective.”
McGuire has an ambitious plan to raise Atlantic Canada's profile in Ottawa and says he's ready to lead the agency down a new path.
“ACOA over the years has not played as aggressive a role in terms of advocacy,” said the former president and CEO of Major Drilling Group International Inc.
Looking forward, McGuire said ACOA needs to help companies with changing demographics, skills mismatch and the need for increased automation.
In a recent interview on the agency's 30th anniversary, Mulroney admitted ACOA hasn't been perfect.
“But I think it did a lot of good,” he told The Canadian Press. “It's done a tremendous job in helping small and medium business in Atlantic Canada.”
Mulroney added: “I think that governments obviously have to play a role. And one of the key roles obviously is creating a climate within which the private sector can flourish. But you'd have to be foolish not to understand that in a region like Atlantic Canada the government must be there to be of assistance. This is not like downtown New York City â¦ it's not as easy to attract industry here.”
Ben Cowan-Dewar says his world-class golf courses would never have happened without government backing.
“Financing was a massive challenge. The farther you get from a major city, the harder it is to find financing,” he said. “The combination of it being rural and the relative market size … there just seemed to be so many odds stacked against us.”
TORONTO — The province's top writers, photographers and editors gathered Friday, April 20 to receive deserved recognition at the Ontario Community Newspaper Association's 2017 Better Newspapers competition, which honours the work of Ontario's community newspapers.
In attendance were familiar faces from your very own Metroland Media community newspapers in Muskoka, Parry Sound and Almaguin, who brought home nine awards, including two firsts, three seconds and four third place finishes in a field that included over 1,700 entries in 57 categories.
The Almaguin News claimed three awards in its circulation class, including first for Best Editorial, third for Best Business Story and first for Best Front Page.
The Feb. 2, 2017 story "Lack of snowmobile traffic crippling economy" took third place in a competitive field of 67 entries in the business story category. “Well-written and researched,” said judge David Sali, print editor for the Ottawa Business Journal, “…overall, a very good story by Andrew Mendler.”
Alison Brownlee's first place editorial, “Million Dollar governance,” from May 11, 2017 was described by judge Joe Banks, journalism co-ordinator, Algonquin College, as an “Excellent editorial that is fearless, uses data to underscore its point and leaves the reader no doubt where the writer stands. It's a pleasure to see such bold emphatic writing in our rural papers.”
The Almaguin News Sept. 21, 2017 edition took top spot for best front page due to its “Dynamic variety of topics, images and ads,” according to judge Lily Ryan, editor, co-publisher/owner, West Quebec Post, Bulletin d'Aylmer.
The Parry Sound Metroland publications came away with four awards, including a second in General Excellence, second in Best Feature Series, third for Best Special Section and a second for Best Website.
Reporter Stephannie Johnson earned a second for “A glimpse inside the OPP detachment,” in the Sept. 13, 2017 issue of the Parry Sound North Star. “Stephannie Johnson's ‘A day in the life of Parry Sound OPP' took a unique approach to an oft-done idea, drawing readers in with compelling writing as well as intriguing personal tales,” said judges Peter McCully, group publisher, and Phillip Wolf, managing editor, Vancouver Island Free Daily.
The Parry Sound North Star also claimed second for General Excellence, with judges' comments: “An attractive paper with good stories, compelling photos, and a crisp design. A variety of news provides useful information and engaging stories about local people and issues. Excellent front pages with great photos. Use of colour and greyscale are excellent in both advertising and editorial, and print quality stands out. A good-looking paper!”
The 2017 Parry Sound and Area Progress took third for the Parry Sound Beacon Star in Best Special Section. “Love the timeline across the top. Great ads, good review, great section!” said judge Amanda Zimmer, general manager, Claresholm Local Press, Alberta.
A position-by-position look at the matchups in the NBA Finals between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers:
CENTER: Kevon Looney vs. Tristan Thompson. An afterthought much of the season, Thompson rejoined the Cleveland rotation in the playoffs and has provided the Cavaliers with 6.1 points and 6.1 rebounds per game. Warriors coach Steve Kerr went with Looney against Houston but could go a number of ways in this series, with JaVale McGee, Zaza Pachulia and Jordan Bell among his options. And of course, the Warriors are at their best when they go with none of the above, using Draymond Green as the centre in a small-ball lineup. Edge: Warriors.
POWER FORWARD: Draymond Green vs. Kevin Love or Jeff Green. The Cavaliers are hoping Love can return after the All-Star missed Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals because of a concussion. Jeff Green started in his place and scored 19 points in the victory in Boston. Neither player can match the all-around production the Warriors get from Draymond Green, with his defence, rebounding and passing. All he has to do is keep his emotions in check. Edge: Warriors.
SMALL FORWARD: Kevin Durant vs. LeBron James. Durant was last year's NBA Finals MVP, is the No. 3 scorer by average among players who have played at least 10 finals games (32.9 points), and still might be the second-best forward in this series. That's how good James remains at 33, as he proved while averaging 34 points, 9.2 rebounds and 8.8 assists in the Eastern Conference playoffs. In his eighth straight NBA Finals, he probably needs to produce numbers like that in every game to give the Cavaliers any chance. Edge: Cavaliers.
SHOOTING GUARD: Klay Thompson vs. J.R. Smith. The Warriors might not even be here without Thompson's clutch performance in Game 6 of the West finals against Houston. He can heat up in a hurry from the outside, and as an added benefit no longer has to spend so much energy defending Kyrie Irving as he did so often in the last two NBA Finals. Smith can also heat up, but can also be prone to prolonged bad streaks and losses of concentration, and the Warriors feast on those. Edge: Warriors.
POINT GUARD: Stephen Curry vs. George Hill. Injured to start the post-season, Curry showed just how explosive he and the Warriors remain with some big third quarters in the West finals. There were questions as he struggled earlier in that series if he still wasn't fully healthy, but he sure looked good enough at the end. Hill is a steady veteran and the most productive of the four players the Cavaliers acquired at the trade deadline, but like a lot of Cavaliers will be at a speed disadvantage in this series. Edge: Warriors.
RESERVES: Andre Iguodala, Shaun Livingston, Nick Young, McGee, Bell, David West, Pachulia, Quinn Cook and Patrick McCaw vs. Kyle Korver, Jeff Green, Jordan Clarkson, Larry Nance Jr., Rodney Hood, Jose Calderon and Cedi Osman. Iguodala's health looms as the biggest question entering the series after he was sidelined for much of the West finals with a bone bruise in his leg. The 2015 NBA Finals MVP leads the defensive effort against James and is part of the Warriors' best lineup. Korver's shooting is a key off the Cleveland bench, but Clarkson, Nance and Hood have never become regularly reliable after being acquired in February. Edge: Warriors.
COACHES: Steve Kerr vs. Tyronn Lue. This was a challenging season for both. Lue stepped away from his team for a while for health reasons, as Kerr had to do during the last two seasons. Kerr acknowledged the struggles of keeping his team motivated this season, even letting the players coach themselves in timeouts during one game. Both coaches pushed the right buttons when their teams were pushed to the brink in earlier rounds, but Kerr just has more of them at his disposal. Edge: Warriors.
——
Follow Brian Mahoney on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/Briancmahoney
Atletico Madrid have announced the signing of teenage defender Nehuen Perez from Argentinos Juniors.
The 18-year-old centre-back has signed a six-year contract to move to the LaLiga side.
Perez, an Argentina Under-17 international, trained with Jorge Sampaoli's side in Russia during their unsuccessful World Cup campaign.
Atletico have also confirmed Bernard Mensah will join Kayserispor on loan for the 2018-19 season.
Nicola Walker and Sanjeev Bhaskar will return to our TV screens in a third series of Chris Lang's crime drama Unforgotten.
Advertisement
ITV has announced that the duo will be back for a new six-part series focusing on yet another intricate historical investigation which reveals a fresh web of long-buried secrets.
Unforgotten series two saw police officers Cassie (Walker) and Sunny (Bhaskar) the pair choosing to walk away from a case, after discovering that their suspects had actually been victims of child sex abuse and worked together to murder their abusers.
It ended on a cliffhanger, with Cassie walking off into the night after making the difficult decision, leaving us wondering what might happen next.
Writer Chris Lang told RadioTimes.com he was eager to do “one more series”, revealing that he already had plans for another story.
“I'd love to come back for another go, I'd like to do one more series, because I want to square various circles with Cassie and Sunny”, he said as series two drew to a close, with the pair struggling to come to terms with their decision to back away from the case.
“I don't think it's something that they will wear lightly. I hope the audience sort of feel that that was a very difficult decision to make. You can argue whether it's the right or the wrong one, but it's certainly one that I think you can understand given what those characters had been through,” Lang explained.
Advertisement
“It's a secret that they now have and they will have to carry with them through their job and if we do get a third series obviously one will attempt to explore the ramifications of what making such a profound decision will be.”
Netanyahu questioned at official residence National Fraud Investigation Unit arrives at PM's residence. He will be questioned under caution on suspicion of accepting favors. Contact Editor Mordechai Sones,
Amos Ben Gershom/GPO Prime Minister Netanyahu Investigators from the National Fraud Unit arrived this evening (Monday) at the Prime Minister's residence on Balfour Street in Jerusalem to investigate allegations of graft against Netanyahu.
Netanyahu will be questioned under caution on suspicion of accepting favors from foreign businessmen.
Police will seek to clarify the allegations with the Prime Minister and it is estimated that more sessions will be needed to examine the materials in their possession.
Netanyahu referred earlier to the inquiry on the issue during the Likud Knesset faction meeting. "We see and hear the festive spirit in the television studios and in the corridors of the opposition.
"I want to tell them to put the festivities on hold. Do not rush. I told you and I repeat: there will be nothing because there is nothing. You continue blowing hot air balloons and we will continue to lead the State of Israel," said the Prime Minister.
SALEM, Ohio — The members of Agland Co-op and Heritage Cooperative have voted to approve the merger between the two Ohio-based organizations. The vote was announced Feb. 13, with 67 percent of Heritage members in favor, and 83 percent approval from Agland members. The new co-op will carry the Heritage name.
Both cooperatives announced their intent to merge in a June 2016 action, citing the benefits of combining services and leadership.
Jeff Osentoski, president and CEO of Agland, said the vote shows “members' commitment for moving forward and putting together a great co-op for the future.”
The effective date of the merger is Sept. 1. Osentoski will remain president, and become chief executive officer following the retirement of Heritage CEO Eric Parthemore, who plans to retire Nov. 1 or before.
Osentoski said the decision does not involve any planned facility closures. He said leaders from both co-ops will be working the next few months to have staff in place before the Sept. 1 effective date.
Lamar Liming, chairman of the Agland board, said both co-ops were in good financial condition, but saw the merger as an opportunity to better serve farmers, and to maintain co-op employees and facilities.
“Neither co-op had to merge,” Liming said. “We're both in good financial conditions.”
Liming said the central office will be Heritage's main office in West Mansfield.
In a Feb. 13 letter to co-op members and employees, the chairmen of both co-op boards said the merger will “create a dynamic organization built for the future.”
The letter promises to keep members informed, as policies, people and procedures are put together over the next few months.
Both companies have conducted mergers in the past. Agland merged with the Green Valley Co-op, of Marietta, in April 2014.
Heritage Cooperative is a member-owned cooperative founded in 2009 by the consolidation of Champaign Landmark, of Urbana, and The Farmers Commission Co., of Upper Sandusky.
Heritage serves a 20-county area in central Ohio, extending from Harding and Wyandot counties to the north, and Pickaway and Madison counties to the south. The cooperative includes 30 locations and serves more than 3,500 farmer members, and more than 4,000 rural and urban customers.
Agland Co-op is based in New Philadelphia, and serves customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Illinois and Kentucky. Agland was originally established in 1933, in Canfield, Ohio, and now has 23 locations and serves more than 1,900 farmer members.
NEW YORK — The Latest on a New York rape case against Harvey Weinstein (all times local):
6:15 p.m.
Harvey Weinstein's lawyer says the former film producer will “vigorously defend” himself after being indicted on rape and other sex crime charges, which he strongly denies.
Attorney Benjamin Brafman says he'll ask a court to dismiss the indictment.
A grand jury handed it up Wednesday, hours after Brafman said Weinstein had decided not to testify before the secret panel.
Brafman said there wasn't enough time to prepare because Weinstein learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday.
The lawyer also said “political pressure” made an indictment unavoidable.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. says the indictment brings Weinstein “another step closer to accountability.”
——
5:30 p.m.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges in New York City.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. announced the indictment Wednesday. He says it brings the former movie mogul “another step closer to accountability.”
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyers said he'd decided not to testify before the grand jury. They said there wasn't enough time to prepare because he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday.
Weinstein's lawyers also said “political pressure” on the DA made an indictment unavoidable.
They declined to comment further on the indictment.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. The 66-year-old has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
11:45 a.m.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not.
They say his request for more time was denied.
Prosecutors declined to comment.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. Dozens more women have accused him of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
The 66-year-old former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
11:30 a.m.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not.
They say his request for more time was denied.
Prosecutors haven't immediately commented.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. Dozens more women have accused him of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
The 66-year-old former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
The Gilford Community Hall will be holding JAKESTOCK 2017 on Sunday September 3, 2017.
This annual end of season fundraiser has been held every Labour Day Sunday since 1989 and is celebrating its 28th year. Highlights of the day include a cross-section of live music from some great local bands as well as lots of children's activities including a bouncing castle, kids maze and face painting. This year we are pleased to welcome Mirene's food trailer to provide a wide variety of hot and cold food items. As always there are raffles as well as silent auction items for the adults too.
Bands scheduled to perform include; Bridget Gowan, Dickie & The Boys, Screaming Charlie, Cousin Jack, Cardinal Street and Midlife Crisis. Live music will run from 3:00pm until 11pm.
The event is open to all members of the hall. Active membership is available to all residents of the Gilford area and Honorary membership is granted to anyone else who supports the objects of the hall. One-year hall memberships are available in advance for just $25 for a family of four at Mirene's Chip Truck on IBR or through board members of the hall (gilfordhall@yahoo.ca). Tickets are also available at the gate for $15 per person or $30 for a family of four plus any donation over $25 can receive a tax receipt if desired. Gates are open at noon and we will run until 11pm rain or shine, bring a lawn chair and small personal coolers are permitted.
The Gilford Community Hall is a not for profit business that dates back to the 1800's and is one of the last community owned venues and is run by a dedicated volunteer board to insure the hall is well cared for and open to all residents. As we receive no subsidies or tax breaks we rely on memberships, rentals and donations to ensure all bills are paid. Having been rebuilt after a fire in 1925 the hall doesn't necessarily qualify as a historical landmark but is a great rustic local hall which continues to be an economical location for country weddings, stags, showers, kid's parties and even fitness classes.
The show won't go on.
That's the message from Lady Gaga, who announced early Saturday morning the cancellation of the last 10 dates of the European leg of her "Joanne World Tour" due to "severe pain" from the chronic pain disorder fibromyalgia.
"I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it," Lady Gaga, 31, said in a statement posted to her social media accounts. "All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music. My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home. We're cancelling the last 10 shows of my Joanne World Tour."
ANGELA WEISS/AFP/Getty Images
Lady Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, added, "I love the show more than anything and I love you but this is beyond my control. London, Manchester, Zurich, Kiln, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris, Berlin. And Rio. I promise I will be back in your city, but for now, I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you, forever. XX Gaga."
The singer's tour, which kicked off in Vancouver last August, was slated to end on Feb. 23 in Berlin.
Matt Sayles/Invision/AP
Live Nation said in a statement, "Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform live. As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of her Joanne World Tour."
The statement further explained, "Last night, with strong support from her medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road. She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that she cannot perform for her European fans, who have waited so patiently. ?She is in the care of expert medical professionals who are working closely with her so she can continue to perform for her fans for years to come."
Lady Gaga first revealed in 2016 that she was living with fibromyalgia.
360Fresh: TMXO x Dapo Tuburna – Recognize
Nigeria Today
Nigerian Producer/DJ, TMXO teams up with Tinny Entertainment's new wave, Dapo Tuburna to create a dope afro tune titled “RECOGNIZE“. With TMXO's genius on the production, Dapo Tuburna serves us exciting lyrics and melodies… “…Turn any girl into a …
and more »
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — Even in surrender, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is going out fighting.
When he steps down Friday, the former Navy SEAL officer will be conceding political defeat amid allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign violations while still defiantly asserting that he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
He's even hinted at a possible political comeback, declaring during his resignation announcement Tuesday that “this is not the end of our fight.” But political analysts say the man who had aspirations of becoming president could find a political revival challenging, especially in a #MeToo environment where he would be vulnerable to attack for allegedly taking a compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
Greitens' resignation comes just two weeks after a speech in which he recalled his grueling SEAL training and asserted he would never stop fighting. But his departure was days in the making, as Greitens wrestled with mounting legal bills and the emotional pressures of defending against possible impeachment and a criminal trial.
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dismissed a felony charge accusing Greitens of tampering with computer data for providing his political fundraiser with the donor list of a veterans' charity he founded. The dropped charge was the result of a deal proposed Saturday by Greitens' defence attorneys offering his resignation in exchange, said Gardner spokeswoman Susan Ryan.
The governor on Saturday also called Republican consultant Jeff Roe, who headed Greitens' aggressive public relations campaign, to inform Roe that he had decided to resign. Greitens' legal bills had grown to a couple of million dollars, and his campaign staffers also were facing legal bills because of subpoenas from a House investigation.
Though Greitens had believed he could beat both a criminal charge and impeachment, “he couldn't see the end without an immense financial and personal price to pay,” Roe told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
Even though he's quitting amid scandal, some Greitens voters said they still like him. Retiree Wilma Nelson said she would be open to voting for Greitens again if he sought to re-enter politics.
“I can't fault him for giving up. So much money, so much stress, such strain on his young family. You can't deal with such hate,” said Nelson, of Platte City.
Political science professor Jeremy Walling, of Southeast Missouri State University, said Greitens' pledge to keep fighting seemed to be “some face-saving.”
Walling said several factors would make a political revival tougher for Greitens than for other scandal-plagued politicians. He said Greitens lacks deep support among Missouri's Republican power brokers, and his acknowledged extramarital affair included claims of sexual misconduct. The allegations also extended to political fundraising violations.
“I think a comeback is going to be kind of difficult for this guy,” Walling said.
Gardner, the St. Louis prosecutor, said her decision to drop the data-tampering charge against Greitens was no indication that she believed he was innocent.
“I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state,” said Gardner, a Democrat.
Had the governor been convicted, Gardner said, it was unlikely that he would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge he faced and the fact that he would be a first-time offender.
Jim Martin, an attorney for Greitens, acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in her office from civil liability.
Former Missouri Supreme Court Chief Justice Michael Wolff said the agreement between Greitens' attorneys and Gardner's office is highly unusual because it protects Gardner and her staff from being sued for their actions and because Greitens did not have to plead guilty to any lesser charge.
“Here's a guy who gets to get out of a felony charge just by agreeing to quit his job,” Wolff said. “Most people don't get this deal.”
Jean Paul Bradshaw II, a former U.S. attorney for western Missouri, said the agreement to drop the case represents a “fair resolution” because Greitens' resignation accomplished “the greatest public benefit” possible.
The governor also was indicted on an invasion-of-privacy charge in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking the photo of the woman who had been his hairdresser during their affair in 2015, before he was elected. That charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
Martin said he expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but he offered no details.
“I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal,” Martin said.
Though Greitens had apparently decided to resign days earlier, he began the week as though he would continue his fight. On Monday, he spoke with attorney Catherine Hanaway about her legal defence of Greitens' campaign, which already had turned over thousands of documents to a House investigatory committee.
On Tuesday morning, a Cole County judge ordered the campaign and a pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri to comply with a House subpoena seeking more records about potential co-ordination between the non-profit organization, Greitens and his campaign. The judge said the names of any donors to A New Missouri could be redacted.
House Speaker Todd Richardson said Wednesday that he didn't know whether the House still has the power or desire to enforce the subpoena now that Greitens is resigning.
Hanaway described the judicial ruling as “pretty innocuous,” adding that she did not think the order “had any effect on the decision” to resign.
Roe said Greitens had been prepared for a two-stage fight. He was first focused on the invasion-of-privacy charge, which was dropped during jury selection. Greitens had hoped to be acquitted, which Roe said would have allowed him to mount a full defence against the potential House impeachment proceedings. But the spectre of those charges being refiled hampered what Greitens could say and do on both fronts, Roe said.
Roe also said it appeared likely that the House would vote to impeach Greitens, a step that would have prolonged his fight for several more months until a trial could be held on whether to remove him from office.
“The human and financial toll was too great,” Roe said. “And it was going to go on for too long.”
——
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Blake Nelson in Jefferson City and John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, contributed to this report.
A Brazilian nursery school guard burned six small children and a teacher to death after spraying them with alcohol and setting them alight on Thursday in an attack which has horrified the nation, said emergency services.
Dozens of people were also hurt in the blaze while the guard, who was reported to be mentally ill, died after succumbing to his own burn injuries.
The tragedy occurred in a modest quarter of Janauba, a city of 70,000 about 600km (370 miles) north of Belo Horizonte.
The nursery school was called "Innocent People."
View photos A victim of the fire is admitted to hospital in Monte Claros Credit: O Tempo via AFP More
The initial death toll of four rose to six when two badly burned children died, according to news reports which quoted fire officials.
Janauba's mayor decreed seven days of mourning.
About 50 people were hospitalised with injuries, said Bruno Ataide Santos, director of the local hospital.
Hours later, 10 people remained hospitalised in serious condition.
The guard, identified as 50-year-old Damiao Soares dos Santos, was taken to hospital, suffering from burns, and later died, Mr Santos told AFP.
View photos Damiao Soares, the security guard alleged to have set fire to the children in the nursery in Brazil Credit: Caters News Agency More
About 80 children were in the nursery school when the attack occurred, prompting terrified parents to rush to the school, where they found one classroom reduced to ashes.
"As the creche is near our house we heard noise and rushed over," Nelson de Jesus Silva, the father of one victim, told Globonews TV.
"My little girl was so good, so smart," he said of his dead daughter Ana Clara Ferreira.
Grief also struck Jane Kelly, the mother of Juan Miguel Soares.
View photos About 80 children were in the nursery school when the attack occurred Credit: AFP More
"I was thinking of changing nursery schools because we are preparing to move. I woke him up early to bring him here and when I saw him again he was dead in the hospital," Kelly said between sobs.
The dead children were aged four, the G1 news site reported.
Police visited the home of the suspect and his family members to try to determine a motive.
But police superintendent Renato Nunes told the website of the Hoje em Dia newspaper that the guard had had mental health problems since 2014.
The guard had worked nights for at least eight years at the nursery school, where he was not directly in contact with the children.
View photos People wait for news outside Janauba's hospital Credit: AFP More
Janauba's mayor Carlos Isaildon Mendes said an even greater tragedy was narrowly averted.
"This could have been worse because the babies' room was in the hall next door. Evacuation would have been more difficult. As the children were bigger a lot of them were able to escape," the mayor explained.
Police searched the guard's home and found many jugs of alcohol. He reportedly told his family this week - which includes the anniversary of the death of his father - that he was going to give a "gift" to them and that he would die.
Brazil's president Michel Temer expressed his condolences on Twitter.
"I am deeply saddened by this tragedy involving children in Janauba, and I want to express my solidarity with the families," Mr Temer wrote.
As the father of a school-age child, Mr Temer said he understood "this must be an extremely painful loss" for the parents.
“Ask Brianna” is a column from NerdWallet for 20-somethings or anyone else starting out. I'm here to help you manage your money, find a job and pay off student loans — all the real-world stuff no one taught us how to do in college. Send your questions about postgrad life to askbrianna@nerdwallet.com.
Ask 10 people for their definition of “adulthood” and you'll get 10 different answers. Maybe it's getting that first full-time job, buying a house or doing taxes without help — concrete moments that signal maturity and independence.
But financial adulthood, or managing money responsibly, isn't tied to an age or a milestone like starting your first “real job.” I knew I was a financial adult when I paid for a plane ticket with money I had saved in a “Fun Stuff” account. I've never been more excited to Venmo someone (my sister, who booked our tickets) directly from my bank rather than rely on my credit card.
You're a financial adult when you save regularly, spend mindfully, face reality and know when to ask for help. If you're graduating from college this spring, build these habits now.
SAVE PROACTIVELY
Saving even a little bit every month is the single most adult financial move you can make.
Money is a way to get what you want: security and freedom. When you save a portion of the income left over after covering your fixed expenses, you're preparing proactively for the future.
If the idea of sending this money to an “emergency fund” makes you completely tune out, just think of it as cash that's there when you need it. You'll be covered if you lose a job, but you'll also have options if you decide to make a lifestyle change, like moving to a new place.
SPEND THOUGHTFULLY
Getting a full-time job with a $50,000 salary after being a college student who ate pizza four times a week can be a shock. But hit the pause button before you make a big purchase, says Therese Nicklas, a certified financial planner in Rockland, Massachusetts. Make sure it will truly bring you joy, and that spending isn't a way to get your mind off something else or compete with friends.
Take a look at your take-home salary and follow the 50/30/20 rule. That's half your pay for necessities like shelter, 20 per cent for saving and debt payoff, and 30 per cent for your wants. The adult part? Giving up your wants if your necessities or debts demand it.
“You can have all the things you want, just not all at the same time,” says Kailie Abascal, a certified financial planner in Vancouver, Washington.
NEVER FLINCH FROM REALITY
Financial adults don't cower at the sight of their bank account balance, even if it's smaller than they'd like. Frankly assessing your personal financial picture will make it easier to manage.
If you have student loans, figure out what you'll have to pay toward them after graduation. Use a student loan calculator to see your monthly payment, and budget around that. Create an online account with your student loan servicer and look up your interest rates. Know that if you put your payments on hold — to go to grad school, or if you're unemployed — interest will accrue and your balance will grow, unless you have subsidized federal loans.
If you save for retirement in an employer-sponsored account, find out the vesting schedule, or the amount of time you must work there before any money your employer contributes becomes yours, Abascal says. You'll have a clearer understanding of how much you've really saved if you end up leaving after a year or two.
KNOW WHEN TO ASK FOR HELP
No one expects you to figure everything out right now. Your income, expenses and goals will change many times in your life.
But you should feel empowered to get advice, from the right sources, when you need it. Even your parents may not be the best resource if, for instance, you earn more than they do and they haven't had experience handling the salary you're getting, Nicklas says.
Have the courage to talk to human resources at work if you don't understand your 401(k) investment options. Consider asking a certified financial planner for a free 30-minute consultation so you can set personalized saving and spending goals. There are few things more adult than admitting what you don't know without judging yourself for it.
——————————————————
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet. Brianna McGurran is a writer at NerdWallet. Email: bmcgurran @briannamcscribe.
RELATED LINKS
Nerdwallet: Student loan calculator
https://nerd.me/calculate-student-loans
Autism Model School in Toledo turned 20 this year, and the community wants to celebrate.
It was founded in 1998 by a group of parents of children with autism.
The school is hosting a series of special events this week, including a ceremony recognizing a number of people involved with the school over the years.
"We would not exist without just a huge team of people coming together to make an innovative program for our students in our area," said Luke Reed, Autism Model School Development Director.
Families said that the school has met a pressing need in our community.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what Im doing. Rest assured, Im here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!
President Donald Trump said Monday that "racism is evil" as he condemned the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs." (Source: Pool/CNN)
(Shelby Lum/Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP). Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist...
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on President Donald Trump and the weekend's violence and death in Charlottesville, Virginia (all times EDT):
6:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is criticizing media coverage of his response to the racially charged violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, this weekend, saying the "Fake News Media will never be satisfied."
Trump's initial failure Saturday to denounce white supremacist groups by name - instead he bemoaned violence on "many sides" - prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats.
On Monday, the president delivered a more forceful prepared statement that described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as "criminals and thugs."
A few hours after that statement, Trump is on Twitter challenging his critics.
The president writes: "Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied ... truly bad people!"
___
12:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is saying that "racism is evil" as he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
He is speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for his comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name.
___
11 a.m.
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as he walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. He did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether he condemns white supremacists and whether he condemns the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said "many sides" are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
___
9:20 a.m.
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier "will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured. He said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Trump responded to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on "many sides." He has not explicitly condemned the white supremacists.
___
9:15 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC's "Good Morning America" that the death of a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute."
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case "in every way."
He added: "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Sessions also says he is meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
7:00 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, related to the removal of a Confederate monument.
In several television interviews on Monday, Sessions said Trump had "explicitly condemned" violence and that "he totally opposes" the values espoused by white supremacy organizations. Trump referenced violence "on many sides."
He tells NBC News that Trump " will be speaking to the people today" although he isn't sure what Trump will say. Sessions added: "He's been firm on this from the beginning. He is appalled by this."
___
3:44 a.m.
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for him to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at his New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But he will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for his initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which he blamed bigotry on "many sides."
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Portugal: 4 persons confirmed dead in Air crash
Four people aboard a Swiss-registered light aircraft died when it crashed into a supermarket warehouse in the Lisbon suburbs on Monday, investigators said. “There are four dead, the pilot and his three passengers,” a spokesman for Portugal's Office of Prevention and Investigation of Aeronautical Accidents told AFP, saying further details about the incident and the fatalities …
The post Portugal: 4 persons confirmed dead in Air crash appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Now that Memorial Day is behind us, many Northwest Ohio families are looking ahead to berry picking season.
But is the excessive heat hurting local berry crops?
Locally, some strawberry crops may be coming in a little later than usual, as some farmers waited to plant until the lingering cold of winter finally went away.
However, in Sandsuky County, Polter's Berry Farm has had strawberries available for a while.
The worry is the heat, as workers not only have to deal with the high temperatures, but the hot air could also impact the quality of the berry.
Steve Polter of Polter's Berry Farm said that the optimal temperature for this time of year is in the mid 70's, not a week of 80's and 90's.
For berries being picked now, it means harder work to keep the berry whole, while berries that are still green, it means they could be a little smaller than usual.
"With the berries we're picking, it's kind of making them a little bit softer, and it's going to lead, probably, to smaller fruit down the line. The strawberries need cooler temps to size up," Polter said.
Steve said that at Polter's Berry Farm, their "U-pick" strawberry season will begin in about 10 - 14 days.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
By Chris Michaud
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fired White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci described President Donald Trump as a "compassionate person" on Monday but said he should have condemned neo-Nazis in his initial statement about the violence in Virginia.
Scaramucci fielded more boos than cheers when he "went into the lion's den", by his own account, by appearing for a chat with liberal late night talk show host Stephen Colbert.
In one of his first public appearances since being fired by Trump after just 10 days in the job following a lewd telephone interview with The New Yorker magazine, Scaramucci punted questions about Trump's culpability for not condemning neo-Nazis and white supremacists following a deadly rally on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Colbert, host of the CBS talk show "The Late Show With Stephen Colbert," pointed out that the president's more forthright condemnation of white nationalists on Monday came "two days later," asking: "Does he order his spine on (shopping web site) Amazon Prime?"
"Only he really can answer that question," replied Scaramucci.
The former White House official insisted Trump was a compassionate person, a contention that drew booing from the studio audience, which led Colbert to implore, "Don't boo him for being the messenger."
But Scaramucci took issue with the administration's failure to condemn extremist views such as white supremacy, saying "What I don't like is the toleration of it."
That remark elicited cheers.
When Scaramucci, who has said he remains a firm Trump supporter, said that Trump "should have condemned white supremacy and neo-Nazis" earlier, Colbert asked "who stopped him?"
"At the end of the day, it's the president himself," he replied.
Scaramucci's July 31 ouster followed comments he made to The New Yorker which included a profanity-laced attack against then-White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and Trump's chief strategist, Steve Bannon.
Of Bannon, he told Colbert, “If it was up to me, he would be gone," adding that he thought Bannon was behind many of the leaks coming out of the White House.
As to his short-lived tenure, Scaramucci reflected: "I didn't think I'd last too long, but I thought I'd last longer than a carton of milk."
After the taping, Scaramucci posted on Twitter that he "went into the lion's den" but only "came out with a few scratches" and was "still standing," adding, "I appreciated the (opportunity)."
He told Colbert he would recommend that Trump do the show, saying: "I think it's been great."
(Editing by Chris Michaud)
MoviePass, the popular (with users, if not Wall Street) discount ticketing subscription service, announced Wednesday that it's entering the film production business in a big way.
MoviePass' parent company, Helios and Matheson Analytics, has gone into a 51/49 percent partnership with Beverly Hills-based production company Emmett Furla Oasis Films to form MoviePass Films LLC. The new endeavor will focus on making studio-driven content and new films for theatrical and other distribution channels, according to a Helios press release.
“Ever since we co-acquired our first film with MoviePass Ventures, ‘American Animals,' which is set for release June 1, we've been looking for an opportunity to acquire and produce studio content on a larger scale and prove the power of the MoviePass service in the process,” Helios chairman and CEO Ted Farnsworth, who will also serve as MoviePass Films' chairman of the board, stated. “We believe we've found that opportunity with Emmett Furla Oasis Films.”
EFO executives Randall Emmett and George Furla will be co-CEOs of MoviePass Films.
“To do a deal with Helios and MoviePass is epic for us,” Emmett said in the press release. “The MoviePass subscription service has totally disrupted the movie industry, for the better. When we worked with MoviePass Ventures on the movie “Gotti,” starring John Travolta, which premiered at Cannes and is set for release this coming June 15 – I immediately saw how revolutionary the MoviePass service is. I have never seen any player in our industry move so quickly and gain such a large following in such a short period of time. What impresses me the most is that MoviePass can guarantee box office attendance, which is a game changer. I don't believe anybody else can do that.”
RELATED STORY: MoviePass has ‘struck a nerve' with SoCal moviegoers, but with falling stock numbers can it last?
Since acquiring MoviePass last summer, Helios has seen its stock prices fluctuate wildly as financial analysts applauded the subscription service's rapid expansion to nearly 3 million customers but questioned the sustainability of its business model, which changes on a regular basis but is grounded in a one-ticket-per-day plan for just under $10 a month at the moment. Subscribers can theoretically see 30 or 31 films each month for the price, in many places, of less than one admission; MoviePass then pays the theater full price for each ticket.
RELATED STORY: What's going on inside those big Hollywood sound stages? A lot, according to FilmL.A.
Earlier this month, when asked about jumping into the historically risky business of producing and distributing films with “American Animals,” MoviePass CEO Mitch Lowe explained, “It's actually not that dicey for us. Some of these films can be promoted with exclusive events for our subscribers – meet the filmmakers, get advanced screenings of them, contests. And because we can guarantee getting the seats filled, we enhance the value of the product and, by owning part of it, we earn more money downstream.”
RELATED STORY: A new Hollywood soundstage just got the green light to break ground in Sun Valley
Wednesday's deal also gives Helios an exclusive option to acquire EFO's 80-film library (titles include the Mark Wahlberg military hit “Lone Survivor,” Sylvester Stallone's last “Rambo” picture and the 2005 remake of “The Amityville Horror”) and upcoming titles starring Stallone, as well as Martin Scorsese's epic crime saga “The Irishman,” although that's being made for Netflix, which hasn't traditionally done much in the way of theatrical releases.
EPA May Crack Down on Wood Stoves in Alaska
New Year's Eve was cold and rainy here in Phoenix. It would have been nice to have a fire in the fireplace without worrying about a fine. But no; the enviro-authorities decreed it to be yet another “no-burn day.” I shouldn't complain though. It's much worse in Alaska:
“It's all one thing — when you most need the heat is when you're most apt to create a serious air pollution problem for yourself and the people in your community,” said Tim Hamlin, the director of the office of air and waste at the E.P.A.'s Region 10, which includes Alaska. … Civil fines by Fairbanks North Star Borough — which includes the cities of Fairbanks and North Pole, with a total population of about 100,000 — could be assessed in coming days against residential polluters. The E.P.A. could declare the entire area to be in “serious” noncompliance of the Clean Air Act early next year, with potentially huge economic implications, including a cutoff of federal transportation funds.
Many Alaskans rely on wood-burning stoves, which left-wing bureaucrats regard as offensive to environment.
Natural gas, a much cleaner fuel source, is not widely available in this part of Alaska, and heating oil can be very expensive. Oil also produces particulate pollution, though less than wood. A study for the borough last year said residents here spent, on average, almost four times the national average in annual heating costs.
Soon they may be paying fines on top of it — unless they opt to freeze.
A few weeks ago, it got down to −37°F in Fairbanks. The high for the day was −27°F. But never mind keeping warm. According to liberal theory, global warming will see to that. The important thing is to comply with the dictates of the regulatory bureaucracy.
Offensive smoke produced outside Fairbanks.
On tips from Steve A and Dan F. Cross-posted at Moonbattery.
DETROIT — Shohei Ohtani was rolling along for five innings against the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday night. However, thanks to two rain delays, that's all the Los Angeles Angels got from their young star.
With Ohtani out of the game, Jose Iglesias' two-run single keyed a five-run sixth inning and the Tigers went on to a 6-1 victory.
Ohtani, starting for the first time since May 20th, allowed one run and three hits in five innings. He walked three and struck out five while throwing 83 pitches, including a 101-mph fastball on his final pitch.
“I was ready to go back out there (after the second delay), but the medical staff said it wasn't a good idea,” he said through a translator. “This is my first time experiencing something like this, so I had to listen.”
Ohtani gave up a run in the first inning on two walks and a two-out single, and settled down after that.
“It might have been the humidity — I was sweating, so I thought I was ready, but I guess not,” he said. “I saw 91 on the board, and I knew something was wrong. I haven't thrown a 91 (mph) fastball since high school.”
Detroit's Nicholas Castellanos went 2 for 3 with two doubles against Ohtani, but was still impressed.
“He's got a powerful arm and good stuff,” he said. “He was already throwing hard, but he hit 101 to Jeimar (Candelario) in a big spot in the fifth. Not a lot of guys can do that.”
Tigers starter Mike Fiers was also knocked out by the second rain delay in the top of the sixth, allowing one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1. Dixon Machado grounded to short, but Andrelton Simmons' throw to the plate was too late to get JaCoby Jones.
Leonys Martin and Castellanos followed with RBI singles off Jim Johnson to push the lead to 6-1.
“This is a big win for us, because we've won two out of three against a really good team,” Castellanos said. “Now we can go for the series win tomorrow.”
Iglesias sustained a hip contusion while sliding home, and sat out the final three innings.
“I just banged — I don't think it will be serious,” he said.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
Ohtani walked Martin and Victor Martinez in the first before allowing Niko Goodrum's two-out RBI single.
“I don't know if it was rust, I think he was just getting into a rhythm,” Angels manager Mike Scioscia said. “He's had some games this year like that, where he's getting a feel for his pitches early on.”
The Angels tied it in the third when Albert Pujols' two-out single drove in Mike Trout.
Ohtani, who was throwing 91-mph fastballs in the first inning, hit 98 on his final pitch of the third to retire Victor Martinez on a soft liner to shortstop.
“That's a very talented young man,” Tigers manager Ron Gardenhire said. “He was throwing 90, 91 and then he reached back for 98 when he needed it.”
The game was delayed for 23 minutes by rain at the end of the fourth inning, but both starters stayed in the game.
Ohtani walked Martin with two out in the fifth and allowed a double to Castellanos before getting Candelario to ground out on a 101-mph fastball.
The game was delayed again by rain in the top of the sixth, this time for 41 minutes. Coleman replaced Fiers to get the last strike of the sixth, and Bedrosian came in for Ohtani.
GOOSE HUNT
A Canada Goose settled into right-centre field during the second rain delay, and an attempt to remove it ended in chaos. After the grounds crew set off two firecrackers and another member gave chase, the bird tried to escape, but crashed into an LED board on the facade of the third deck and fell two levels into the stands.
After several moments, a veterinarian who was attending the game wrapped the stunned goose in a blanket and took it to the concourse, where it was released outside the stadium and dashed into nearby bushes.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Angels: Zack Cozart (forearm tightness) was a late scratch from the Angels' lineup. . Scioscia said he would talk to Ohtani Thursday morning to decide on his availability to hit in the series finale.
Tigers: Detroit put LHPs Francisco Liriano (right hamstring strain) and Daniel Stumpf (ulnar nerve irritation) on the 10-day DL before the game. Liriano's move is retroactive to Sunday, Stumpf's to Tuesday. The Tigers recalled RHP Johnny Barbato and LHP Ryan Carpenter from Triple-A Toledo. … The Tigers sent Greiner to Toledo after the game and selected the contract of INF Ronny Rodriguez.
UP NEXT
Carpenter (0-1) starts for the Tigers on Thursday against Angels LHP Andrew Heaney (2-3) in the finale of the four-game series.
STOAN: Reduction of Import Duty on Vehicles Will Stop Smuggling
By Eromosele Abiodun
The Seaport Terminal Operators Association of Nigeria (STAON) has said that government's move to stop smuggling of vehicles into the country by banning importation through land borders will not yield desired result if not complemented with a corresponding reduction in customs duty.
STOAN Spokesman, Mr. Bolaji Akinola disclosed this in a statement in Lagos.
Speaking against the backdrop of the new Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) scheme announced this week by the federal government, Akinola said: “The rate of smuggling in Nigeria especially of vehicles is alarmingly high. This is essentially due to the high and prohibitive import duty on vehicle which is more than twice what obtains in other countries in the sub-region.
“While the VIN scheme sounds like a good idea, it may not do much to check smuggling. The main antidote to smuggling is the reduction on Customs duty on vehicles to bring it to the level obtainable in other West African countries. The duty should not be more than 10 per cent. Why exactly are people landing their vehicles in the ports of neighbouring countries and smuggle into Nigeria? It is to avoid the high Customs duties at the port,” he said.
Akinola said it is difficult to check smuggling through the land borders because of the preponderance of illegal entry roués into the country.
He said: “There are more than 1,600 illegal entry routes into Nigeria. The borders are porous. It will be difficult for any agency of government to effectively patrol and check the influx of goods and persons through those porous entry points. There is a need to mount barriers and build strong high walls or electric fences at most of those entry points. Most importantly, government must deploy technology to secure our borders.”
He argued that the high rate of import duty on vehicle has shot up the prices of vehicles beyond the reach of many Nigerians as “the prices of vehicles have doubled over the past 18 months”.
“This is due to the high Customs duty, which is 35 per cent plus an additional surcharge of 35 per cent bringing the total government tariff to 70 per cent. This is way too high and when you place it side by side the high rate of foreign exchange, you see why Nigerians are paying more to acquire cars. The ban on importation through land borders is not enough to check smuggling and bring down the prices. Only a reduction on Customs duty will achieve that,” he added.
The STOAN Spokesman also said that there are too many government agencies operating at the port. This, he said, is contributing to the high cost of doing business at the port.
“The high cost of doing business at the port, which many allude to, is not because of high charges by operators but due to high Customs tariff and multiple chaecks by government agencies.
“Reduce Customs duty, reduce the huge crowd of government agencies operating at the port and automate the Customs clearing process, which is way too manual and regressive. Someone described the Customs clearing process as archaic and way too expensive. There are multiple checks within and outside the port, which must be tackled by government. Former Finance Minister Mrs. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala ejected the agencies a few years ago but they are all back in their multitude,” he said.
Akinola added that Nigerian ports have ample capacity to handle both import and export and to support the federal government's revenue diversification drive.
“There is ample capacity at the port. Most terminals are operating at less than half their capacities. Our ports were boisterous until the Jonathan administration enacted some policies that chased shippers away. This government will etch its name in gold by reversing those ill-advised policies so as to bring back activities and jobs to the ports,” he added.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
University of Sheffield AMRC Castings unveil the largest ceramic shell titanium casting created in Europe
The Castings Group of the University of Sheffield's Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) has unveiled the largest ceramic shell titanium casting ever created from a single pour in Europe.
The casting is a milestone test piece and will become a showcase for development of the AMRC's titanium casting facility which became operational earlier this year.
The large-scale, near net shape casting is an industrial centrifugal pump housing, used for highly corrosive applications in the chemical and petrochemical sectors. It was poured from a 680kg melt with a 200kg finished part weight.
AMRC Castings' General Manager, Richard Cook, said: “This test piece is a significant step forward for us and the UK as a whole. We are the UK's only titanium melting facility and this achievement, sends a clear signal that the country is open for business for large-scale titanium casting.”
“Global capacity for titanium castings, particularly of this size, is scarce – indeed it has actually decreased in recent years, despite growing demand. There is a clear need for this kind of capability and our research and development will underpin the ability for the UK to remain competitive in a global market.”
AMRC Castings is now working towards its goal of pouring over 1000kg of titanium for a 500kg part-weight centrispun casting by May 2018, testing the boundaries and limits of their Retech consumable electrode castings furnace.
The furnace has three interchangeable crucibles capable of melting titanium for castings weighing up to 500kg and 2000mm in diameter by 2500mm in length.
The group is already dealing with enquiries from companies wanting to exploit the technology and are currently conducting paper studies and piloting the first research projects.
Principal Metallurgist, Matt Cawood, said: “The AMRC are currently engaged in several projects looking to improve capability and technology to enable more complex, higher integrity components to be designed for manufacture with improved metallurgical quality and increased dimensional accuracy.”
“Having the ability to pour large-scale castings as part of a research and development activity combined with the surrounding facility of industry-scale equipment and technical expertise is a unique offering that is drawing in many of the world's largest users of titanium castings to work with us.”
Additional information About the University of Sheffield's AMRC
The University of Sheffield Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) is a world-class centre for research into advanced manufacturing technologies used in the aerospace, automotive, medical and other high-value manufacturing sectors. The AMRC has a global reputation for helping companies overcome manufacturing problems and is a model for collaborative research involving universities, academics and industry worldwide. Combining state of the art technologies with the AMRC's expertise in design and prototyping, machining, casting, welding, additive manufacturing, composites and structural testing, has created a manufacturing resource far beyond anything previously available in the UK. The AMRC Factory 2050 is the UK's first fully reconfigurable assembly and component manufacturing facility for collaborative research, capable of rapidly switching production between different high-value components and one-off parts. The AMRC is a member of the High Value Manufacturing Catapult, a consortium of leading manufacturing and process research centres, backed by the UK's innovation agency, Innovate UK. The University of Sheffield
With almost 29,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities. A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in. Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2017 and was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education in 2014. In the last decade it has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life. Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The new Urban Xchange bar in the centre of Croydon might remind you of somewhere else in town.
For the bar, which is next door to the Business Xchange Hub, in Lansdowne Road, has been vibrantly decorated by the same artists behind the brightly painted steps in Surrey Street market.
Brighton-based graphic artists Art + Believe have put their stamp right through the bar, which opened on December 1.
Vibrant patterns adorn the walls, ceiling, bar and even the tables.
Urban Xchange manager Nicky Jones explained: “We wanted to produce something unique, something that is different.
“Instead of going into London we have got something really unique here.”
You don't have to work at The Business Xchange Hub to be allowed into the bar as it is open to everyone.
(Image: Louise Gough)
The team behind Urban Xchange want to showcase local talent and they are planning evenings not just of music, but also comedy, poetry and spoken word.
The venue will be hosting its first evening of live entertainment tomorrow (Saturday, February 3) where there will be a performance by acoustic musician Duncan Ewart, followed by a DJ playing funk and rare groove.
Urban Xchange has a happy hour from 4 to 7pm Monday to Friday on draught beers, wines and spirits.
On its drinks menu it serves craft beers and is creating a range of cocktails.
You can also enjoy a tea or coffee if you wish.
Food is available at lunch and dinner when you can buy dishes such as sharing platters and grilled options.
(Image: David Cook)
Nicky envisages the bar becoming a cultural hub with a relaxing and inviting atmosphere.
She said: “I would like [customers] to feel warmly welcome and relaxed.
“We are trying to project a venue where they feel comfortable to stay for lunch and maybe music later, or whatever we have got on.”
(Image: Louise Gough)
She added: “We are very, very excited because we would like to create something nice, something long-lasting for the future.
“Everybody is trained well and they are looking forward and excited to creating something unique.”
The Business Xchange Hub provides businesses with office space ranging from hot-desks and pods to meeting rooms.
It has a coffee shop as well as the Urban Xchange bar under its umbrella.
Users of The Business Xchange Hub can also access a gym and a hotel.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and C.Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), N.Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), B.Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel, McHugh (6) and Stassi; L.Severino, Robertson (8), Chapman (9) and Romine. W_L.Severino 8-1. L_Keuchel 3-7. Sv_Chapman (12). HRs_Houston, Stassi (5).
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer, Doolittle (9) and P.Severino; Hess, Castro (7), Hart (8), Wright Jr. (9) and Sisco. W_Scherzer 9-1. L_Hess 2-2. Sv_Doolittle (13). HRs_Washington, Harper (18).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks, Rosario (6), Mazzoni (7), Wilson (7) and Contreras; Musgrove, Crick (8), F.Vazquez (9) and Cervelli. W_Musgrove 2-0. L_Hendricks 4-4. Sv_F.Vazquez (10). HRs_Pittsburgh, Harrison (2).
Now, Trump being probed for possible obstruction of justice
Report indicates special counsel Mueller to probe Trump on possible obstruction of justice
Washington, United States | AFP | The special counsel overseeing the probe into Russia's alleged meddling in the US election is looking at whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday, citing unnamed officials.
In a pivotal shift in the investigation that has riveted Americans like no other in decades, senior intelligence officials have agreed to be interviewed by investigators working for the special counsel, Robert Mueller, the Post said.
It quoted five people briefed on the requests and said those who have agreed to be interviewed are Daniel Coats, the director of national intelligence, Admiral Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, and his recently departed deputy, Richard Ledgett.
The interviews could come as early as this week, the Post said.
The newspaper's story was met with a furious reaction from Trump's personal lawyer and the Republican National Committee.
The shift toward investigating the US president began days after Trump fired James Comey as FBI director on May 9, the Post said.
The stated focus has been Russia's alleged efforts to tilt last November's presidential election Trump's way, and whether the winner's campaign was involved in any way.
Trump vehemently denies any collusion between himself or any of his associates and Russia.
Mueller, himself a widely respected former head of the FBI, has now taken up the angle of possible efforts by Trump to obstruct justice in the investigation, the Post said.
Quoting officials, the newspaper said one event of interest to Mueller is an exchange on March 22, when Coats told associates that Trump had asked him to intervene with Comey to get him to back off the focus on Trump's former national security advisor Mike Flynn as part of the FBI probe of the Russia affair.
A few days after the March 22 meeting, Trump spoke separately with Coats and Rogers and asked them to issue public statements to the effect that there was no evidence of coordination between his campaign and Russia. The Post said both men refused the president's request.
Trump's personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz issued a statement saying the FBI was behind the Post story and called the leak “outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.” The lawyer did not deny the story, however.
Mueller briefed Senators Wednesday on his work.
“I'm going to acknowledge we had a meeting with the special counsel Mueller, but I'm not going to get into the contents,” Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, told reporters later.
Republican National Committee chairwoman Ronna McDaniel called the accusation in the Post unfounded and said it “changes nothing.”
“There's still no evidence of obstruction, and current and former leaders in the intelligence community have repeatedly said there's been no effort to impede the investigation in any way. The continued illegal leaks are the only crime here,” McDaniel said in a statement.
The post Now, Trump being probed for possible obstruction of justice appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Adekunle Gold Wants To Perform At Coachella Next Year, And Nigerians Agree – Konbini
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Update: Melaye rearrested by police, faces trial ‘without delay'
The Nigerian Police said they would dock Senator Dino Melaye ‘without any delay', after re-arresting him from an Abuja hospital today.
Police confirmed an earlier report that Melaye , escaped from lawful custody earlier today when ‘miscreants and hoodlums' blocked a police vehicle conveying him to Lokoja to face trial.
According to Assistant commissioner of police, Jimoh Moshood, the “hoodlums and miscreants” in two Toyota Hilux vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About, Abuja.
“In the process the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination”.
Here is the police full statement
“At about 1200Hrs of today Sen. Dino Melaye while in lawful custody of the Nigeria Police Force and being taken for arraignment in Federal High Court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in Two Toyota Hilux Vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About, Abuja and in the process the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination.
“The Police team reinforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where he was re-arrested.
“The Senator would be arraigned in court without further delay.
“Meanwhile, one of the Toyota Hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the Senator has been recovered by the Police investigation team.
“The Inspector General of Police has therefore directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody.”
Gideon Ayodele, media adviser to Melaye justified Melaye's escape, saying the senator had resorted to ‘self-help', believing that the police were taking him to Lokoja to get him “assassinated by Governor Yahaya Bello.”
“Contrary to online reports about jumping out of a moving police vehicle. Nothing could be farther from the truth as such insinuation is practically impossible for a man saddled between gun-wielding policemen. Today's incident was a last resort by Senator Dino Melaye in order to foil attempt to kidnap him and kill him by agents of Kogi State governor in connivance with the Police”, Ayodele said.
“Earlier in the morning, Senator Dino Melaye as a law-abiding citizen voluntarily submitted himself to the operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) who had laid siege to his private residence since around 3.35pm of Monday, April 23, 2018. He, along with his lawyers and personal aides, was driven in his private car to the SARS office in Guzape district of Abuja, sandwiched among the numerous police vehicles earlier deployed to his house.
“For the avoidance of doubt, he had never evaded police invitation before now because there was none extended to him in the first place. Rather, what the Police FPRO, Mr. Jimoh Moshood, had been doing was to summon the Senator through media briefings, a practice which is unconventional. But given the media hype the whole saga had generated especially his unwarranted travails in the hands of Immigration officials at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja on Monday, April 23 and the attendant but dramatic police siege to his private residence thereafter, where family members and political associates were subjected to traumatic experience for hours, it became necessary for Senator Dino Melaye to end the drama, hence his choice of appearing before the police today.
“Later on they moved to take him to Lokoja in Kogi State. The public will vividly recall that this same case involving Senator Dino Melaye had already been transferred to Abuja by the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court after Senator Melaye expressed worry about his safety in Lokoja. Now, the question is why will they want to forcefully take him to Lokoja? The Senator believes they are doing the Kogi Governor's bidding in order to assassinate him.”
The post Update: Melaye rearrested by police, faces trial ‘without delay' appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Joe Hart insisted he ignored his critics after delivering a man-of-the-match performance as England qualified for the World Cup.
The West Ham goalkeeper had starred in a goalless draw at Slovenia last year and he was similarly influential in the return fixture as Harry Kane's goal secured a 1-0 win and a place at the finals in Russia.
After some shaky performances for club and country, Hart's form has come under the microscope but he claimed this display was not in response to any criticism, as he gives such matters little attention.
Asked about his critics, Hart told ITV: "You think I care about them? I'd have a big problem if I cared - apart from the guys in the dressing room. The team have always got my back and I have always got their back.
"We have qualified for a World Cup with one game to go. Regardless of personal achievements, I think it's important that we smile. England have qualified for a World Cup and that's a big deal."
Hart conceded that it was difficult for the England supporters at Wembley as the team misfired, but it could not detract from his delight at qualification.
"The guys were brilliant. We wore them down," he added. "It was difficult for the crowd - we appreciate them coming - but the game was difficult.
"To have Harry doing that in the last minute, and for Kyle [Walker] to whip it in for him, is a big feeling. I'm really happy."
WINNIPEG — Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister is raising the possibility of building provincial roads in partnership with the private sector.
Pallister told the Manitoba Chambers of Commerce that the so-called P-3 model is a great option for roads — better than for other projects such as schools.
Pallister later told reporters he is not considering toll highways, like in some other provinces, but thinks more private-sector involvement could lead to better value.
The premier said his government is continuing to keep a lid on spending as it works to balance the budget by 2024.
And with lower-than-expected deficit numbers lately, Pallister says he is hoping the province will see an upgrade in its credit rating from international bond rating agencies within two years.
The Progressive Conservative government recently looked at using a P-3 model for a handful of schools, but in the end opted to build them the traditional way to save time.
“Schools would have meant a delay, and that's the major factor,” Pallister said after his speech Tuesday.
“I don't think we have any (P-3 roads) in the mill right now that we're even debating. But I just wouldn't want it said that we were ruling out the possibility of them when eight other provinces have used P-3s.”
The structure of P-3 road deals vary across the country. Some, like Highway 407 near Toronto, see motorists pay a toll to the private company that operates the route. Others see governments pay for the work but give private companies control over design, building and maintenance for decades.
Pallister said he would look at non-toll examples such the Chief Peguis Trail extension in Winnipeg, which was built under a 30-year financing deal with a private firm.
Kevin Rebeck, president of the Manitoba Federation of Labour, said P-3 models can end up costing the public more in the long run and the financing can be complex and hard to judge.
“If they're not good for schools … what makes him think roads will be a better avenue for them?” Rebeck said.
“Clarity is something that's often lacking and Manitobans deserve to know what (the government) means by that.”
COSTA MESA, Calif. — For any NFL team with a star quarterback of a certain age, the draft is an annual chance to anoint a successor.
It's also a chance for fans, pundits and the rest of the league to spend several months enthusiastically discussing whether that team will make the move.
The Los Angeles Chargers have had the same starting quarterback in every game since 2006, and Philip Rivers will turn 37 years old in the fall.
Already one of the most prolific passers in NFL history, Rivers said last week he is nowhere near retirement and intends to play “a handful more years.”
That hasn't stopped the football world from wondering whether general manager Tom Telesco will decide that this is the year to grab his next quarterback when he makes the 17th overall pick on Thursday night.
After winning nine of their final 12 games and barely missing the playoffs last season, the Chargers have a solid roster with few obvious weak spots. The time could be right for a move toward the future behind centre, but Telesco isn't sure.
“That's a question we know we'll get every year until we draft a quarterback,” Telesco said Monday.
“The great thing right now is that we're very happy with Philip. He's our quarterback, hands down, rest assured, for this year and hopefully beyond. But we always have to have an eye on the future. That's part of our job. There are a lot of other areas on our football team that we'd like to add to, too. That's all part of it.”
Telesco realizes the questions are particularly sharp this spring not because of any decline in Rivers' play, which was largely outstanding last season, but because a handful of elite prospects could be available when the Chargers are on the clock.
Local product Josh Rosen and Heisman Trophy winners Lamar Jackson and Baker Mayfield all are conceivable possibilities for the Bolts, particularly if they elected to trade up a bit.
Telesco agrees the crop of quarterbacks in this draft is “a deep class, not only in the first round, but some other rounds as well. We've seen it the last couple of years. The quarterback classes have been pretty good. Guys are coming into the league and playing a little bit quicker than they used to.”
With Geno Smith and Cardale Jones on the roster behind Rivers, Telesco has the luxury of knowing he doesn't need to draft a quarterback. He'll decide soon whether the succession plan will wait another year.
Here are more things to contemplate before the Chargers make their picks:
TOUGH CHOICES
The Chargers' prolonged surge into playoff contention last season left them squarely in the middle of the pack for the draft. Telesco would have rather been in the post-season than the 17th overall slot, but his scouts and executives believe they can get a worthy talent with their current position.
“You typically have about 18 to 20 first-round-graded players, give or take a couple,” Telesco said. “If we don't trade out, we'll still get someone who we feel is a first-round player on our board. It's just more scenarios you have to work through.”
BACK ON D
Telesco's team has plenty of desires, but no gaping needs that would compel them to value position over talent. Telesco said he will stick to his philosophy of picking the top available player, but he sees “more defence” among the desirable picks in this particular draft pool.
If that's a clue to the Chargers' intentions, they have plenty of needs, including a topflight safety to replace Tre Boston or a starting linebacker to help out Denzel Perryman.
While Los Angeles has one of the NFL's best pass-rushing duos with Joey Bosa and Melvin Ingram, another defensive tackle such as Vita Vea or Da'Ron Payne would bolster a sometimes porous run defence.
RUN IT BACK
Telesco acknowledges he could be looking for an offensive playmaker who can double as a kick returner after Los Angeles finished 30th in the league in return yards. The Bolts already have elite talent at receiver in Keenan Allen, Tyrell Williams and Mike Williams, who is hard at work in the off-season program after an injury-filled rookie year as the seventh overall pick.
DO THE WORK
The Chargers' front office executives and scouts were busy this week preparing for the draft by sifting through hundreds of scouting reports and making their final evaluations before going into a massive mock draft.
“We'll go through different scenarios of where guys would go, and what we would do,” Telesco said. “Because (on) draft day, you can't have those discussions. It's hard enough making decisions with the clock ticking down in front of you. You can't have those long discussions at that point. You have to have that decided.”
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Telesco's first five years in charge included big hits in 2016 with first-round pick Bosa and second-round tight end Hunter Henry, both budding stars. He also grabbed running back Melvin Gordon in the first round in 2015 and got starting linebacker Denzel Perryman in the second round.
Telesco hasn't been as successful in unearthing hidden gems, with few later-round picks becoming major contributors. For instance, 2016 third-round pick Max Tuerk lasted just two years and failed to become the Bolts' starting centre. But he got a huge hit in the third round in 2013 when he drafted Keenan Allen, who overcame injuries to become a Pro Bowl receiver.
Much of the evaluation of last year's class must wait, since first-round receiver Mike Williams didn't play much and second-round offensive lineman Forrest Lamp missed the whole season because of injuries.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
"The one question that would always bother me is: is there anything we're missing?" he said.
"You're looking for the holes. When you're dealing with this technology and you get into the deep, dark web, how much of it is encrypted, how much of it is inaccessible, how much of it is beyond technical capacity to crack into."
But there are thorny ethical issues at the heart of that discussion, the minister cautioned.
Goodale cited the recent controversy that has placed Facebook at the heart of a major scandal over the inappropriate use of its data in the United Kingdom's Brexit campaign and Donald Trump's successful U.S. presidential bid.
"The latest controversy about Facebook actually puts this whole set of issues in stark relief," he said.
"On one side, everyone is agreed that we need to collaborate and fight hard to combat child pornography, human trafficking, political interference and terrorist content on the web.
On the other hand, he said the recent Facebook controversy placed privacy concerns front and centre.
The ministers also discussed how to guard against ongoing domestic threats. Though nothing has emerged so far to link Monday's events in Toronto to extremism, the use of a vehicle as a weapon against pedestrians is something that Goodale's British, French, American and German counterparts are all too familiar with.
Goodale reiterated that no motive for Monday's van attack has been found to link it to a national security threat, but he said the Toronto police investigation remains in its early stages.
"We've witnessed brutal terror attacks on our own home soil, and attacks on our democracies through foreign interference during elections," Goodale told his fellow ministers Tuesday.
"These tests to our collective security demand our constant collaboration through the G7."
By Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
Man lots of great movies are celebrating anniversaries this year. And celebrating it's 50th anniversary today is Arthur Penn's classic biographical crime film, 1967's Bonnie and Clyde.
The movie was a biographical if somewhat streamlined, comedic, violent and action packed version of notorious outlaws Bonnie Parker (Faye Dunaway) and Clyde Barker (Warren Beatty). The movie takes some liberties with the actual events but it's an awesome and entertaining movie.
The movie starts with Clyde meeting Bonnie while trying to steal her mother's car. The two of them soon become partners in crime. They start off small time but slowly start working up to robbing banks. They recruit a young gas station worker named C.W. Moss (Michael J. Pollard), in real life the character is an amalgamation of a couple of people who worked with the Barrow gang, to be their driver. Eventually they team up with Clyde's brother Buck (Gene Hackman) and his wife, Blanche (Estelle Parsons). They soon become extremely wanted criminals as they crimes get more and more violent.
It took several years for Bonnie and Clyde to get made. The writers shopped it around trying to get a director on board (at one point Jean-Luc Godard was approached). Eventually Warren Beatty became involved and he got Arthur Penn to direct. Warner Bros. was unhappy with the film and were eventually forced to give the film a wide release. The film became a huge hit for them and a critical one too. The movie won two Oscars and was nominated for 8 more awards.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — The Jacksonville Jaguars are bringing back veteran linebacker Lerentee McCray.
McCray signed with the Jaguars on Monday. He had been an unrestricted free agent after signing a one-year deal with Jacksonville in 2017.
McCray says he's “been waiting to find a home and I'm excited to be back here and finish the unfinished business that we left last year.”
The 6-foot-3, 249-pound McCray recorded a career-high nine special teams tackles in 13 games last season. He previously spent time with Buffalo and Green Bay after signing as an undrafted rookie with Denver in 2013.
McCray has played in 50 games over five seasons, notching 28 tackles and three sacks.
McCray won a Super Bowl in 2015 with the Broncos and was a key member of special teams, where he played for current Jaguars special teams co-ordinator Joe DeCamillis.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Posted on
You wouldn't know it if you limited yourself to Ireland's mainstream media outlets, but the fighting landscape of 2018 offers diverse rays of hope for the long-neglected Irish fans. As is often the case the warriors of Ireland are largely ignored in favour of provincial rugby matches and English soccer matches, despite being our best sporting global presence. Emerging prospects on the cusp of world title shots, rejuvenated veterans and returning superstars are all smacking the pads and bags this month as dreams are chased and lifelong ambitions edge closer to completion.
2017 saw Katie Taylor capture a professional world crown, Conor McGregor won the lottery in a mismatch against an ageing great, and Carl Frampton returned in a humdinger versus a typically bionic Mexican, where a planned routine warm up quickly evolved into a ferocious see-saw battle.
Spike O'Sullivan, reinvigorated and relentless, walked through everything Antoine Douglas had to offer before rendering the plucky American half-unconscious with a violent finish. Spike now has options. A fight against Daniel Jacobs is perhaps the wrong move but if it's financially attractive enough, the game Corkonian will enter the ring with full confidence.
Andy Lee ended the year hinting at a comeback. Lee is perpetually underrated although that is understandable given the air of fragility he often projects – and then often destroys with that world class power he detonates. Mixed in with alarming performances of averageness are stellar performances, such as his victory over the decorated Russian Matt Korobov. Lee is a dangerous fight for anyone.
Frampton fights the dangerous Filipino Nonito Donaire in April in a contest he is expected to win before a mega event in Windsor Park over the summer. Frampton is clearly Frank Warren and BT Sport's flagship star since James Degale's recent self-implosion and stands to secure his future financially if the potential landmine of Doniare can be safely negotiated.
Like all boxers at his level it will be fascinating to see how the Frampton's story concludes given the heartless nature of the sport, where the best laid plans can be ruined in an instant. The dream is glory in front of 20000 supporters. The reality may just be sober and brutal.
Other Irish boxers continue to emerge as contenders for glory. Dennis Hogan, based in Australia, occupies a ranked position with the major governing bodies and an opportunity is surely coming his way. Former Olympians continue to straddle the topsy-turvy politics of the professional game with Jason Quigley, Michael Conlan and John Joe Nevin returning to action. The hype is with Conlan who is a human cash register to veteran promoter Bob Arum. Quigley has the promotional backing, while Nevin is still a source of hope for all Irish boxing fans, despite his stop-start pro-career and out-of-the-ring problems.
A former Irish heavyweight champion also seeks to leave personal issues in the rear-view mirror and bids to be the first man to defeat British blue-chip champion Anthony Joshua. Tyson Fury, a man with Galway roots has a multimillion cheque dangling in front of him should he lose six stone in weight. I would personally live on two slices of lettuce for a year and fight Joshua for a fraction of that amount so surely a self-proclaimed fighting man such as Fury can rekindle that inner fire and grab the rewards awaiting him.
Fury versus Joshua should happen this year. Joshua's team would prefer to catch the lineal heavyweight champion rusty from inactivity and clouded by two years of depression, obesity and substance abuse. Fury is rebellious and contrary enough to eschew a tune up fight and dive straight into the line of fire. If the Fury that outfoxed Klitschko shows up Joshua could be befuddled and out boxed for twelve rounds.
Irish MMA finds itself in a muted position going into 2018. There are a mere four Irish fighters on the roster of the two main MMA organisations. Throwback midlands slugger Charlie Ward and the hyped James Gallagher fight for Bellator, while Joe Duffy seeks to rebuild over at the UFC.
A certain southpaw from Crumlin's immediate plans are clouded in mystery. Is he coming back? Who does he fight if he comes back? McGregor will likely return this year, and American media believe a Ferguson-Khabib fight likely in March will provide an opponent for the Notorious in June or July. If that plays out expect McGregor to be stripped of the lightweight belt beforehand, but at this stage whether he has the belt or not doesn't matter.
The one possibility that seems to be overlooked is a fight against Tyron Woodley for the welterweight strap. It would be a classic McGregor move and after Nurmagedov's one sided mutilation of Edson Brboza many seasoned observers would likely give McGregor more of a chance of beating Woodley despite the size disparity.
The cards will fall where they may. Fighters will win, fighters will lose. Dreams will be achieved and smashed, and the fights will often come down to millimetres and momentary lapses in concentration.
For the long suffering Irish fan, a home event is long overdue. But in a country where a series of Garth Brooks concerts can trigger a national emergency, it's best not to be overly optimistic.
By Gary Elbert
Photo credit: Generation Bass on Flickr
MIAMI — Musicians, actors and fashion icons descended on Miami for a whirlwind week of glamorous parties to celebrate some of the world's best artists during Art Basel.
Drake and Lil Wayne took over the 24/7 ultra-club E11EVEN MIAMI for the Bootsy Bellows pop up on Friday. Lil Wayne took centre stage but Drake jumped up with him for an impromptu performance of “Jumpman” and “Fake Love.” The two did a few songs together and Drake, whose hits include “Hotline Bling” and “Passionfruit,” gave a little bow to Lil Wayne while praising the rapper for inspiring him.
Rapper 2 Chainz followed Drake and joined the two on stage. The party went into the early morning hours and NFL star Odell Beckham Jr. even joined in.
Grammy nominated rapper Cardi B performed Thursday at one of the most exclusive parties of the week, TIDAL X: Moschino, hosted by famed fashion designer Jeremy Scott. She was joined by rapper and producer G-Eazy. Diplo, Joan Smalls and Paris Hilton. The following night, Cardi B hit up popular LIV nightclubs for a show.
At the former Versace mansion, HBO's “Insecure” actress Issa Rae hosted a party to announce the finalists of Bombay Sapphire Artisan Series' annual arts competition. Guests included Olivia Culpo, frequent Basel attendee Eva Longoria and Mark Ronson. Partygoers drank gin cocktails from neon glowing light bulb glasses and took 3-D images in a tricked out photo booth.
Over at the exclusive 1 Hotel South Beach's The Beach Club, Barry Sternlicht and Richard LeFrak hosted a poolside party attended by Will and Jaden Smith and Owen Wilson. Guests dined on ceviche jars, poke rolls and mini matcha cakes.
The late night crowd headed to nightclub Rockwell, which teamed up with 1OAK for a three-night pop-up that included performances by hometown rapper Rick Ross, 2 Chainz and a party toast Miguel's new album “War & Leisure.” Ross ended his performance by ordering a bottle of champagne to be delivered to every table in the nightclub. Guests such as Major League Baseball's National League MVP Giancarlo Stanton, actor and former basketball star Rick Fox, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Over at the nightclub ORA, 50 Cent took the stage before a raucous crowd that included boxers Danny Garcia and Jean Pasquale. The rapper performed 12 songs from the DJ booth including hits “Candy Shop” and “In Da Club” and his own rendition of Cardi B's “Bodak Yellow.”
In Wynwood, music producer Swizz Beatz who founded The Dean Collection, hosted a three day event with Bacardi giving artists free space to exhibit their work, along with a rare deal that gives 100 per cent of sales directly to the artists as part of his No Commission theme. The art aficionado, who is married to Alicia Keys, has talked about the plight of struggling artists and his desire to promote them. His wife has said art brought them closer when they first started dating.
“It's a good time to be on the fighting side of creative freedom. Fearless voices linking together to create a movement. It takes courage, risk and a view of the future others cannot see. This is what new frontiers are made of, this is why No Commission was born,” said Swizz Beatz, whose real name is Kasseem Dean.
The three-day party was one of the most popular of the week with hundreds lined up outside to hear Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz, Busta Rhymes, Maxwell and Chronixx. Leikeli47 performed her hit “Money,” and Swizz performed a special DJ set. Celeb attendees included Michael B. Jordan, Amar'e Stoudemire, and Major Lazer's Jillionaire.
Also in Wynwood, actor Gerard Butler checked out artist's Peter Tunney's Gallery and took a tour of the iconic muraled Wynwood Walls. He was also spotted riding around town with Tunney in his Lady Bug golf cart.
On Tuesday, the Wynwood Walls hosted an exclusive dinner and after party to unveil 12 new art installations created for Art Basel while Jermaine Dupri performed.
Art Basel Miami Beach, the prestigious extension of the annual contemporary art fair in Basel, Switzerland, didn't officially open until Thursday, but the fair has become so popular that it's spawned dozens of others around Miami along with star-studded parties days in advance. The lavish festivities even brought out members of the royal family on Wednesday.
Sarah, Duchess of York, and daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie celebrated the opening of Art Basel at a party hosted by art powerhouse Hauser & Wirth at 1 Hotel South Beach to honour acclaimed American artist Mark Bradford, whose works include ‘Pickett's Charge' at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington DC. Princess Eugenie is a director at Hauser & Wirth.
Guests included singer Ellie Goulding, Owen Wilson, Wendi Murdoch, Ricky Martin and Diplo. The evening began with drinks on the private beach of the newly launched Beach Club with music by Bad Apples Brass Band and ended in a rooftop dance party where Ronson took to the decks for a late night DJ set.
——
This story corrects spelling for Barry Sternlicht.
The mine is in difficulty and there seems to be something wrong with Caroline's baby. Can we blame the dog?
This was the episode where Ross Poldark went to London – but in the end it's what he did back home that concentrated our minds. Namely saving the mine, getting into a fight, and being one of the boys.
Advertisement
CONTAINS SPOILERS FOR POLDARK SERIES 4 EPSIODE 3
Yes the Honourable Member for Truro was shown being a very good MP in the opening scenes, in an episode which did something we Poldarkians aren't used to – time jump.
Months and months passed as Ross campaigned in the capital and Demelza held the fort throughout the winter and spring. Eventually he was forced to return to Cornwall, which is, after all, where we would all prefer seeing him.
The mine was in trouble, the old load (we haven't heard the word load in a while and it was nice to hear) was wearing thin and our Tricorn-hatted hero needed to save the day and prove he was one of the lads, not some fancy dan London politico.
He admitted he had grown “soft and fat” in London, and his return was a bit, shall we say, awkward. His old chums kept calling him ‘Sir' or Captain Ross rather than just Cap'n, and seemed convinced that ‘That London' had changed his ways.
But they needn't have feared.
Ross was soon down the mine hewing a rock face (sadly for Aidan Turner-watchers, with his shirt firmly on).
He also proved his mettle when he wanted to join the boys fishing. At first he wasn't sure whether he'd be welcomed, acting a bit like an insecure teenager needing his Mum (or, in this case, Demelza) to reassure him that it really was OK to join them.
When he arrived, he found the troupe had been set upon by some Cornish ruffians. Tholly Tregirls, that piratical cove with the crazy name and even crazier accent, had been having his wicked way with “widder Crocker”, only she wasn't a “widder” and her very alive husband wanted his own back. Team Tholly was losing the punch-up until Ross arrived and saw them off.
But of course, his reunion with Demelza was the most subtly-drawn moment in yet another expertly-scripted episode by Debbie Horsfield.
Ross arrived, appropriately enough, on horseback, but the two circled each other warily at first.
“You look…[long pause] thinner?,” he said in what I, as a married man, firmly believe was a good start. “So what have you been up to?,” he went on, innocently enough.
Oh dear.
“Well, seeing to your mine, your farm, your household, your children… that's what I have been up to,” Eleanor Tomlinson returned brilliantly.
Ross's unspoken fear of course was whether Demelza had met someone else. Was she still pining for Hugh, he asked? Was she pining for Elizabeth, she shot back. She's always held her own in this marriage, our Demelza.
Still, we did see Ross turning down the advances of a more than flirtatious young woman in London – a promising start to his political career. And Ross and Demelza did have their physical reunion as well, right there on the Nampara kitchen table. They better not tell Prudie: that's where she prepared her puddings.
London also came to Cornwall in the form of Monk Adderley, the awful, ‘honourable' member for Bishop's Castle (a small town in south Shropshire, by the way), a constituency which he “has never seen and never intends to”.
He flashed Elizabeth a look which suggested amorous intent at a ghastly gathering of what George calls the “worthies”. The party was assembled to allow George to buy up the democratic process and get back into Parliament – as far a cry from Ross's speeches against hanging for theft as you can imagine.
In other news, toe-rag vicar Osborne Whitworth seems to be reviving matters with Morwenna's coquettish sister Rowella. The flash of foot is too much for him to bear – and she seems to need the money.
Oh yes and, rather quickly it seems, Caroline has had her baby – no agonising labour, no midnight rush to her bedside. Only, the good doc Dwight Enys later noticed something wrong with poor little Sarah Caroline.
“All babies have blue eyes,” he said at the birth, planting the possibility that the problem could be a paternity one. If her eyes darken, as babies' eyes often do, maybe she's not his? Has Caroline been playing away like Demelza? She seemed quite approving of her romance with Hugh, but surely not?
The dog is another suspect. We kept being told that the pampered pug Caroline keeps is jealous of the new arrival. Has it been biting the baby? Or has the poor child got a mystery illness? Or, God forbid, has Caroline been neglecting her child or even deliberately hurting her? She keeps joking that she never wanted the thing, and we know what they say about many a true word and jests….
Whatever the answer, it doesn't look promising. In next week's trailer Caroline tells her husband: “I want to leave you.”
Let's just hope it's nothing worse than a naughty pooch.
Advertisement
Poldark continues on Sunday nights on BBC1
ST. PAUL, Minn. — It's been a magical first season for the Vegas Golden Knights, who already have won more games than any first-year team in NHL history. However, the Western Conference leaders didn't look very dominant Friday night.
Eric Staal had two goals and an assist as the Minnesota Wild beat the road-weary Golden Knights 5-2 for their second straight win after the All-Star break.
Vegas was coming off an overtime victory in Winnipeg on Thursday night, while Minnesota was rested since its last game on Tuesday. The Wild carried the pace of play from the start, outshooting the Golden Knights 19-8 in the first period while taking a 2-0 lead.
“We looked like a tired team for the first time this year,” Vegas coach Gerard Gallant said. “There's no excuse. You play back-to-back — everybody plays them. But I didn't like our team tonight. We had no compete and we didn't win 1-on-1 battles.”
The Golden Knights had won four of five coming in, including consecutive comeback victories at Calgary and Winnipeg. But they had a tough time responding when Minnesota jumped out to its early lead.
“It's tough on the road when you get down early and you're not playing like you want to,” said Vegas forward Eric Haula, who had a goal and an assist. “You give all the confidence in the world to the other team.”
Charlie Coyle, Tyler Ennis and Jared Spurgeon also scored for Minnesota, while Jonas Brodin had three assists and Matt Dumba added two. Devan Dubnyk stopped 22 shots to help Minnesota move to 18-4-4 at home.
“We like playing in this building,” said Coyle, who scored in his second straight game. “We know when we get the momentum right from the start and the crowd gets into it, we feed off of that too.”
Nate Schmidt scored the other Golden Knights goal, and Colin Miller added two assists for Vegas, which remained a point behind Tampa Bay for the best record in the league. Malcolm Subban made 30 saves in his first start since Jan. 19.
“Malcolm played incredibly well,” Schmidt said. “It could have been a lot worse.”
Staal opened the scoring with a power-play goal at 10:05 to put Minnesota on top. Defenceman Mike Reilly fed a pass from the right circle across the ice to the goalmouth, and all Staal had to do was put his stick down to deflect the puck past Subban.
Coyle doubled the lead five minutes later with a wrist shot from the left circle that beat Subban, who was screened on the play by Wild forward Joel Eriksson Ek.
Spurgeon scored the Wild's second power-play goal of the night to make it 4-1 in the second period, but Schmidt's goal cut Minnesota's lead to 4-2 with 7:22 left in the game. When the Golden Knights gained possession in Minnesota's zone, Gallant pulled Subban for an extra skater, and the 6-on-4 paid off when Schmidt knocked in a rebound off the end boards from a bad angle.
But the Wild put it away with 1 1/2 minutes to play when Staal was awarded a goal after he was hooked while heading in on an empty net. His team-leading 22nd of the season capped a night when the Wild took advantage of a tired opponent.
“We've got some veteran guys on our team who understand back-to-backs and travel and how it works,” Staal said. “If you can jump on them and be aggressive, it can really help carry you the rest of the way. And we were aggressive. We were in their face early, drew the power plays and then cashed in.”
NOTES: Haula has scored a goal in five straight games. … Ennis scored for the first time in 19 games. … The Wild welcomed LW Nino Niederreiter back to the lineup. He had missed eight straight and 13 of the previous 15 games with a bone bruise to his left ankle. … Golden Knights D Brayden McNabb returned after missing three games due to injury
UP NEXT
Golden Knights: At Washington on Sunday
Wild: At Dallas on Saturday
Daniel Radcliffe comes over all Bear Grylls in the trailer for his new movie Jungle – except adventurer Bear wouldn't be dumb enough to plunge deep into a jungle with no clue about where he was going or how to get out again.
Jungle is based on a true story of a young Israeli man named Yossi Ghinsberg (Radcliffe). In the movie, Yossi and his friends follow a total stranger into the Bolivian jungle who promises to be their guide. But the stranger is not to be trusted: he abandons them and leaves them for dead.
What follows is a harrowing tale of survival. It's a bit like Leo Di Caprio's The Revenant, only with fewer bears and more snakes/spiders/biting ants.
Jungle is directed by Greg McLean and stars Daniel Radcliffe, Thomas Kretschmann, Alex Russell, Lily Sullivan and Jacek Koman.
It will premiere at the Melbourne International Film Festival in August and will be released in the US later this year. A UK release date has not been confirmed.
Multiple tabloid reports claim that 2017's Celebrity Big Brother will be an "all-star v new star" series bringing back some of the biggest, best (and most controversial) characters from the history of Celebrity Big Brother and the public version of the show. So if that is the case, it is of course time to start speculating who those people might be!
What we do know is exactly when the show is coming back. Take it away, host Emma Willis...
#CBB is nearly BACK! 🙌🙌🙌 Join us for the Live @bbuk launch on Tuesday 3rd Jan at 9pm on @channel5_tv… Pop Goes January!! pic.twitter.com/nUuFbaxXg9 — Emma Willis (@EmmaWillis) December 8, 2016
Yep we only have to wait until Tuesday 3rd of January to find out!
But what about those housemates? Let the rumours begin...
Nicola McLean
Word on the street is that the glamour model, television presenter and personality could be heading for the famous house as an "all star" having appeared on Celebrity Big Brother in 2008. She's also been on I'm A Celebrity! Get Me Out of Here! on ITV so she has form as a superstar of reality TV.
Labour MP Meka Whaitiri for Ikaroa Rāwhiti has held a number of huies in her electorate to discuss concerns around Te Ture Whenua Māori Reform Bill and says landowners are not at the heart of the changes.
She says it's a bill that nobody wants, "What I've always challenged the Minister on is not that he's had consultation hui it's whether he has listened to what the people have said at this hui."
"At the hui in Ikaroa Rāwhiti people were actually forced to move a motion for the bill not to proceed, it's never been reported back in parliament that he does not have the broad base support that the Waitangi Tribunal said he must have if he's going to proceed with this bill."
But Te Ururoa Flavell disagrees with Whaitiri and says the bill is designed to keep land in Māori hands while encouraging land development as well.
He says Māori have engaged in Te Ture Whenua Māori and that it's been six years in the making and over the last three years, 3000 people have attended more than 170 meetings around the country, it's been a long journey.
Whaitiri held the last of her public meetings in the Ikaroa Rāwhiti electorate last night in Hastings, an opportunity for people to discuss any concerns they may have.
She says concerns have been raised around clauses 47 & 51 which are to do with the rights of owners and the decision making processes.
"What they have been kept out of is the actual detail of the bill and the detail of the bill in my public hui none of them knew about it, in fact, the feedback is "it does what?" That's not what we were told the bill was about."
However, the minister encourages people to take the time to read through the bill and says government support and funding will be made available for land development opportunities.
(Will Kincaid /The Bismarck Tribune via AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 4, 2017 photo, North Dakota Gov. Doug Burgum and first lady Kathryn Helgaas Burgum greet the crowd at the governor's inauguration celebration in Bismarck, N.D. The former tech execu...
By JAMES MacPHERSONAssociated Press
BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Tech executive-turned-governor Doug Burgum replaced his office desk chair with a wellness ball, assigned corporate titles to top subordinates and once wore jeans on the floor of the staid North Dakota Senate.
With a style reflective of Silicon Valley, the former Microsoft vice president bucked power brokers in his Republican Party to win the post leading the most conventional of state governments. In their latest of several conflicts, lawmakers are planning to sue Burgum over line-item vetoes they argue stepped too far onto their turf.
Such friction has been rare in North Dakota, so overwhelmingly Republican that Donald Trump carried it by 36 points last year. At the Capitol, the GOP controls more than 80 percent of both chambers.
"Republican legislators don't want to be critical of a Republican governor, but I can safely say none of us have a working relationship with the governor," said GOP Rep. Bob Martinson, who has worked with six other governors in his 45-year tenure, currently the longest in the state.
The veto dispute - which would be the first such challenge in the state Supreme Court in nearly four decades - stands to be an expensive example of a revamped GOP power structure that hasn't yet figured out how to get along.
House Majority Leader Al Carlson said the veto lawsuit might have been avoided with better communication.
"If we had some idea he had concerns, we could have worked them out," Carlson said.
Burgum and lawmakers also clashed over how much the governor could pay in staff bonuses as well as over upgrades to a new $5 million governor's mansion. He volunteered to pay for such improvements as a skylight and heated garage floor out of his own pocket, but legislative leaders rejected the idea that Burgum should be able to influence the design decisions even if he bankrolls them.
In an interview, Burgum dismissed the suggestion of any tension with lawmakers, pointing to hundreds of bills they passed and he signed. He was particularly irked by the idea he has been less accessible than previous governors.
"Any time legislators ask for a meeting they get them," Burgum said.
Burgum, 61, is a small-town North Dakota success story. He received an MBA from Stanford, and in 1983, mortgaged the family farm near Arthur to join a startup company, Great Plains Software. Later, as CEO, he took the company public before selling it to Microsoft in 2001 for $1.1 billion. He then ran Microsoft's business software division from Fargo, the state's largest and most liberal city.
During his campaign for governor, Burgum often talked about shaking up the "good old boy" party establishment and reining in "runaway spending" as the state's oil boom was fading.
The message, pressed in mostly self-funded TV ads, rankled some legislators. So did Burgum's decision to run against Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem, the party-backed candidate, in last year's primary. Burgum easily won both the primary and general elections.
Once at the Capitol, he brought a more corporate mindset to the governor's offices. He pledged to "reinvent state government" and run the state like a business, hiring former executives from his tech business as "chief executive officer" and "chief operating officer" to lead his state team.
Additionally, his two top policy advisers are still in their 20s, a notable contrast in an older body that runs toward farmers, ranchers and retired military veterans. Some lawmakers quietly call them Burgum's "wonderkids," and Burgum himself, "Bill Gates lite." The Microsoft billionaire gave $100,000 to Burgum's campaign.
Since his arrival, Carlson, the House majority leader, has kept a wellness ball in his own office as a gag.
Then there are the jeans. Burgum is well-known for preferring to go casual, which has caused some lawmakers to privately grumble in a building where suits and ties are the norm. In February, Burgum was invited to leave the Senate floor after he posed for a picture with a school group while wearing jeans. A Burgum spokesman said he meant no disrespect to the chamber's rules
Burgum isn't backing away from changing how the Capitol works. He said running the state like a business will result in better efficiencies and customer service.
"Business principles need to be applied," Burgum said. "Taxpayer expectations are getting higher and higher."
Burgum hasn't only talked of pinching pennies. He has pitched transforming downtown areas throughout the state into vibrant social and economic hubs that are attractive to live in, while finding ways to diversify a state economy largely dependent on oil and agriculture.
Martinson, the longtime GOP legislator, said Burgum can do more to flesh out that vision for the state.
Fargo Democratic Rep. Joshua Boschee agreed.
"There have been no details. It's just a concept and it's not a new concept," Boschee said. "Where are the details?"
Burgum said he's been working with local communities on the idea, created a website, and may propose legislation prior to the next session to advance the idea. One idea he offered - allowing parking meters in the only state that does not, as a way to increase turnover in commercial districts - went nowhere this year.
Rep. Rick Becker, a Bismarck Republican who also ran for governor last year, has no problem with Burgum's approach so far.
"That's how he presented himself and that's how he's been," Becker said. "I appreciate the dude believes in what his role is and I admire that. We need a little more friction between the legislative and executive branches."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Already have an account? Sign In.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /registrationForm *}
Rolls-Royce has secured the authorizations it needs to acquire the remaining 53.1% of Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) from Spanish engineering and construction firm Sener Grupo de Ingeniería.
ITP is a joint venture between Rolls-Royce (46.9%) and Sener (53.1%), which was created in 1989. The JV supplies turbines for Rolls-Royce's civil engines and is active on the UltraFan future engine program, which is slated to enter service from 2025.
Under a shareholder's agreement signed in 2003, during a certain period year Sener held a put option which gave it the right—but not the obligation—to sell its shares in ITP to Rolls-Royce at a specified price.
Sener exercised that option in 2016, but the companies have been waiting on Spanish clearance for the deal that has now been secured.
“Approval from the authorities in Spain pave the way for Rolls-Royce to conclude the acquisition,” Rolls-Royce said.
Rolls-Royce is paying €720 million ($847.3 million) for the 53.1% shareholding, which will be paid in eight installments of cash—or Rolls-Royce shares—over a two-year period following completion.
Completion is expected before the end of 2017 and Rolls-Royce has elected to make the first payment in shares. Up to half the purchase price can be settled in shares.
“The decision on the form of subsequent payments will be determined as each individual payment falls due,” Rolls-Royce said.
Bilbao-headquartered ITP employs over 3,000 people and participates on all of Rolls-Royce's existing Trent programs through risk and revenue sharing agreements. Its activities include aircraft engine design, research, development and manufacturing, as assembly and testing.
Outside of Spain, ITP has facilities in India, Malta, Mexico, the UK and the US.
Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com
Getty Image
During her current book tour for Brave, Rose McGowan has set off some serious fireworks taking while swings against both those who knew about Harvey Weinstein's actions and his defenders and enablers. It turns out that one of the most talked-about moments in McGowan's career was inspired by the disgraced Hollywood mogul as well.
Appearing on Dr. Oz, McGowan revealed that the minimalist dress she wore to the 1998 MTV Video Music Awards with then-boyfriend Marilyn Manson was a silent protest aimed at Weinstein. According to McGowan, the VMAs were her first public appearance since her alleged sexual assault by Weinstein:
“It was after I wore the crazy dress, right? But that crazy dress… and I talk about it in the book, why did I wear that? That was my first public appearance after being sexually assaulted. I was like, ‘Is that what you want?' I've never worn something like that before or since. That was a political statement … of course, there was no Twitter at the time or Instagram, no way to speak for yourself.”
Later Friday, McGowan, citing an incident at a reading at a Barnes and Noble in New York, announced she was canceling all future public appearances on her book tour.
I am canceling upcoming public appearances because I have given enough. I have given beauty, in return I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes @BNBuzz by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorized by your system. And no ONE in that room did anything — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
McGowan has not stated whether or not she will make further TV appearances.
(Via Billboard and Dr. Oz)
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Security guard Jose Sanchez checks concert goers on his first day back at a large event since he worked during last Sunday's mass shooting Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, on the outskirts of Las Vegas. Sanchez and his colleagues at a pri...
(AP Photo/Rick Bowmer). In this Oct. 4, 2017, photo, a device called a "bump stock" is attached to a semi-automatic rifle at the Gun Vault store and shooting range in South Jordan, Utah. The National Rifle Association announced its support Ton Oct. 5 f...
(AP Photo/Carlos Giusti). U.S. Vice President Mike Pence arrives at the Muniz National Guard Air Base, in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The trip comes days after U.S President Donald Trump visited Puerto Rico and praised relief efforts w...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Tuesday, Oct. 3, 2017 file photo, a Las Vegas police officer stands by a blocked off area near the Mandalay Bay casino in Las Vegas. On Sunday, Oct. 1, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Fes...
(Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP, File). FILE - This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wo...
LAS VEGAS (AP) - In an effort to find a hint of the Las Vegas gunman's motive, investigators are looking into whether he was with a prostitute days before the shooting rampage, a federal official said.
Authorities are also scrutinizing cruises Stephen Paddock took and trying to find some meaning behind a note with numbers written on it that was left in his hotel room.
In addition, the FBI announced Friday that billboards would be put up around the city asking anyone with credible information on last weekend's massacre at a country music festival to call authorities.
More about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history:
THE INVESTIGATION
Investigators believe the 64-year-old Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information, a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years, most of them with his girlfriend, Marilou Danley. At least one sailed to the Middle East.
Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said Friday at a news conference that examinations of Paddock's politics, finances, any possible radicalization and his social behavior have turned up little information on what led him to rain bullets on a crowd of country music fans Sunday from his 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life.
Billboards set to go up around Las Vegas will urge anyone with information about the shooting to dial 1-800-CALL-FBI.
VICE PRESIDENTIAL VISIT
Vice President Mike Pence is scheduled to visit Las Vegas on Saturday to take part in a ceremony honoring the victims of last weekend's massacre.
City officials said Friday that the vice president will speak at an event set for 12:30 p.m. in the City Council chambers.
A community interfaith unity walk to City Hall will be held earlier Saturday.
Organizers plan to release a flock of doves after Pence's speech to commemorate each of the victims.
IS NRA PROPOSAL A TRICK?
Some gun industry experts say the National Rifle Association's push for "bump stocks" to be re-evaluated by the government after the Las Vegas massacre is little more than a ruse to stall any momentum for wider gun control.
Adam Winkler, author of "Gunfight: The Battle over the Right to Bear Arms in America," said the NRA "can throw a sacrificial lamb of bump stocks because they know that gun owners don't use them or like them."
The devices, originally intended to help people with disabilities, fit over the stock and pistol grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, mimicking a fully automatic firearm. Bump stocks were found among Paddock's arsenal in his hotel room.
It was not immediately clear whether President Donald Trump or Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who oversees the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, could order it to re-evaluate its judgment about devices.
SECURITY GUARDS RETURN TO WORK
Many members of a private security firm that manned the Route 91 Harvest festival the night of the massacre are returning to work this weekend.
The Las Vegas branch of Contemporary Services Corporation stayed put Sunday when Stephen Paddock began shooting from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino. The unarmed security guards helped lift people over barriers, hid them behind pillars and under the stage, and funneled them to exits.
A 21-year-old CSC guard, Erick Silva, was among the 58 people killed. Two other CSC guards were wounded.
Supervisor Cheryl Metzler worked a UFC weigh-in Friday, her first event since the shooting. She says going back to work with a group she considers family is "the best therapy."
___
Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo contributed to this report from Las Vegas.
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LAS VEGAS — When Air Force veteran Jay Purves first heard the pop-pop-pop at the Las Vegas country music festival, he knew immediately it was gunfire.
Purves and his colleagues at a private security firm manning the Route 91 Harvest festival Sunday night were a force of 200 unarmed first responders who lifted people over barriers, hid them behind pillars and under the stage, and funneled them to exits amid the panic.
One of the Contemporary Services Corporation guards died and two were wounded when a gunman on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino across the street opened fire on the outdoor festival, killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others.
Now, despite the fresh trauma and losing one of their own, many of the company's guards — “the yellow shirts,” Purves calls them — are returning to work this weekend.
Supervisor Cheryl Metzler put on her uniform Friday to work a UFC weigh-in, her first event since the shooting. She was anxious but stayed composed until it came time to thank other CSC guards who came in from out of state to help.
“I kind of broke down a little bit,” she said.
Purves, the vice-president of CSC's Las Vegas branch, said private security guards are not always taken seriously because they aren't law enforcement.
“We're the ones often in the background, in the shadows, but we were actually the ones right there in the thick of it all,” he said.
The staff has worked events at the venue before and was already reeling a bit from Saturday, the second night of the festival, when a drunken attendee punched one of their guards in the face.
Metzler was working Sunday in a command centre that resembles a shipping container, watching the concert on seven large surveillance monitors, when someone called to ask if there were supposed to be pyrotechnics at the show.
“We thought fireworks,” she said of the popping sound. “But then it kept going.”
As people began to flee, the guards fanned out across the venue, coaxing shell-shocked concertgoers too frightened to move to head to a safer spot.
Early in the chaos, Purves got a call on his radio: “Erick's been hit and is down,” referring to 21-year-old employee Erick Silva.
Silva, assigned to the front of the stage, off to the side where the soundboard was kept, was shot in the head while helping people climb over a barricade.
Purves started running to him. On the way, he got another call on the radio. A second guard, Jeff Bachman, who was moving Silva away from the stampeding crowd, was shot in the leg.
As the gunfire continued, Purves and the other guards got hold of a bicycle rack, flipped it on its side and used it as a gurney to carry Silva, who was gasping for air. They carried him out to emergency responders before running back in to continue the evacuation.
“It was complete carnage and chaos,” Purves said.
Metzler and others were trapped inside the command post, watching the screens in horror as more shots rang out.
“What I had seen on those TVs — no one should ever see in their life. But I wish everybody could have seen what I'd seen with our people,” she said. “Our people, they didn't run.”
Another guard, Daniel Rascon, was shot in the arm while trying to get people in wheelchairs off a ramp.
“It was hard, seeing my people out there, not being able to help them,” Metzler said. “But then they knew I was in there and they would call me on the radio and I was trying to comfort them.”
The guards are still shaken, Purves said. But many will be going out again this weekend to work security at major events in Las Vegas — including a lantern festival and the UFC event.
Purves credits police, firefighters and other first responders with helping save lives Sunday. But the private security guards, “they're the forgotten ones,” he said.
“These are working men and women who make 10, 11, 12 bucks an hour, who are in the thick of everything and have to deal with intoxication, evictions, fake tickets, complaints that the beer is too hot and the hot dogs too cold,” Purves said. “The yellow shirts are the ones people go to for help.”
Silva, who worked for CSC for three years and dreamed of becoming a police officer, died Tuesday from his wounds.
The company is offering counselling to its employees and helping Silva's family arrange a funeral. Some guards are taking a break to deal with the trauma. Many others, including Purves, decided to go back to work and are staffing their first events this weekend.
Metzler isn't sure when her next day off will be. She said she's glad to be back with a group she considers family.
“I want to be with my people to talk about it. If I'm just sitting home, I'm watching the TV and I don't turn it off,” she said. “So this is the best therapy and the biggest reason I wanted to come back.”
——
Watson reported from San Diego.
B&C police medalist # 2598 Rem 700 SA RH Lightly used police medalist stock. Only weighs 2.25 lbs and has aluminum bedding blocks. This is a bolt and go setup, the recoil lug was bedded but it was an oversized lug so any factory lug should work just fine as is.
$225 shipped
Only trade would be an atlas bipod Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A former Metro Corrections officer who fired his gun at a busy Kroger store was cleared of charges Tuesday.
John Thomas, who became an LMDC officer six months before the incident last October, was fired from his job.
LMPD's Public Integrity Unit investigated the shooting that took place at the Kroger store in the Highlands neighborhood. Thomas claimed his weapon accidentally went off while he was confronting alleged shoplifters in the parking lot.
Thomas originally claimed the alleged shoplifters drove toward him, adding that the couple he said was stealing from Kroger placed a child in the car before Thomas fired his weapon. The investigation revealed the car was not coming at Thomas.
"There were some inconsistencies with what I was told at the scene," Tracy Dotson, FOP Lodge 77 President, said.
Dotson was one of the first people to hear Thomas' account. Thomas said he told a security guard about the shoplifters, and followed the couple out of the store. He confronted them in the parking lot and said the car came at him when his gun accidentally went off.
PREVIOUS ARTICLES
+ LMDC officer suspended after gun fired at Kroger
+ Off-duty officer fires weapon at Highlands Kroger
+ LMDC officer whose gun went off at Kroger identified
"There are two people that you are always honest with and that's your doctor and your lawyer," Dotson said.
The LMPD investigation found that Thomas stuck with his story until he was shown surveillance video of the incident. The video showed a white sedan driving away from Thomas as he pointed his gun at the car, just before it fired a shot.
LMPD policy allows for deadly force if an officer believes he is in danger, which in this case Thomas said at the time that he felt he was.
"Sometimes youth and inexperience combine to create less ideal situations," Dotson said.
The suspected shoplifters never were found by police, and their side of the story was never documented. The store surveillance video has not been released.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
LFTZ: Catalyst for real estate market, urban growth
The Nation Newspaper
The United Nations projects that Nigeria's population will cross the 250 million mark by 2030. An estimated 10th of this figure will live and work in Lagos in an estimated area of 356,861 hectares of which 75,755 are wetlands. To the Lekki Free Zone …
Lagos state govt releases N.698billion for Lekki Free Zone Naija247news
all 2 news articles »
Runners from West Suffolk will be taking on the London Marathon on April 23 to raise cash for local and national charities.
It will be the 50th marathon for Cherie Ransom from Bury St Edmunds though it is the first time she has run London.
Cherie Ransom is running the London Marathon for the Ambulance Wish charity
She said: “Someone else had this place and dropped out so it was offered to me.”
She supports Ambulance Wish Foundation UK, which is raising money for an ambulance to help grant the last wishes of terminally ill people. Cherie's paramedic husband Mark will do a Channel Swim for them in July.
To donate to Cherie's cause click here.
Three people will be running for West Suffolk Hospital's MyWiSH charity. Heather Ruff and Jill Bunch work on the stroke unit at the hospital and will raise money for stroke rehabilitation.
Jill Bunch and Heather Ruff are running the London Marathon for My WiSH
To support Heather and Jill click here.
The third is Simon Byford, a golf professional at Bury Golf Club whose chosen charities this year are the Macmillan unit and Rainbow ward.
Simon said: “My son spent the first six weeks of his life in and out of the Rainbow Ward and the amazing staff on the MacMillan unit have cared for many people close to me.”
To donate to Simon click here.
Simon Byford is running the London Marathon for My WiSH
Gemma Manchett, assistant manager of Manchetts Rescue and Recovery, is running for Whizz Kidz, a charity that provides mobility equipment for disabled children.
The 25-year-old from Fornham All Saints said: “I have never been a runner before so this was a big challenge for me. It was really hard at first – I had had to start from scratch.”
To support Gemma's efforts click here
Veteran charity campaigner Gina Long, of Fornham St Martin,admits she could barely run for a minute just three months ago. Gina, and her running partner Lisa Lumley, from Risby, will be raising money for Sarcoma UK after Gina's daughter, Ali, was diagnosed with a Myxoid Liposarcoma three years ago.
Gina Long and Lisa Lumley are running the London Marathon for Sarcoma UK
To back Gina and Lisa click here
Jo Hawes, 23, from Bury, is running the 26.2 miles for Chain of Hope, which takes heart treatment to children in developing and war-torn countries.
To donate to Jo's fund click here.
For Tom Kingsnorth, from Bury, the London Marathon will be the first in his two-marathons challenge. He is also running the Snowdonia Trail Marathon in July.
Tom is raising money for YMCA Cambridge and Barbara Bus Fund which provides specially-adapted transport for service personnel with life-changing injuries to get out and about with family and friends.
To back Tom's efforts click here.
Jo Hawes is running the London Marathon for children's heart charity Chain of Hope
Broadcom's Qualcomm Takeover Bid Goes Hostile
Broadcom officially launched a hostile takeover bid for Qualcomm on Monday, nominating 11 alternative candidates to Qualcomm's board of directors.
The move sets the stage for a showdown over the future of San Diego's largest tech company -- one of only two Fortune 500 firms headquartered locally. Shareholders will vote to support either Qualcomm's or Broadcom's board candidates, with the results expected to be announced at Qualcomm's annual meeting March 6.
Broadcom did not raise the $70 per share offer price on Monday -- which valued Qualcomm at $103 billion. Qualcomm's board previously rejected that amount as too low.
But Broadcom could still boost its offer before the March 6 annual meeting, making it more attractive to Qualcomm's shareholders.
Qualcomm said Monday that the Broadcom offer undervalues Qualcomm's growth prospects in the Internet of Things, 5G, automotive and data center networking markets..
Tom Horton, Qualcomm's presiding director, said no company is better positioned than Qualcomm to bring mobile technologies to these industries.
"Qualcomm's stockholders expect a board that will support this innovation while evaluating objectively the full range of opportunities available to maximize value for all Qualcomm stockholders," said Horton in a statement.
Broadcom Chief Executive Hock Tan [pictured above] said Qualcomm's shareholders want the two companies to talk about the acquisition proposal, but so far Qualcomm has ignored Tan's attempts to begin a dialogue.
"The nominations give Qualcomm stockholders an opportunity to express their disappointment with Qualcomm's directors and their refusal to engage in discussions with us," said Tan in a statement. "In light of the significant value our proposal provides for Qualcomm stockholders, we believe Qualcomm stockholders would be better served by new, independent, highly qualified nominees who are committed to maximizing value and acting in the best interest of Qualcomm stockholders."
Directors nominated by Tan have a wide range of experience in the financial and technologies industries, including previously holding executive positions at Nokia, General Motors, J.P. Morgan and EMC Corp., among others.
The hostile takeover bid ramps up pressure on Qualcomm to complete It's bogged down, $38 billion acquisition of automotive and Internet of Things chipmaker NXP Semiconductors, which aims to further diversify Qualcomm's business beyond smartphones.
The NXP deal, announced more than a year ago, is still awaiting regulatory approval in Europe and China. In addition, some NXP shareholders want Qualcomm to increase its $110 per share offer, which is below NXP's current trading price.
To date, fewer than 5 percent of NXP shareholders have pledged their shares in support of Qualcomm's offer. The company needs 80 percent to complete the deal.
Broadcom says its buyout bid for Qualcomm stands whether the NXP acquisition is completed or not. But Tan could condition an increase to his $70 per share offer based on what happens with NXP -- including whether Qualcomm is forced to increase its bid to close the deal.
Bernstein Research Analyst Stacy Rasgon wrote in a research note Monday that Tan now has three months to build support among Qualcomm shareholders for his slate of directors "in the face of what appears, at least at the moment, to be a strategic vacuum from Qualcomm."
"So far Qualcomm has yet to produce any sort of concrete response plan to Broadcom's overtures beyond 'trust us,' which we believe is going to become increasingly untenable as things progress," wrote Rasgon. "If they want to keep the company they better get cracking on a case as to why shareholders should trust in them instead of Hock, as we are not convinced Qualcomm shareholders necessarily believe that the Broadcom offer undervalues Qualcomm quite as much as Qualcomm management might believe."
© 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Broadcom.
Arctic Voyage Finds Global Warming Impact on Ice, Animals
The email arrived in mid-June, seeking to explode any notion that global warming might turn our Arctic expedition into a summer cruise.
"The most important piece of clothing to pack is good, sturdy and warm boots. There is going to be snow and ice on the deck of the icebreaker," it read. "Quality boots are key."
The Associated Press was joining international researchers on a month-long, 10,000 kilometer (6,200-mile) journey to document the impact of climate change on the forbidding ice and frigid waters of the Far North. But once the ship entered the fabled Northwest Passage between the Atlantic and the Pacific, there would be nowhere to stop for supplies, no port to shelter in and no help for hundreds of miles if things went wrong. A change in the weather might cause the mercury to drop suddenly or push the polar pack into the Canadian Archipelago, creating a sea of rock-hard ice.
So as we packed our bags, in went the heavy jackets, insulated trousers, hats, mittens, woolen sweaters and the heavy, fur-lined boots.
Global warming or not, it was best to come prepared.
If parts of the planet are becoming like a furnace because of global warming, then the Arctic is best described as the world's air-conditioning unit. The frozen north plays a crucial role in cooling the rest of the planet while reflecting some of the sun's heat back into space.
Yet for several decades, satellite pictures have shown a dramatic decline in Arctic sea ice that is already affecting the lives of humans and animals in the region, from Inuit communities to polar bears. Experts predict that the impact of melting sea ice will be felt across the northern hemisphere, altering ocean currents and causing freak weather as far south as Florida or France.
"Things are changing in the Arctic, and that is changing things everywhere else," said David 'Duke' Snider, the seasoned mariner responsible for navigating the Finnish icebreaker MSV Nordica through the Northwest Passage last month.
Researchers on the trip sought a first-hand view of the effects of global warming already seen from space. Even the dates of the journey were a clue: The ship departed Vancouver in early July and arrived in Nuuk, Greenland on July 29th, the earliest transit ever of a region that isn't usually navigable until later in the year.
As it made its way through the North Pacific -- passing Chinese cargo ships, Alaskan fishing boats and the occasional far-off whale -- members of the expedition soaked up the sun in anticipation of freezing weeks to come.
Twelve days after the ship had left Vancouver, the ice appeared out of nowhere.
At first, lone floes bobbed on the waves like mangled lumps of Styrofoam. By the time Nordica reached Point Barrow, on Alaska's northernmost tip, the sea was swarming with ice.
Snider recalled that when he started guiding ships through Arctic waters more than 30 years ago, the ice pack in mid-July would have stretched 50 miles farther southwest. Back then, a ship also would have encountered much thicker, blueish ice that had survived several summer melts, becoming hard as concrete in the process, he said.
He likened this year's ice to a sea of porridge with a few hard chunks -- no match for the nimble 13,000-ton Nordica.
Since the first orbital images were taken in 1979, Arctic sea ice coverage during the summer has dropped by an average of about 34,000 square miles each year -- almost the surface area of Maine or the country of Serbia. More recent data show that not only is its surface area shrinking, but the ice that's left is getting thinner too. Snider said he has seen the ice cover reduced in both concentration and thickness.
The melting ice is one reason why modern ships have an easier time going through the Northwest Passage, 111 years after Norwegian adventurer Roald Amundsen achieved the first transit. Early explorers found themselves blinded by harsh sunlight reflecting off a desert of white, confused by mirages that give the illusion of giant ice cliffs all around, and thrown off course by the proximity of the North Pole distorting their compass readings.
Modern mariners can get daily satellite snapshots of the ice and precise GPS locations that help them dodge dangerous shallows. But technology can be fickle. After two weeks at sea the ship's fragile Internet connection went down for six days: no emails, no Google, no new satellite pictures to preview the route ahead.
The outdoor thermometer indicated a temperature of 47 degrees Fahrenheit (8.3 Celsius), but in the never-setting sun of an Arctic summer it felt more like 60 F. Days blurred into nights. Distant smoke from Cape Bathurst signaled slow-burning shale fires, while giant white golf balls indicated the remains of Cold War radar stations.
At one point a row of shacks appeared on a hill. As the ship passed by Cambridge Bay -- home to Canada's High Arctic Research Station -- a brief cellphone signal flickered to life, allowing one homesick sailor to make a tearful call to his family.
The Finnish crew, meanwhile, took solace in the creature comforts of home, such as the on-board sauna and reindeer roast on Saturdays.
Even in their bunks, those on board heard the constant churning of ice as the ship plowed through the debris rolling beneath the hull, thundering like hail on a tin roof.
As the icebreaker entered Victoria Strait, deep inside the Northwest Passage, we looked for a shadow moving in the distance or a flash of pale yellow in the expanse of white that would signal the presence of the world's largest land predator.
At last, a cry went out: "Nanuq, nanuq!"
Maatiusi Manning, an Inuit sailor, had spotted what everyone on board was hoping to see -- the first polar bear.
The 1,000-pound predators are at the top of a food chain that's being pummeled by global warming because of the immediate impact vanishing sea ice has on a range of animals and plants that depend on it.
"If we continue losing ice, we're going to lose species with it," said Paula von Weller, a field biologist who was on the trip.
No Arctic creatures have become more associated with climate change than polar bears. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimated in January that about 26,000 specimens remain in the wild. Population counts of polar bears are notoriously difficult, and researchers are unsure how much their numbers have changed in recent years. But the Fish and Wildlife Service warned that melting sea ice is robbing the bear of its natural hunting ground for seals and other prey.
While some polar bears are expected to follow the retreating ice northward, others will head south, where they will come into greater contact with humans -- encounters that are unlikely to end well for the bears.
Still, being the poster child of Arctic wildlife may help the polar bear. Sightings are a highlight for adventure tourists who are flocking to Arctic cruises in increasing numbers.
Last year, the hottest on record in the Arctic, the Crystal Serenity took 1,100 high-paying guests on a cruise of the Northwest Passage, prompting environmentalists to warn of an Arctic tourism rush that could disrupt wildlife habitat. Crystal Cruises says it works closely with local guides, marine biologists and conservationists to ensure wildlife isn't harmed.
Von Weller said there are benefits to people seeing the region and its animals themselves.
"People are so far removed from the Arctic that they don't understand it, they don't know it and they don't love it," she said. "I think it's important for people to see what's here and to fall in love with it and have a bond and want to protect it."
That love may need to extend further down the food chain if the fragile ecosystem in the Arctic continues to fall apart. Some of the animals highly associated with the ice are not going to be able to adapt in a reasonable amount of time to keep up with climate change, Weller said.
"The walrus, for example, may spend more time on the mainland. They're very prone to disturbance so that's not a good place for walrus to be," said von Weller.
Research published four years ago rang alarms bells about the future of the red king crab -- a big earner for Alaska's fishing industry -- because rising levels of carbon dioxide, a driver of global warming, are making oceans more acidic. Scientists found that juvenile crabs exposed to levels of acidification predicted for the future grew more slowly and were more likely to die.
Algae that cling to the underside of sea ice are also losing their habitat. If they vanish, the impact will be felt all the way up the food chain. Copepods, a type of zooplankton that eats algae, will lose their source of food. The tiny crustaceans in turn are prey for fish, whales and birds.
Meanwhile, new rivals from the south are already arriving in the Arctic as waters warm. Orca have been observed traveling further north in search of food in recent years, and some wildlife experts predict they will become the main seal predator in the coming decades, replacing polar bears.
Humans are also increasingly venturing into the Arctic in search of untapped deposits of minerals and fossil fuels -- posing a threat to animals. The potential for oil spills from platforms and tankers operating in remote locations has been a major cause for concern among environmentalists since the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster off Alaska killed a quarter of a million seabirds, as well as hundreds of seals and sea otters. Simply getting the necessary emergency response ships to an Arctic spill would be a challenge, while cleaning oil off sea ice would likely take months.
Last month, Canada's supreme court ruled in favor of the Clyde River community of Baffin Island, which is fighting the proposed seismic blasts used by oil companies to map the sea floor. The Inuit fear that the loud underwater noise caused by the blasts could disorient marine mammals such as whales that depend on sound to communicate, and affect the reproductive cycles of fish and shrimp stocks.
The Inuit and other local peoples are already feeling the impact of global warming because they rely on frozen waterways to reach hunting grounds or relatives on other islands. But some say it will not be all bad: Cruise ships offer potential revenue to those Inuit communities willing to engage with tourists.
The absence of sea ice for longer periods each summer, meanwhile, will allow boats to supply villages and mines for longer periods of the year. Where it used to be a hard and fast rule that ships had to be out of the Northwest Passage by Sept. 28, the operating season now stretches beyond October.
Tiina Jaaskelainen, a researcher at the Hanken School of Economics in Finland who was on board the icebreaker, said responding to these changes will require a better understanding of the social impact rather than just the science of climate change.
"Inuit communities need to be involved in planning each use of the passage and the Arctic in general," she said. "It's important they can play an active role in the region's economic development, while good governance may enable local communities to also maintain their traditions."
Upon entering the Atlantic, the FM radios aboard Nordica began picking up local stations again, including one that played David Bowie's 'Ziggy Stardust.' Nordica reached Nuuk, the capital of Greenland, after 24 days.
"The fact that we were able to plan and execute this transit so efficiently says something about the changes in the ice," said Scott Joblin, an expert on maritime and polar law from Australian National University in Canberra who studies the legal implications of climate change in the Arctic.
Scientists believe there is no way to reverse the decline in Arctic sea ice in the foreseeable future. Even in the best-case scenario envisaged by the 2015 Paris climate accord, sea ice will largely vanish from the Arctic during the summer within the coming decades.
In the end, the route that foiled countless explorers claimed little more than a camera and a drone.
But we did get a taste of the warming Arctic: Those heavy fur-lined boots never got used.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Bus burns into flames. Source: Facebook
The kiwis caught in a bus fire on their way to Gallipoli are still heading to ANZAC Cove.
A total of 42 young New Zealanders and Australians had to leap from their bus when it burst into flames overnight.
Passenger Melissa Peters, from Christchurch, told Māori Television the group were now on a ferry heading to the peninsula for the Gallipoli dawn service at 2.30pm (NZT.)
Photo source: Facebook
She said they were tired but safe. Many had lost their luggage, passports and mobile phones but were still committed to attending.
The fire is believed to have started in the engine of the bus. The driver noticed smoke and had pulled over. Passengers were getting off on the side of the road when it burst into flames.
All passengers were accounted for.
Thousands of young kiwis have headed to Galipolli each year as part of their overseas experience.
Photo source: Facebook
More to come.
Kellyanne Conway: ‘I Don't Know Who' Tweeted ‘Love You Back' to a White Supremacist from My Account
A gay couple in Missoula, Montana was reportedly assaulted this weekend upon leaving a bar, The Rhino, circa midnight Saturday.
The incident occurred as both men held hands as they walked back to their vehicle. Two men passing in the other direction shouted a homophobic slur and, when one of the couple turned around, he was punched in the jaw and hit several more times. When he fled into the bar to seek help, he returned to find his boyfriend being attacked.
Missoula police have not named the victims, although they released descriptions of the attackers. They are contacting nearby businesses to attempt to uncover possible surveillance footage of the attack or the suspects. They have also asked any witnesses to step forward with information.
A local LGBT advocate said of the apparent hate crime:
For David Herrera with the Western Montana LGBT Community Center, the assault came as a surprise.
“People tend to think that Missoula is such a progressive community, and yet it's kind of surprising when this stuff does happen and make us realize that we still need to be careful,” Herrera said. “There are people that truly hate us and will attack us.”
The couple's injuries include several bruises, a swollen jaw and a black eye.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A senior manager at the company operating Croydon's trams has handed in his resignation.
Operations director Steve Duckering resigned almost two months ago and is working his notice period, Tram Operations Limited (TOL) confirmed to the Advertiser.
Now, structural changes will take place within the FirstGroup-owned company, which has been put under the spotlight following the Croydon tram crash last year.
Earlier this year, the managing director of TOL John Rymer retired after 17 years with the company.
He was replaced by a new director with experience in the railway industry, Jackie Townsend, who was formerly operations director at First Capital Connect.
A spokesman for TOL said: “Steve Duckering will leave the business following almost 18 years of service on the tram network.
“We would like to put on record our thanks to Steve for his work and the support that he has offered to the team during this difficult time.
“In light of Steve's departure, we have taken the opportunity to make some structural changes while we find a suitable replacement.”
At TfL, Leon Daniels, managing director of surface transport for seven years, announced earlier this year that he was leaving his role. The Advertiser has asked who will be replacing him.
Questions were raised in the Rail Accident Investigation Branch's (RAIB) year-long investigation into the crash as to how the safety of the tram network was managed.
One of the RAIB's recommendations was for TOL to review areas such as how to create a “just culture” after drivers did not report issues to managers because they “feared the consequences” for themselves if they did so.
This led to TOL not understanding the extent of late braking, the report states, and therefore took no action to mitigate the risk.
It also found that TOL did not fully investigate an incident where a driver nearly derailed a tram on the exact same bend as the fatal crash and the RAIB also brought into question TOL's fatigue management procedures.
The report, which said the driver in the fatal derailment possibly had a “micro-sleep”, said TOL and TfL had not recognised the actual level of risk associated with overspeeding on a curve.
*If you want to get in touch with the Croydon Advertiser about the tram crash, email samantha.booth@croydonadvertiser.co.uk. All contact will be treated with the utmost sensitivity.
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Jaylen Barford was still learning what major college basketball was all about a year ago as a first-year junior college transfer when Arkansas went to Minnesota and lost by 14 points.
This time around, the Razorbacks senior had a clear idea of how to attack the 14th-ranked Golden Gophers — and he had plenty of help along the way.
Led by Barford's 22 points, Arkansas (7-2) returned the favour from last year's loss with a 95-79 victory over Minnesota on Saturday night. It did so while continuing what's been nothing short of an offensive onslaught in Bud Walton Arena to open the season, raising its home scoring average to 93.2 points per game with the win.
Barford entered the game second in the Southeastern Conference in scoring at 19.6 points per game, and he finished 9 of 15 from the field — adding four rebounds and four assists. The 6-foot-3 senior also hit two 3-pointers and had a block while making amends for last year.
“I think it was just having the experience and maturity level of our game, and just taking our time and being more poised this year,” Barford said. “Last year was our first road game, and (we thought) things were going to be a cakewalk, and it wasn't.”
While Barford brought plenty of experience to the court, Arkansas' newest rising star fared just well while making the first start of his career.
Freshman Daniel Gafford had 16 points on 8-of-8 shooting, and the 6-foot-11 forward added seven rebounds and six blocks while facing a talented Minnesota (8-3) front line. He did so in only 21 minutes and helped the Razorbacks hit 39 of 68 shots (57.4 per cent) for the game.
During one second-half possession, Gafford swatted two straight shots by the Gophers and added to his growing highlight with three dunks — bringing his season total to 21 in nine games.
“If he works hard and he's a good kid, (Gafford) could be a first-round pick,” Minnesota coach Richard Pitino said.
The loss is the third in the last four games for the Golden Gophers, who lost earlier in the week at Nebraska . Jordan Murphy led Minnesota with 20 points and 10 rebounds, Amir Coffey had 18 points and Nate Mason 17 in the loss.
The Gophers shot 41 per cent (25 of 61) in their first road game against an SEC opponent since a loss at Georgia in 2001.
“Certainly we have our deficiencies we have to fix, but the sky's not falling,” Pitino said.
BIG PICTURE
Minnesota: Senior Reggie Lynch entered the game averaging 11.6 points, 8.6 rebounds and a national-best 4.5 blocks per game. The 6-10 Lynch rarely had the chance to affect much of the game on Saturday, committing four fouls in his first 6 minutes and finishing with five points in 14 minutes.
Arkansas: The Razorbacks entered Saturday having won their four home games by an average of 25.3 points per game. They were nearly as dominant against the Gophers, leading from start to finish and by as many as 19 points in the second half while making their case for a Top 25 ranking.
MORRIS' INTRO
New Arkansas football coach Chad Morris was busy recruiting early on Saturday, attending a prep state championship football game in Little Rock. That didn't stop Morris from making the trip back to Fayetteville by the evening, just in time to be introduced in the first half of the basketball game — much to the delight of the 17,853 fans in Bud Walton Arena.
HOME COOKING
The victory was the first for the Razorbacks over a top 15 team since defeating No. 5 Texas A&M during the 2015-16 season, and it extends their home winning streak to eight games. “That was Bud Walton Arena at its best,” Arkansas coach Mike Anderson said. “That's how we do it around here.”
UP NEXT
Minnesota returns home to face Drake on Monday night.
The Razorbacks are off for finals before hosting Troy on Dec. 16.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Kurt Voigt on Twitter at @Kurt–Voigt–AP
The end of another year provided a nice bump for new machine tool orders, though the year itself will be remembered as moderately disappointing.
New orders increased 20.6%, according to the U.S. Manufacturing Technology Orders report issued by the Association for Manufacturing Technology. That snapped a two-month slide, but closed the book on a year where the year-over-year figure dropped 4.0%. Hope springs eternal, though, and there are some good warning signs.
The Purchasing Managers Index, published by the Institute for Supply Management, checked in at 56.0 in January, indicating expansion in manufacturing for the fifth straight month. Capacity utilization and industrial production also increased in December, as did cutting tool consumption and machine shop spending.
“There has been a significant uptick in shipments for cutting tools,” AMT President Douglas K. Woods said, “and machine shop spending was 32% from November. Since large manufacturers will leverage their supply chain's capital equipment before expanding their own capacity, gains for machine shop investment are promising, because they typically mark an over greater need for capacity and a broader upturn on the horizon.”
So, will 2017 prove a better year than its immediate predecessor? Best not to count unhatched eggs and all that, but the forecast looks good.
December orders totaled $406.72 million, up nearly $70 million from the $337.24 spend in November, reflecting the second-biggest monthly total for the year (after September, which finished at $503.67 million, and benefited from the IMTS bump.
Read More
American Machinist is an IndustryWeek companion site within Penton's Manufacturing & Supply Chain Group.
Lawmakers came into Wednesday's session with very heavy hearts following the shooting of Steve Scalise in Virginia.
They say he is more than just a former coworker, but he was also a true friend. Legislators started by joining together for a moment of prayer. Governor John Bel Edwards said some words before lawmakers bowed their heads to pray for Scalise, his family, and the other victims of Wednesday morning's attack that left four others injured.
RELATED: Louisiana Congressman Steve Scalise in critical condition after Virginia shooting; suspect dead
Scalise served for 14 years in the Louisiana House of Representatives, where he built relationships with many current lawmakers.
"Unbelievably shocking,” said Representative Helena Moreno. “Steve is a wonderful person. Even though we are on different party lines, we have always been great friends."
"I was scared, of course,” Rep. Ted James said. “When you hear anybody was shot, of course it goes to the worst. So I was you know, ecstatic to hear that the congressman was alert and that he was talking and on his way to surgery."
"I just wanted to stop for a few minutes and just process that,” said Rep. Sam Jones. “Because he's a friend and good person. All that. Just the insanity of this whole thing is just indescribable to me."
Lawmakers resumed talks about the budget after the morning prayer. The special session is scheduled to adjourn next Monday.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
23:47 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Iron Dome intercepts rocket fired towards Israel At least one rocket that was fired from Gaza on Monday evening was intercepted by the Iron Dome anti-missile system. No injuries were reported. Full Story ► ◄ Last Briefs
You could be tired of so many last-minute changes being made to your schedule. You might be best off looking the other way and considering the big picture. Consider doing some traveling to somewhere you have never been. Tonight: Be considerate of others' feelings.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
One-on-one relating points to some obstacles. A loved one might not agree with you about an expenditure. You could have a difficult discussion, or you can let the topic go for now. You might find a more appropriate time for this conversation later in the week. Tonight: Out late.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Others dominate the scene. You might feel pressured by a domestic matter that you can't seem to get past. Enjoy each person for what he or she offers. Do not feel intimidated by what anyone says. Recognize that you are transforming in your own way. Tonight: Say "yes."
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
You could be in the mood for an intense discussion; however, unexpected developments and a need for you to pitch in on a project might force you to postpone it for now. Know that this delay probably will be for the best. Tonight: Know when you are too tired to stay up late.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
Sometimes you just can't contain yourself. Though you might need to make an adjustment, you will show up at the right time at the right place. You have a lot on your mind, and might not want to share recent events. Perhaps you're simply in the mood to play. Tonight: Live it up.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You could feel unusually stressed out, to the point that you want to avoid a social gathering. You don't mind having the limelight on you, but you would prefer not to play the role of host or hostess. Adjust your plans accordingly and do what you must. Tonight: Let the good times roll.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Do not allow an uncomfortable feeling to dominate the moment. Relax with the moment, and let the issue go. You might find that those around you are so entertaining that you forget about whatever has been ailing you. Avoid getting stuck on one topic. Tonight: Swap jokes.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Keep reaching out to a loved one who seems to be going through a lot. You might not be able to handle all the pressure around you. Someone close to you becomes demanding. Understand your limitations with this person. Tonight: Treat a friend to some dinner and fun.
BORN TODAY: Playwright Neil Simon (1927), actress Gloria Stuart (1910), singer/songwriter Bill Withers (1938)
www.jacquelinebigar.com
WASHINGTON — A woman who was formerly employed as a manager by celebrity chef Mike Isabella sued him and his business partners Monday alleging sexual harassment. Isabella denied the allegations.
Chloe Caras is seeking an unspecified amount for pain and suffering, back pay and punitive damages. Isabella, who competed on the cooking reality shows “Top Chef” and “Top Chef: All-Stars,” has about a dozen restaurants in the Washington area.
The lawsuit filed in Superior Court in the District of Columbia says when Caras was fired in 2017 she was the director of operations for the Isabella Eatery in Virginia and the highest-ranking woman in Isabella's organization, Mike Isabella Concepts. The lawsuit says that during Caras' three years with the company she was subject to unwelcome touching, sexual advances, vulgar and explicitly sexual remarks and gestures, and sexists insults and texts calling her a “dumb bitch” and a “whore” and false rumours about her sexual history.
“On multiple occasions, Mr. Isabella sexually propositioned Ms. Caras and subjected her to degrading acts, including pulling her hair while standing behind her in a clear pantomime of having penetrative sex from the rear,” the lawsuit says.
The lawsuit says Isabella and his partners created a “sexually hostile work environment and condoned a climate of contempt for women” at his restaurants. It says that on Dec. 5, 2017, when Isabella suggested to a chef that he have sex with Caras she attempted to leave the restaurant and was chased after by a screaming Isabella and fired by him when she reached the door.
In a statement provided to The Washington Post, which was first to report the lawsuit, Isabella, his partners and company denied the allegations. “Simply put, the allegations of an unwelcoming or hostile work atmosphere are false,” the statement said. The Maryland-based law firm that provided the statement, Bascietto & Bregman, did not immediately provide the same statement or other information to The Associated Press.
Caras' attorney Debra Katz said in an email that Caras has also filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requesting that it conduct an investigation into allegations that Isabella's organization maintained a sexually hostile work environment.
A Texas man who has pleaded guilty to bribing Mississippi's former prison chief argues that he should get a lower sentence or stay out of federal prison altogether.
The sentencing hearing for Mark Longoria of Houston began Monday and is scheduled to continue Tuesday. He faces up to five years in prison.
Longoria waived indictment and pleaded guilty to a felony charge of conspiracy to commit bribery in August.
The CEO of Drug Testing Corp., Longoria admitted he paid nearly $230,000 to Mississippi businessman Cecil McCrory for his work helping to secure $782,000 in sales of drug testing cups in 2013 and 2014. Longoria has said he found out during the contract that McCrory was kicking back $60,000 to then-Corrections Commissioner Christopher Epps but did nothing to stop it.
WASHINGTON — The orbit of odd political claims stretched from Utah canyons to the looming Alabama Senate race to crazy-as-usual Washington in recent days.
That's what The Associated Press found when scrutinizing an assortment of statements from President Donald Trump and others last week.
In addition, earlier comments by Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore about his decades-old behaviour with teens drew scrutiny that dominated the last leg of the campaign for Alabama's election. Trump pitched Moore's candidacy at a rally in Pensacola, Florida, close to the Alabama line.
A look at some of their statements:
TRUMP, surveying the crowd at his Pensacola rally Friday night: “Look at these guys, ‘blacks for Trump.' I love you. I love you. By the way, now that you bring it up, black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country. Congratulations.”
THE FACTS: Not true or even close.
The U.S. Census finds that the black homeownership rate peaked during 2004, when 49.7 per cent of black households owned homes. (The rate for all races that year reached 69.2 per cent, also a modern record.) The black homeownership rate stayed in similar territory until the recession, when it dropped to the mid-40s.
This year: 42.7 per cent in the first quarter, 42.3 per cent in the second and 42 per cent in the third. That's an uptick from last year but far from a record. Quarterly rates this year for the total U.S. population: 63.6 per cent, 63.7 per cent and 63.9 per cent.
——
TRUMP: “You know, we have factories pouring back into our country. Did you ever think you would hear that? I used to tell you, that's going to happen.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: Factories are not pouring into the country, according to available data. Spending on the construction of factories has dropped 14 per cent over the past 12 months. There has been a steady decline in spending on factory construction since the middle of 2015 — a trend Trump has yet to reverse despite his claims otherwise.
The existing manufacturing sector, though, has been doing a steady dose of hiring. This appears to reflect the synchronized global growth that has aided a rebound in manufacturing after setbacks in 2016 from a stronger dollar and low energy prices. In November, manufacturing added 31,000 jobs for a gain of 189,000 from a year earlier.
——
TRUMP: “So we're at 3.3 per cent GDP. I see no reason why we don't go to 4 per cent, 5 per cent and even 6 per cent.” Speaks of GDP “getting up to 4, 5, and even 6 per cent, because I think that's possible.” — Cabinet meeting Wednesday.
THE FACTS: Anything's possible, but to get serious: There are no signs the economy is capable of delivering a phenomenal and rarely achieved growth rate in the order of 6 per cent, or even 5. Or even 4.
Federal Reserve officials and most mainstream economists expect economic growth to hew closer to 2 per cent. The economy last cleared the 6 per cent hurdle in 1984 and only for that fleeting year, at 7.3 per cent. This was a different time, when baby boomers were at prime working ages, instead of today when they're starting to retire. The Federal Reserve had boosted growth by steadily slashing a key interest rate from its 1981 peak of 20 per cent, while the Fed today is slowly increasing the same rate. Also, the national debt was much lower.
The tax cuts Trump may soon sign into law would probably max out at roughly $250 billion in 2020. Yet to generate growth of 6 per cent, those cuts would have to spur a massive $1.2 trillion gain to the gross domestic product. His administration has failed to produce a single analysis showing how this would be possible, while outside analysts say the tax cuts are unlikely to generate anything close to what Trump has said.
——
TRUMP, on scaling back national monument lands in Utah: “We have seen how this tragic federal overreach prevents many Native Americans from having their rightful voice over the sacred land where they practice their most important ancestral and religious traditions. … We've seen many rural families stopped from enjoying their outdoor activities, and the fact that they've done it all their lives made no difference to the bureaucrats in Washington.” — remarks in Salt Lake City, Dec. 4.
THE FACTS: Native rights are generally enshrined on national monument lands. So are other existing public uses of the land. Native Americans say their voice on sacred land is imperiled by Trump's move, not empowered.
Five tribes lobbied President Barack Obama to declare Bears Ears a national monument to preserve lands that are home to ancient cliff dwellings and an estimated 100,000 archaeological sites. Native Americans visit to perform ceremonies, collect herbs and wood for medicinal and spiritual purposes, and do healing rituals. The tribes sued Monday night challenging Trump's move to shrink Bears Ears by 85 per cent.
Environmental groups have filed a suit challenging Trump's decision to shrink Grand Staircase-Escalante by nearly half. They say his move endangers a “Dinosaur Shangri-La” of fossils.
Public uses, such as hiking, ranching, hunting and fishing, are allowed on the monument lands. The central issue is whether the land should be opened to mining or other resource or commercial development.
——
TRUMP: “As many of you know, past administrations have severely abused the purpose, spirit and intent of a century-old law known as the Antiquities Act. This law requires that only the smallest necessary area be set aside for special protection as national monuments.” — in Salt Lake City, Dec. 4.
THE FACTS: That's not exactly what Teddy Roosevelt's 1906 preservation law says. It states, in essence, that the federal government should not bite off more than it can chew when a president designates an area for protection. It doesn't demand that such land be kept to a minimum. Such protected land “shall be confined to the smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected,” it says.
——
MOORE, on women who said they had a romantic relationship with him when they were in their teens: “I do not know any of these women, nor have I ever engaged in sexual misconduct with anyone.” “Let me state once again: I do not know any of these women, did not date any of these women and have not engaged in any sexual misconduct with anyone.” — comments during campaign stops in Henagar and Theodore, Nov. 27 and 29.
THE FACTS: In at least two cases, he knew them before he didn't know them.
In a Nov. 10 radio interview with Sean Hannity, Moore said he remembered two of the women, Debbie Wesson Gibson and Gloria Deason, who were 17 and 18 at the time.
He said he didn't remember dating them. Asked by Hannity if he generally dated teenagers as a man in his 30s, Moore replied, “Not generally, no. If I did, you know, I'm not going to dispute anything, but I don't remember anything like that.”
Altogether, five women have stepped up to say Moore pursued them as teens.
Leigh Corfman said Moore touched her sexually when she was 14; he denied that. The age of consent in Alabama is 16.
Moore's campaign said he was only denying knowing women who have accused him of sexual assault. But Moore said in a campaign stop he didn't know any of the women featured in his Democratic opponent's ads. Democrat Doug Jones has run ads with the photos of all of the women who have come forward about Moore.
One of the women has acknowledged that she wrote part of an entry in her high school yearbook that was initially presented as coming from Moore. But no one has refuted her claim that Moore signed her yearbook with a salutation.
——
TRUMP: “Working with Republicans in Congress, we've already signed 88 pieces of legislation. We get no credit. They always say, well, President Trump really needs this tax bill because he hasn't passed any legislation. Well, so far in 10 months we've passed more during this period of time than any other president in the history of our country and the second — let's call runner-up — is Harry Truman, was second.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: Trump's first-year legislative record pales next to that of a variety of presidents (Franklin Roosevelt, with his New Deal, signed 14 historic laws in his first 100 days). The tax package Trump may soon sign would mark his first major legislative achievement after months of false starts and frustrations on health care and more. His promised infrastructure initiative got sidelined but appears in the offing.
Trump signed a law strengthening accountability at the Veterans Affairs Department, used executive orders to roll back Obama-era regulations and policies and, perhaps most significantly, won confirmation of a conservative Supreme Court justice, Neil Gorsuch. But legislatively, his record is thin, despite having Republican majorities in Congress.
All presidents sign plenty of bills that have little consequence; most don't make so much of it. Among Trump's routine signings: naming a Veterans Affairs health clinic in Butler County, Pennsylvania, after Bataan Death March survivor Abie Abraham, appointing a regent at the Smithsonian Institution and naming a federal building and courthouse in Nashville, Tennessee, after late Sen. Fred Thompson.
——
TRUMP on a conversation with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about trade: “He said, ‘I'm telling you that Canada has a deficit with the United States.' I told my people, in front of a lot of people, I said, go out and check — and he was right. Except he forgot some categories — lumber, timber and energy. Other than that, he was right. When you add them altogether we actually have a $17 billion deficit with Canada, right? So, he forgot a couple of categories that he didn't want to mention.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: Trump's accounting is puzzling and at odds with U.S. trade statistics.
Trudeau is right that the U.S. has a trade surplus with Canada, according to those numbers.
“Exports were $320.1 billion; imports were $307.6 billion,” says the U.S. trade representative's office. “The U.S. goods and services trade surplus with Canada was $12.5 billion in 2016.”
The U.S. ran a $12.1 billion deficit with Canada in trade on goods. That was offset by a $24.6 billion surplus in trade of services.
Trump may have been ignoring services — half of the equation on trade — but if so his numbers still don't match his government's.
——
TRUMP on his critics in Washington: “They will lie and leak and smear because they don't want to accept the results of an election where we won by a landslide.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: His win was far from a landslide.
His winning margin in the Electoral College is far closer to the narrowest win in history than to the widest.
The final Electoral College margin was Trump 306, Hillary Clinton 232, for a winning percentage of just under 57 per cent. That ranks the 2016 election as the 13th closest of the 58 presidential elections in U.S. history, according to a tally by Claremont McKenna College political scientist John Pitney. Obama won both of his presidential elections with bigger Electoral College margins: 61 per cent in 2008 and 62 per cent in 2012. Trump's margin was narrower than all but two of the last 10 presidential elections — those of George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004.
As well, he lost the popular vote to Clinton.
——
TRUMP: “By the way, wages — starting to go up. First time in 20 years — starting to go up. That's all going to happen.” — Pensacola rally.
THE FACTS: It's not true that wages haven't gone up for 20 years.
The latest jobs report shows average hourly earnings up 2.5 per cent over the past 12 months, roughly the same pace of growth as the year before, when Obama was president. Wages were rising faster in December 2016, up by 2.9 per cent. Average hourly wage figures are volatile, but they don't show an upward trend under Trump.
The last time unemployment was this low — in 2000 — that figure was rising at 4 per cent.
Inflation-adjusted median household incomes, meantime, have barely budged for several decades.
——
Associated Press writers Kim Chandler in Montgomery, Alabama; Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City; and Christopher S. Rugaber in Washington contributed to this report.
——
Find AP Fact Checks at https://apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
EDITOR'S NOTE — A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
A police officer was hit by a vehicle in front of Trigg County High School in Cadiz, KY, on Monday afternoon.
According to WKDZ, Officer David Colbert was hit by a van while directing traffic.
Colbert is a school resource officer at the school. His injuries are not life-threatening.
Police told WKDZ that no criminal charges are expected.
Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace have gone down in Brondby manager Alexander Zorniger's estimations, following a second collapsed move for goalkeeper Frederik Ronnow.
The goalkeeper was the subject of a deadline day bid on Wednesday for the Eagles and was believed to be all set for the move to London, having seen a deal to Palace fall through last summer, too.
It was initially understood Brondby pulled out of the deal late on, but the Danish club seem to have their side of the story, too.
Boss Zorniger has been quoted by Danish newspaper, BT, and is happy to have kept Ronnow - for now - but is isn't happy with the treatment received by Palace.
"Frederik was in the same situation last summer. The same club would have the same player on the last day of the transfer window," he said, as quoted by BT.
"I don't know if anyone can understand what they do, I'm not able to do. But he is still here and we're very happy.
"Maybe they think it's professional, but from my point of view it's unprofessional. It's disrespectful to another club."
Ronnow, himself, is gutted his Premier League dream has been crushed twice in the space of five months.
He was quoted: "I'm obviously annoyed, but also clear and motivated.
"I could choose to go and cry in the corner, but I wouldn't get anything out of it."
In response to several people on Twitter, Ms. Barr claimed she did not know Ms. Jarrett was African-American. “I thought she was Saudi,” she said to one supporter. To others, she tweeted that she believed Ms. Jarrett was “Jewish and Persian.”
At 12:37 a.m., Ms. Barr replied to a tweet from the account @therealcornett, which falsely claimed that Channing Dungey, the president of ABC Entertainment, had consulted with “an enraged” Michelle Obama before deciding to cancel “Roseanne.”
“Is this true?” Ms. Barr wrote.
She went on to retweet a clip of an interview with the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain that had been originally posted by the Fox Business host Trish Regan. “I believe they were looking for a reason to cancel Roseanne and here's why,” Mr. Cain said in the clip. “Even though the show was a ratings success, forces within ABC didn't like the fact that her conservative defense of certain things was so popular.”
She also retweeted a post by Jack Posobiec — a right-wing commentator who promoted the “Pizzagate” hoax — that included a photograph of the comedian George Carlin with the caption, “This man wouldn't last a day on Twitter.”
In another self-serving retweet, Ms. Barr posted words of encouragement from the right-wing British commentator Katie Hopkins, who lost her job last year at the radio station LBC after tweeting that a “final solution” was needed to combat terrorism. “I have found the more I am fired, the busier I become,” Ms. Hopkins wrote. “You are headed for greatness.”
Ms. Barr also reacted to “Roseanne” cast members. In response to Michael Fishman, who played Ms. Barr's son on the show and posted a statement condemning Ms. Barr's tweet, she responded at 5 a.m., “You throw me under the bus. Nice!”
Mark Lawson speaks to the director, the producer and industry sources about the BBC's decision to release the Agatha Christie adaptation – and the removal of Westwick from the series
On 7 November last year, the BBC's Twitter feed released a picture of Ed Westwick, star of Gossip Girl and White Gold, alongside Poldark's Eleanor Tomlinson to publicise their appearance in an upcoming adaptation of Agatha Christie's 1958 novel Ordeal by Innocence. Westwick, Tomlinson and a cast including Bill Nighy, Anna Chancellor and Alice Eve had spent the summer of 2017 filming the three-part drama in which the aristocratic Argyll family is shaken by allegations against one of its members. It was expected to be a centrepiece of the BBC schedule last Christmas.
Advertisement
On 9 November, Westwick put up a tweet that has since been deleted: “It is disheartening and sad to me that as a result of two unverified and provably untrue social media claims, there are some in this environment who could ever conclude that I have had anything to do with such vile and horrific conduct. I have absolutely not, and I am cooperating with the authorities so that they can clear my name as soon as possible.”
The 30-year-old actor had been accused by two women of historical sexual assaults. (Allegations by two other women followed, in mid-November and earlier this month, to which neither the actor nor his representatives have yet publicly responded.)
None of these alleged incidents related to the making of the Christie drama but, after the first two complaints, the BBC issued a statement on 10 November: “These are serious allegations which Ed Westwick has strenuously denied. The BBC is not making any judgement but until these matters are resolved we will not include Ordeal by Innocence in the schedules.”
Someone close to the events says that the decision to pull the show was made by Charlotte Moore, the broadcaster's director of content. Lord Hall of Birkenhead, the BBC director-general, was “updated on what was happening”, but “it was Charlotte's call, as she runs the channels”.
Moore solved an immediate problem by replacing the Christie drama, in the prestigious Boxing Day slot, with an adaptation of Jessie Burton's novel The Miniaturist. But this left the bigger issue of when and if Ordeal by Innocence could be shown. If, for example, an MP is suspended after complaints, Parliament still carries on while the legal process takes its course, but if an actor's work is withdrawn, that has an impact on a lot of other careers.
“Hundreds and hundreds of people's work would just have gone,” says Sandra Goldbacher, director of Ordeal by Innocence, “or been indefinitely delayed. Which would have been devastating to everyone.”
It was one of several projects affected by a wave of accusations against industry figures that followed multiple allegations, beginning last October, against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein (who denies non-consensual sex) and actor Kevin Spacey, who's rejected some of the allegations of sexual assault made against him.
These cases left a number of stalled or orphaned projects that were dealt with in various ways. Gore, Spacey's biopic about the American author Gore Vidal, was cancelled by Netflix, who also had season six of House of Cards rewritten to excise Spacey's President Francis Underwood.
Most dramatically, Ridley Scott removed Spacey from the film All the Money in the World, in which he played oil tycoon J Paul Getty, and, in the space of a month, reshot the affected scenes with Christopher Plummer, re-edited the film and still met its original mid-December release date.
This appeared to be the model that Mammoth Screen, the independent production company that made Ordeal by Innocence, followed when it released the statement: “Whilst the allegations against Ed Westwick remain under investigation – allegations that he strenuously denies – the producers of Ordeal by Innocence have decided to reshoot parts of the series with another actor.”
Westwick's replacement, in the role of aristocrat Mickey Argyll, is Christian Cooke, who, in January and February, spent 12 days reshooting 35 scenes. Producer Damien Timmer acknowledges that the decision to reshoot was “mired in sadness” because of the circumstances. Had Ridley Scott given them the idea of how such a process might be achieved? Timmer sounds anguished: “Ah, no. Well, I'd be unhappy with the idea that Ridley set a moral example and then…” He tails off.
When it's clarified that the question was whether the urgent turnaround of the Getty film set a technical example, Sandra Goldbacher is happy to answer: “I felt encouraged by Ridley Scott having done it. It was like a sort of talisman for us all: he's done it, so we can do it.”
“Yes, Sandra's word ‘talisman' is better than my ill-tempered response,” adds Timmer. “It was useful to know someone else had managed it.”
Goldbacher says that she was given “the money to do it really properly”, but neither the BBC nor Mammoth Screen, citing corporate policy, will go on the record about what the reshoot budget was, or whether any of it could be reclaimed through insurance. “I think it was daunting, initially,” says Goldbacher, “but then really quite exciting. There was a Dunkirk, show-must-go-on atmosphere.”
It may have helped that many of the cast have experience in theatre, where it's relatively common for an actor to leave a production suddenly – due to disagreement with a director, illness, or even death – and for the cast to carry on with an understudy.
One person involved with the production told me: “I know of theatre plays where an actor has died during the run. And the atmosphere during the reshoot made me think of that: a feeling of shock but also solidarity among those who remained, and sympathy for the actor stepping in.”
There was, inevitably, a Groundhog Day element to the experience: the actors returned in January of this year to the same Glasgow hotel from which they'd checked out in August.
In the case of All the Money in the World, one actress was unavailable for the new filming dates and so vanished from the movie. With Ordeal by Innocence, though, Cooke worked with exactly the cast and crew that had previously filmed with Westwick. However, rescheduling their emergency retakes was, Timmer admits, “very complicated as we had cast very good – and therefore very busy – actors”.
Anthony Boyle, who was rehearsing in New York for the Broadway opening of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, flew in for a couple of days, and Matthew Goode was able to offer a “12-hour window” during filming for another project. “He didn't sleep,” says Goldbacher. Mammoth also makes BBC1's Poldark, which meant that Timmer saw rather a lot of Eleanor Tomlinson: “She had gone straight from Ordeal by Innocence to Poldark, and then, the day she finished Poldark, went back to do Ordeal by Innocence again,” says Timmer.
Logistical disaster struck only once when Alice Eve, flying in from North America, was found to have a problem with her immigration papers at the departure gate. The loss of Eve was solved by technical ingenuity. “We used split screens in the way you would if the same actor is playing twins in a film,” explains Goldbacher. “We merged Alice's performance from the first version into the new scenes we shot.”
As a precaution, the director had her editors, who usually start work after shooting, in an on-set editing suite, where they checked that footage from both versions could be married.
The story of Ordeal by Innocence moves between the hottest and coldest seasons. The original filming took place during the summer, but the reshoot was in winter, with the consequence, says Timmer, that “the technical challenges were reversed. This time, we had the snow, not the sun.”
“The biggest problem was having to cut out icy breath from scenes that were supposed to be taking place in the middle of August,” says Goldbacher. “But night-shooting becomes easier because it's dark by 3 or 4pm. So it was swings and roundabouts, really.”
The team were able to re-use the original location, again dressed to look like the 1950s, but which, between the two shoots, had returned to being a 21st-century private home. “Luckily,” says Goldbacher, “the owner of the house kept quite a lot of the things our designer had done. We'd painted the whole house and put in new carpet, which thankfully they'd liked. Otherwise, it would have taken ages to repaint it all again.”
Costumes and props had to be flown back from Rome and Paris, where they were being used on other movie sets: “There was a fur coat that we'd borrowed. And so we had to track down the owner and borrow it back for Anna Chancellor.”
Did Goldbacher notice that some of the reconvened actors were giving different performances the second time around? “Yes. The scenes were different because Christian played it differently [from Westwick]. I don't want to make comparisons between the actors, though.”
The elegant formula used by Ridley Scott, however, was that he was very happy with the work of both Spacey and Plummer but intrigued by how differently they approached the same material. “Yes. I'd say the same,” says Goldbacher. “It is interesting because you wouldn't normally get to see that on a film.”
“Both performances had weight and integrity,” agrees Timmer, “but they were very different, which was one of the fascinating things about doing this.”
The cases of Ordeal by Innocence and All the Money in the World (and other projects that were unable to reshoot) have caused panic in the screen business because – unless a film were entirely cast and crewed from lifelong celibate hermits – there's always a risk of someone being accused of something.
I asked Timmer if there is anything producers can do to cover against such thunderbolts. “I think ‘thunderbolts' is the word. But every era throws up new challenges that impact on filming. You might always have shot a series in a location that suddenly becomes a terrorist zone. The industry adapts and finds ways of working around whatever the issue is at the time.”
Insurance costs are expected to rise, and there is also talk of “morality clauses” being added into future contracts, effectively asking performers to guarantee that no claims will be made.
But a well-known actor who spoke to me on condition of anonymity said: “It's not at all clear to us how that would work. How can anyone give a guarantee that they could never be accused of something from the past? The issue for actors is how you can hope to defend yourself if allegations – before they are tested and proven – are enough to have you removed from a project.”
One consequence of the Weinstein events is an unexpected sub-genre of unseen performances: Spacey's Getty in All the Money in the World, Westwick's Mickey Argyll in Ordeal by Innocence. “Yes. I suppose it's in a vault somewhere,” says Timmer of Westwick's erased portrayal.
Perhaps one day these performances will be made available, either as DVD extras or as alternative releases. But that will depend on the outcome of the ordeals of the accusers and the accused.
Advertisement
This article was originally published in the 24-30 March 2018 issue of Radio Times magazine
Snow will begin to fall after midnight with the heaviest snowfall developing near sunrise.
Light off and on flurries will continue through the afternoon before snow wraps up into the evening.
Accumulations for most will be light, from 1 - 3 inches!
BOARDMAN, Ohio (WYTV) – A Boardman High School graduate was honored Wednesday for his latest accomplishment at the U.S. Naval Academy.
Boardman Township Trustees presented Ensign Ryan Bailey with a proclamation for finishing 10th in his class at the Naval Academy out of 1,053 cadets who graduated on May 26.
Bailey said it was his parents who gave him the motivation to do well.
“The top 100 at the Naval Academy parents get to sit on the field at graduation so that's always been kind of a big deal for me, was to be able to get that for them.”
He will now go to nuclear sub school with the Navy, with plans to be part of a submarine crew.
Four years ago, Bailey won a state swimming championship for the Boardman Spartans.
Tyrese is calling out his “Fast & Furious” franchise co-star Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson for breaking up the cast amid reports of a spinoff film starring Johnson.
Tyrese posted a picture of the cast Thursday on Instagram and wrote in the caption that thinks Johnson “had a problem because he wasn't the ONLY ONE on the movie poster.” Calling Johnson “a clown,” Tyrese says Johnson didn't have to accept the solo role. He also said Johnson and franchise producer Hiram Garcia “broke up the #FastFamily.”
The Hollywood Reporter said Thursday that a 2019 “Fast” film is intended to be a spinoff starring Johnson and Jason Statham.
Tyrese has starred in five “Fast” films, while Johnson has starred in four.
Johnson's representatives didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Smart homes can be tricky to manage, especially if you've invested in a bunch of different brands. If you have a Google Home, good news: You can now use the Google Assistant to clean up and "sync" any misbehaving devices. Let's say you have some Philips Hue lights in your living room — you set them up and everything works great. A few months later, you buy some extra bulbs for the kitchen, but your Home doesn't seem to recognise them. You could, of course, start poking around the appropriate apps, but now there's a voice command that will do it for you: Sync My Lights.
A Black Hawk helicopter is down in southern Maryland, one person was injured.
A Black Hawk helicopter is down in southern Maryland, one person was injured.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Investigators walk on a golf course as they examine debris that fell at the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club when an Army UH-60 helicopter from Fort Belvoir, Va., crashed, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Leonardtown, Md.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). A St. Mary's County sheriff's deputy stops non-residents from entering the area after an Army UH-60 helicopter from Fort Belvoir, Va., crashed on the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Leonardtown, Md.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Investigators examine debris that fell on the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club golf course after an Army UH-60 helicopter from Fort Belvoir, Va., crashed, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Leonardtown, Md.
(Rebecca Updegrave Cline via AP). People examine an Army UH-60 helicopter from Fort Belvoir, Va., after it crashed at the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club after Monday, April 17, 2017, in Leonardtown, Md.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Investigators examine debris that fell on the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club after an Army UH-60 helicopter from Fort Belvoir, Va., crashed, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Leonardtown, Md.
LEONARDTOWN, Md. (AP) - The U.S. Army says one crew member died and two were injured when a helicopter crashed in Maryland during a routine training flight.
The U.S. Army Military District of Washington said in a statement Monday evening that the UH-60 Blackhawk that crashed is from the 12th Aviation Battalion, stationed at Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
Three crew members were on board. The Army says one crew member is in serious condition and one is in critical condition.
They're being treated at the R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore.
None of the crew members was immediately identified.
The helicopter went down on a golf course in Leonardtown, about 60 miles outside of Washington. The cause of the crash is under investigation.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Postmedia's journalists have been nominated for 12 National Newspaper Awards, recognizing excellence in daily newspaper work in Canada.
The Edmonton Journal's three nominations were the most of any Postmedia newspaper. City columnist Paula Simons was nominated in the columns category for a series of pieces on the death in care of a young Indigenous girl named Serenity and the charges eventually laid against her guardians. The Journal's Malcolm Mayes earned a nomination for editorial cartooning, and Larry Wong of the Journal and Edmonton Sun was nominated for best news photo for his shot of a congregation mourning three members of their church killed when a suspect fleeing police crashed into their vehicle.
Nominated twice each were the London Free Press, National Post, Ottawa Citizen and Vancouver Sun/Province. Randy Richmond of the Free Press was recognized in the local reporting category for his coverage of scandalous conditions and mismanagement at London's troubled Elgin-Middlesex Detention Centre. The Free Press' Jane Sims and Morris Lamont and the National Post's Brice Hall were also nominated for project of the year for their series 27 Minutes, which explored how a woman incredibly survived after a car accident that resulted in her being submerged in ice-cold water for almost half an hour.
The Post was also nominated for work by David Akin with Chris Selley that revealed Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's secret vacation on the Aga Khan's private island in the Bahamas, reporting that resulted in Trudeau becoming the first prime minster found to have broken the federal Conflict of Interest Act. In the long features category, Richard Warnica was nominated for his in-depth profile of right-wing provocateur Ezra Levant and his Rebel Media empire.
The Ottawa Citizen's Christina Spencer was nominated for editorial writing, for tackling subjects including long-term care facilities, the federal government's tax changes for corporations and the plight of Ottawa's homeless. Ashley Fraser's photograph of a surfer on the Ottawa River on a foggy April day earned her a nomination for best feature photo.
Dan Fumano and Matt Robinson of the Vancouver Sun/Province were nominated for project of the year for their examination of the case of Phillip Tallio, an Indigenous man who has spent more than three decades in prison for the murder of a child but who has professed his innocence throughout — and who is now appealing his conviction. Larry Pynn, meanwhile, was nominated in explanatory work for his multifaceted exploration of B.C.'s grizzly bear trophy hunt.
Bryan Passifiume of the Calgary Herald Sun secured Postmedia's other nomination, for his coverage of a raging wildfire in Waterton Lakes National Park.
“Our journalists continue to show they are among the very best in the country, with nominations across a broad spectrum of categories — editorial writing and cartooning, feature writing, spot news, politics, columns, photography and feature writing,” said Gerry Nott, Postmedia's senior vice-president for content. “I'm very proud of their work and appreciate their devotion to telling stories with impact and that shape agendas.”
The Globe and Mail secured the most nominations with 18, followed by the Toronto Star with 12 and Montreal's La Presse, nominated 8 times.
The National Newspaper Awards, now in their 69th year, will be handed out at a ceremony in Toronto on May 4. The awards are given to daily newspapers, news agencies and online news sites the NNA board of governors approve for entry.
TORONTO — An overnight fire at an east Toronto school playground has sparked an arson investigation.
Emergency crews were called to Norman Ingram Public School shortly before 2 a.m. for reports of a fire.
Police say a play structure was destroyed by the flames.
They are asking anyone who saw or heard suspicious activity around that time to come forward.
FLINT, Mich. — A state official is contradicting Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder about when the governor learned about a Flint area Legionnaires' disease outbreak.
Harvey Hollins, who was co-ordinating the state's response to the Flint water crisis, says he told Snyder by phone in December 2015. But the governor has repeatedly said he didn't know until the next month when he announced the outbreak.
Snyder's office declined to comment Friday.
The issue emerged as Hollins testified at a court hearing involving Nick Lyon, head of the Department of Health and Human Services. Lyon is charged with involuntary manslaughter and misconduct. Prosecutors say he failed to alert the public quickly about Legionnaires'.
A judge must decide whether to send Lyon to trial. Some experts have linked Legionnaires' to Flint's poor water quality in 2014-15.
Jack White has announced a new vinyl-only live album, entitled Live at Third Man Records///Nashville & Cass Corridor. The album was recorded from the Detroit and Nashville stops of his mini-tour of intimate concerts he performed earlier this year in support of his Boarding House Reach album. The vinyl package will include a “Jack White logo” flag as well as a set of pictures by the photographer David Swanson. The album is available to order on White's Third Man store through a “quarterly vault subscription” that will be accepting applications through July 31. Listen to a live performance of “Corporation” from the exclusive vinyl now.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — A lawsuit alleging a Rhode Island YMCA would not allow a mother to breastfeed in public has been settled.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Rhode Island on Friday announced the settlement on behalf of Elizabeth Gooding, who sued the Ocean Community YMCA in May.
Gooding is a mother of three who was a part-time employee and member at the YMCA. She alleged employees at the Westerly branch told her in February 2015 and again a month later she couldn't nurse in public areas at the YMCA.
The YMCA said it took “affirmative steps” to address Gooding's concerns at that time. It said a private area was created for employees who choose to breastfeed.
Further details on the settlement haven't been disclosed. The Ocean Community YMCA's president and vice-president couldn't be reached for comment Sunday.
2016, most difficult for workers, Nigerians in 30 yrs — NLC, TUC, NUTGTWN
By Victor Ahiuma-Young
THE NIGERIA Labour Congress, NLC, the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria, TUC, and National Union of Textile Garment and Tailoring Workers of Nigeria, yesterday, said that 2016 was the toughest and most difficult for Nigerians, especially workers in the last 30 years.
In a new message to workers and other Nigerians, the trio demanded good leadership from the Federal Government instead of the blame game, insisting that the new National Minimum Wage, NMW, was a must to avoid nationwide industrial unrest and for workers to cope with the high cost of living.
NLC in a message by its President, Mr. Ayuba Wabba, lamented that 2017 was perhaps the toughest and most difficult for workers, pensioners and the generality of the poor and working people of the country in almost three decades.
“The astronomical increase in the pump price of petroleum products, the massive and continuing devaluation of the Naira, the rise in inflation and the 43 percent increase in electricity tariff in February 2016, all combined to make life difficult for the wage earners and worse for the teeming millions of our people without any means of livelihood,” Wabba stated.
Contending that in the last 12 months, the living standard of the majority of Nigerians had taken a terrible beating, Wabba lamented that the projections and forecasts for the economy in the New Year were equally not very optimistic.
The NLC president, who recalled congress' struggles in 2016, such as the strike against fuel price increase, unpaid salaries and pensions/retrenchments in the public sector, corruption, crisis of unemployment, harped on the urgent need for a new minimum wage.
TUC in its message by its President and Secretary, Mr. Bobboi Kaigama and Musa Lawal, also noted that government must put all measures in place to achieve a new minimum wage in the interest of industrial peace.
TUC argued that the issue of no money for a new minimum wage was not tenable, saying “In light of the prevailing realities and how it has affected workers take home, we call for an upward review of the wages for workers. The devaluation of the naira and other unfriendly economic measures are taking a toll on the workers and Nigerians generally.
“The usual excuse of no money because of the activities of the Niger Delta militants and fall in the price of oil does not subsist here. Our suggestion is: see to the demands of the Niger Delta militants, pass the petroleum Industry Bill, PIB, into law, diversify the economy, reduce cost of running government, jail looters of our treasury and there will be money to do much more than Nigerians are yearning for. We hope governments at all levels listen to the voice of reason.”
Similarly, NUTGTWN in a message by John Adaji and Issa Aremu, President and General Secretary of union, among others, called for the urgent review of the national minimum wage.
According to the union, “The Federal Government should immediately constitute the Tripartite Committee for the review of the national minimum wage. The point cannot be overstated. The only way to reflate the economy is to increase the wages of workers.
“Our experience shows that through dialogue and collective bargaining, a new national minimum wage in Nigeria is possible.”
The post 2016, most difficult for workers, Nigerians in 30 yrs — NLC, TUC, NUTGTWN appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
New Music: Yung6ix – Real Quick (Freestyle)
Yung6ix stuns with a new freestyle reportedly recorded in one take titled “Real Quick“. This track follows the success of his Korede Bello assisted “Loving You” and “No Favors” with Dice Alies & Mr. Jollof. This fiery freestyle is released in anticipation of Yung6ix's new LP titled “High Star“. Listen and Download below: Download
The post New Music: Yung6ix – Real Quick (Freestyle) appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall Gospel Service is scheduled to host an annual Keeper of the Community Black History Month celebration on Feb. 18 at 1 p.m. at the Memorial Chapel. Individuals and organizations recognized for their achievements and impact on the community. Rev. Dr. E. Gail Anderson Holness will be the guest speaker. The event is open to the public. For more information, contact Edgar Brookins at 202-320-0939.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BATTLEFORD, Sask. — A Saskatchewan farmer who was acquitted last month in the fatal shooting of a young Indigenous man is to be back in court April 16 to face gun charges.
Gerald Stanley was charged in November 2016 with two counts of unsafe storage of firearms and his case was up Monday in a Battleford, Sask., courtroom.
The charges relate to the police investigation that began after 22-year-old Colten Boushie was shot and killed on Stanley's farm in August 2016.
Some of Boushie's family were outside court holding signs that read “Justice Against Institutional Racism” and “Blood On Your Hands.”
Stanley wasn't in court nor was his lawyer, Scott Spencer, who called in for the proceeding.
The Crown asked for more time in the case.
Penalties for unsafe storage of a firearm range from a conditional discharge — which means no criminal record — to a fine, to a prison sentence.
Last month, a jury found Stanley not guilty of second-degree murder in Boushie's death.
Boushie was one of five young people who drove onto Stanley's farm near Biggar in 2016. His friends testified they were looking for help with a flat tire.
Stanley told the trial he thought they were trying to steal an all-terrain vehicle. He testified he fired warning shots to scare them away and the gun accidentally went off again when he went to pull the keys from their SUV.
(CTV Saskatoon, The Canadian Press)
PACIFIC PALISADES – His first golf club came from a tree limb. It helped that his father was a woodcutter.
Torakichi (Pete) Nakamura kept whittling down his own scores until he became Japan's finest player.
But when the 1957 Canada Cup came to Kasumigaseki Golf Club, Nakamura and Koichi Ono were supposed to be the servile hosts. The U.S. brought Sam Snead and Jimmy Demaret, Australia brought Bruce Crampton and Peter Thomson, and South Africa teamed young phenom Gary Player with Harold Henning.
Instead, Nakamura and Ono won the tournament. Won it laughing, by nine strokes over the Americans. Nakamura shot 14 under par by himself. Player called him “the putting God.”
Herbert Warren Wind, writing in Sports Illustrated, compared it to the 1913 U.S. Open at Brookline, when teenager Francis Ouimet dropped in from nowhere and beat the renowned Harry Vardon and Ted Ray.
The Japanese picked up clubs, and not off trees. Golf had finally circled the globe.
They were spectacular golf consumers in the 1980s, when their economy ran hot. Nowadays there are lots of abandoned courses that are being converted into wind farms or solar energy facilities. The prominent Japanese pros have never won a major championship. In this decade, players from 12 different nations have.
Hideki Matsuyama approaches that void. Ten days short of his 25th birthday, he has won decisively and often.
Las Vegas bookmakers rank Matsuyama a 10-1 shot to win the Masters. Only Jordan Spieth has shorter odds. Matsuyama is ranked No. 5 in the world and can go to No. 1 if he wins the Genesis Open at Riviera this week, depending on current No. 1 Jason Day and Dustin Johnson.
“It's always been one of my goals,” Matsuyama said Tuesday, through interpreter Bob Turner. “As far as realizing if I'm one of the top players, maybe it hasn't happened yet. I just keep grinding and practicing and playing hard.”
Last year, Matsuyama was seventh in the Masters, fourth in the PGA and fifth at the Tour Championship. That was mere prelude. He won four of his next five events, including the WGC event at Shanghai, and finished second in the other.
Ten days ago, he won in a playoff at Phoenix, as he did in 2016. In his honor, the NFL staged a big football game immediately afterward.
Matsuyama also has won the Memorial Tournament. When he was 19 he won the Taiheiyo Masters as an amateur, and twice won the Asian Amateur, which earned him invitations to the Masters. “That's kind of what made it possible for me to be where I am today,” Matsuyama said.
“Hideki is one of the guys who go under the radar, really,” Day said. “Nobody thinks about him too much and he's always there. I've always thought he would be a dominant player. To be honest, he's just as good as anyone else.”
All those wins and tributes have helped Matsuyama gain identity. He is dreadfully slow, and when he got angry at Doral and defaced the green by slamming his putter, Ian Poulter called him an “idiot,” via Twitter. Matsuyama apologized comprehensively. He even brought it up, unsolicited, on Tuesday.
He also is known for letting one hand go on the follow-through and gesturing sadly, as if he'd hit the ball into a neighboring county. Then the camera watches it plop down 15 feet from the cup.
“Sometimes how you're playing, and the results, don't coincide,” he said, smiling. “When I do a one-handed finish, sometimes it's a missed shot.”
He has impressed everyone with his mental steel. The DUI candidates in the Phoenix galleries were not rooting for him this year or last. In 2016 he came from behind to tie and then beat the beloved Rickie Fowler. This year, the yokels repeatedly made noise during his backswing as he was catching Ben An and then beating Webb Simpson.
Ryo Ishikawa was supposed to be the Japanese savior. He won a Japan Tour event at 15 and turned pro at 19. He has flamed out, at least temporarily. Matsuyama played college golf as long as he could – his campus in Sendai was damaged by the 2011 earthquake – and then joined the U.S. Tour as soon as he could. Those two moves, unusual for a Japanese player, have made a difference.
In 2020, the Olympics come to Tokyo. Kasumigaseki is the proposed golf venue, but the Japan Golf Council recommends otherwise because the club has no female members. That's a shame, because Matsuyama won an Asian Amateur and a Japanese Junior there. It also might be the place to rekindle history, without the surprise.
Contact the writer: mwhicker@scng.com
(Reuters) - Wall Street was lower on Friday as energy shares dropped sharply and added to the dour mood set by the first decline in U.S. nonfarm jobs in seven years.
The Labor Department's closely watched employment report showed nonfarm payrolls fell by 33,000 in September as Hurricanes Harvey and Irma left displaced workers temporarily unemployed and delayed hiring.
However, a bright spot was the better-than-expected rise in average wages, up 0.5 percent, compared with a 0.3 percent increase estimated by economists polled by Thomson Reuters.
The gain was the largest since December 2016, helping lift the dollar to a 12-week high.
"I think most people realized going in that the headline numbers would be distorted because of the storms, but the surprise was the average hourly earnings," said Win Thin, global head of emerging markets currency strategy, Brown Brothers Harriman in New York.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
S&P energy index declined about 1 percent as oil prices looked set to end a five-week bull run amid a bout of profit taking and the return of oversupply worries. [O/R]
The Ontario University Athletics (OUA) figure skating and men's fencing seasons wrap up this week with championships for both sports taking place in Niagara.
Final day of the two-day figure skating championship goes today from 8 a.m. until 3:50 p.m. at Gale Centre in Niagara Falls. Tickets are $5 at the door while children, youth and Brock students get in free.
The host Brock Badgers hope the home crowd can help lift them to a podium finish this week. Earlier this season, at the Queen's Invitational in Kingston, the Badgers finished second overall thanks to three gold medal-winning performances: Katie Desveaux, North York; won gold in the open solo dance, while Sydney Vanderveen, Belleville; finished first in the novice short program.
Desveaux also combined with Laura Holbrough, Ilderton, to capture gold in the open short dance.
The Badgers are coming off a third-place finish at the OUA Winter Invitational, where just three points separated them from the gold medal-winning Varsity Blues. Desveaux and Vanderveen both won gold in their events, while Lauren Collins, Minesing; and Kristen Dortono, Niagara-on-the-Lake; finished first in the senior silver similar dance event.
En garde!
On Saturday and Sunday, the men's fencing OUA Championships will be held in Ian Beddis Gymnasium at Brock University. The Brock men will be led by Logan Wilford, Ajax; and Malcolm McLeod, Beamsville; who both medalled earlier this season.
Swept away to Oshawa
Both the Brock Badgers men's and women's varsity curling teams are off to OUA championships running Thursday until Monday in Oshawa. The championships are being hosted by University of Ontario Institute of Technology.
The Brock men's team rink won the Brock Invitation tournament at St. Catharines Curling Club Jan. 21-22.
Hockey playoffs open
In men's hockey, the Badgers head to Guelph on Thursday night to play the Gryphons in Game 1 of their best-of-three first-round playoff series.
A fan bus is headed to the away game to cheer on the Brock squad.
Game 2 is back in St. Catharines at Seymour-Hannah Arena Saturday at 7:15 p.m. If necessary, Game 3 is back in Guelph Sunday night.
The women's hockey playoff picture is yet to be determined with Brock playing at Queen's Friday at noon and at University of Toronto Saturday at 7 p.m. in the final two regular season games of the year.
V-ball on tap
The regular season in university volleyball is still in full swing.
Next up for the Badgers is a doubleheader on their home court Saturday versus the McMaster Marauders.
Action at Bob Davis Gymnasium gets underway 6 p.m. with the women's game. The men take the floor about two hours later.
By The Associated Press
BOYS BASKETBALL
Adair Co. 88, Campbellsville 75
Allen Co.-Scottsville 63, Monroe Co. 60
Anderson Co. 77, St. Patrick 44
Apollo 59, Owensboro 55
Augusta 76, Ripley-Union-Lewis-Huntington, Ohio 64
Bardstown 78, Nelson Co. 68
Belfry 75, Piarist 12
Bell Co. 48, Middlesboro 38
Bellevue 55, Villa Madonna 49, OT
Bethlehem 65, Thomas Nelson 58
Betsy Layne 64, Prestonsburg 61
Boyd Co. 81, Fairview 53
Boyle Co. 64, Danville 48
Bullitt Central 55, Western Hills 52
Bullitt East 90, Lou. Christian Academy 61
Calvary Christian 73, Dayton 59
Carlisle Co. 73, Fulton City 50
Casey Co. 57, Woodford Co. 56
Caverna 82, Metcalfe Co. 63
Clinton Co. 80, Madison Southern 65
Corbin 67, Whitley Co. 44
Cov. Catholic 79, Beechwood 43
Dixie Heights 73, Ludlow 50
Elizabethtown 81, Fort Knox 45
Estill Co. 53, Powell Co. 43
Fleming Co. 72, Harrison Co. 64
Floyd Central 74, Lawrence Co. 69
Fulton Co. 71, Hickman Co. 54
Garrard Co. 62, Lincoln Co. 57
George Rogers Clark 78, Mason Co. 45
Graves Co. 60, Marshall Co. 55, OT
Grayson Co. 62, Edmonson Co. 61, OT
Greenwood 69, South Warren 60
Harlan Co. 72, Harlan 51
Heritage Christian Academy 69, Silver Grove 42
Jackson Co. 59, Clay Co. 58
John Hardin 74, Taylor Co. 59
Knox Central 78, Frederick Douglass 70
LaRue Co. 58, Green Co. 39
Lex. Bryan Station 79, Frankfort 58
Lex. Christian 71, Lex. Lafayette 56
Lex. Paul Dunbar 61, Lex. Tates Creek 42
Lou. Ballard 87, Lou. Shawnee 38
Lou. Butler 50, Lou. Pleasure Ridge Park 49
Lou. Collegiate 55, Lou. Ky. Country Day 52
Lou. DeSales 62, Lou. Iroquois 59
Lou. Fairdale 63, North Bullitt 60
Lou. Fern Creek 72, Lou. Southern 36
Lou. Holy Cross 91, Beth Haven 33
Lou. Jeffersontown 87, Evangel Christian 39
Lou. Male 63, Lou. Eastern 52
Lou. Portland Christian 69, Lou. Brown 62
Lou. St. Francis 84, Cov. Latin 13
Lou. St. Xavier 66, Collins 58
Lynn Camp 61, Barbourville 57
Madisonville-North Hopkins 69, Caldwell Co. 57
Mayfield 79, Ballard Memorial 64
Meade Co. 92, Frederick Fraize 26
Morgan Co. 64, Elliott Co. 44
Muhlenberg County 72, McLean Co. 62
Murray 50, Calloway Co. 46
Newport 84, Breathitt Co. 75
North Hardin 71, Lou. Western 59
North Oldham 70, Carroll Co. 65
Ohio Co. 79, Breckinridge Co. 75
Oldham Co. 86, Simon Kenton 79
Owensboro Catholic 38, Daviess Co. 37
Paducah Tilghman 72, St. Mary 39
Paris 73, Montgomery Co. 56
Pendleton Co. 80, Bracken Co. 49
Russell 55, Lewis Co. 47
Russellville 71, Franklin-Simpson 68
Scott Co. 73, Lex. Henry Clay 65
Shelby Co. 67, Central Hardin 57
Somerset 79, Pulaski Co. 63
South Laurel 68, North Laurel 59
South Oldham 81, Lou. DuPont Manual 74
Southwestern 86, Russell Co. 55
Spencer Co. 75, Henry Co. 56
St. Henry 59, Lloyd Memorial 58
Todd Co. Central 68, Crittenden Co. 50
Union Co. 53, Webster Co. 45
Walton-Verona 79, Grant Co. 51
Warren Central 68, Warren East 42
Washington Co. 64, Cumberland Co. 53
Wayne Co. 57, McCreary Central 56
West Jessamine 78, East Jessamine 55
Whitefield Academy 80, Model 70
Williamsburg 67, Rockcastle Co. 50
Bowling Green Tournament
University Heights 83, Bowling Green 75
POSTPONEMENTS AND CANCELLATIONS
Menifee Co. vs. Robertson County, cc'd.
Whitesville Trinity vs. Butler Co., ppd. to Feb 3.
Scott Blank Classic
Leslie Co. vs. Buckhorn, cc'd.
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Anderson Co. 53, Lex. Tates Creek 20
Apollo 57, Owensboro 49
Ballard Memorial 48, Mayfield 41
Belfry 69, Piarist 22
Bethlehem 66, Thomas Nelson 44
Betsy Layne 64, Prestonsburg 60
Bishop Brossart 49, Dayton 33
Boyd Co. 81, Fairview 29
Boyle Co. 57, Danville 44
Campbellsville 64, Adair Co. 51
Casey Co. 74, Woodford Co. 16
Christian Co. 60, Hopkinsville 45
Community Christian (Paducah) 47, Christian Fellowship 20
Conner 51, Lex. Lafayette 36
Dawson Springs 62, Fort Campbell 16
East Carter 55, West Carter 52, OT
Edmonson Co. 51, Grayson Co. 28
Elizabethtown 82, Fort Knox 18
Estill Co. 64, Powell Co. 54
Franklin Co. 62, Bullitt East 49
George Rogers Clark 59, Scott 48
Graves Co. 58, Marshall Co. 27
Green Co. 57, LaRue Co. 54
Harlan Co. 67, Harlan 43
Henderson Co. 58, Hopkins Co. Central 26
Henry Co. 52, Williamstown 48
Highlands 54, Dixie Heights 51
John Hardin 72, Central Hardin 53
Johnson Central 67, Magoffin Co. 41
Knott Co. Central 67, Letcher County Central 52
Lawrence Co. 53, Floyd Central 47
Lex. Henry Clay 61, Lex. Paul Dunbar 55
Lexington Catholic 42, Lex. Christian 20
Lincoln Co. 57, Garrard Co. 28
Logan Co. 58, Clarksville NE, Tenn. 30
Lou. Ballard 64, Lou. Shawnee 5
Lou. Brown 58, Lou. Portland Christian 13
Lou. Butler 63, Lou. Pleasure Ridge Park 34
Lou. Christian Academy 74, Lou. Holy Cross 45
Lou. Collegiate 55, Lou. Ky. Country Day 48
Lou. DuPont Manual 52, Lou. Assumption 38
Lou. Eastern 67, Lou. Male 63
Lou. Fern Creek 87, Lou. Southern 20
Lou. Jeffersontown 64, Bourbon Co. 35
Lou. Mercy 60, Southwestern 44
Lou. Presentation 45, Beechwood 20
Lou. Sacred Heart 59, Campbell Co. 58
Lou. St. Francis 69, Cov. Latin 16
Lou. Waggener 42, Lou. Seneca 23
Madisonville-North Hopkins 52, Caldwell Co. 34
Marion Co. 48, Taylor Co. 42
Mason Co. 46, St. Henry 43
Meade Co. 78, Frederick Fraize 24
Muhlenberg County 62, McLean Co. 44
Murray 72, Calloway Co. 45
Nelson Co. 67, Bardstown 64
North Bullitt 77, Lou. Fairdale 25
North Hardin 54, Lou. Moore 52
North Oldham 58, Trimble Co. 33
Owen Co. 58, Shelby Co. 45
Owensboro Catholic 62, Daviess Co. 38
Paducah Tilghman 59, St. Mary 31
Paris 50, Montgomery Co. 44
Phelps 54, Oneida Baptist 22
Riverside Christian 39, Cordia 28
Rowan Co. 67, Bath Co. 29
Russell 62, Greenup Co. 37
Ryle 81, Cooper 49
Scott Co. 75, Boone Co. 48
Somerset 64, Pulaski Co. 46
South Warren 73, Greenwood 46
Spencer Co. 47, Collins 39
St. Patrick 42, Burgin 28
Warren East 57, Warren Central 51
Washington Co. 41, Cumberland Co. 23
Wayne Co. 35, Clinton Co. 24
Webster Co. 68, Union Co. 37
West Jessamine 66, East Jessamine 57
Western Hills 71, Bullitt Central 45
Whitefield Academy 71, Model 32
Whitley Co. 53, Corbin 39
Williamsburg 54, Barbourville 48
Wolfe Co. 63, Jackson City 44
Scott Blank Classic
Hazard 68, Buckhorn 46
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--Infiniti Research, a global market and customer intelligence solutions provider, has announced the completion of their new market assessment study on the green packaging industry. A well-renown green packaging manufacturer wanted to determine consumers' preferences and boost the overall awareness of their products.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005120/en/
Market Assessment Study on the Green Packaging Market Assessing Sustainability Challenges in Expanding Product Offerings to Niche Target Regions. (Graphic: Business Wire)
According to the experts at Infiniti, “Sustainability is an important and fast-growing area of concern for packaging companies as it addresses environmental, social, and economic challenges.”
to see how Infiniti Research's solutions can help you.
In the current competitive business environment, organizations in the global packaging industry are being broadly analyzed along the entire supply network, beginning from raw material processing to end-of-life processes. Therefore, there have been important advances in sustainability, which has later posed major challenges due to the difficulty of interactions between packaging and the packaged products and the various functions performed by them. The growing trend towards sustainability and the adoption of green packaging solutions has greatly influenced manufacturers in the packaging industry.
The market assessment solution presented by Infiniti helped the client to find out all market opportunities whilst effectively tackling sustainability issues. The client was able to extract other information including trends, growth, opportunities, risks, and key players in the market.
This market assessment solution provided benefits that helped the client to:
Develop an action plan for addressing the issues identified Gain a holistic view of the risks and opportunities in the packaging industry To know more about our market assessment solution,
This market assessment solution provided predictive insights on:
Expanding their product offerings to niche target segments Identifying new market opportunities To read more about the scope of our engagement,
View the complete market assessment study here:
About Infiniti Research
Established in 2003, Infiniti Research is a leading market intelligence company providing smart solutions to address your business challenges. Infiniti Research studies markets in more than 100 countries to help analyze competitive activity, see beyond market disruptions, and develop intelligent business strategies.
With 15+ years of experience and offices across three continents, Infiniti Research has been instrumental in providing a complete range of competitive intelligence, strategy, and research services for over 550 companies across the globe.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005120/en/
CONTACT: Infiniti Research
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 844 778 0600
UK: +44 203 893 3400
hello@infinitiresearch.com
https://www.infinitiresearch.com/contact-us
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING PACKAGING ENVIRONMENT
SOURCE: Infiniti Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 08:03 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 08:03 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005120/en
You have, as of today, a one hundred per cent chance of dying. But a lot of people would like a little more time to do things, like eat interestingly-shaped pastas, or play catch with their grandchildren. That makes sense. I'd also like to do those things. But sometimes, our pursuit to eat lots of pasta or die trying leads some of us to make decisions that don't actually help—like taking alternative, instead of conventional, cancer treatments.
A team of Yale researchers had seen data about folks who opted for alternative medicine in lieu of the peer-reviewed stuff, but noticed there wasn't much research to actually compare the outcomes. The researchers found data on 280 patients who made the choice, and compared them to 560 relying on the usual treatments. Overall, those taking conventional treatments were more likely to survive the five years after treatment.
“Improved communication between patients and caregivers and greater scrutiny of the use of [alternative medicine] for the initial treatment of cancer is needed,” the study's authors wrote in the paper published last week in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute.
The researchers sifted through the United States' National Cancer Database to find folks who opted for at-home cancer treatments from non-medical professionals and refused the conventional treatment for four cancers: breast, prostate, lung and colorectal. They also found matching cases to compare, based on diagnosis, race, insurance type, cancer type, and when they were diagnosed. After crunching the numbers, the researchers found that those who opted for alternative medicine treatments alone were more than twice as likely to be dead before the end of the follow-up period.
These results held for colorectal, lung and especially breast cancer, where over 75 per cent of patients receiving standard medical treatment were alive after 5 years, but more like a third of those who opted solely for alternative treatments made it that far. The results were unclear for prostate cancer, which was unsurprising as the disease tends to progress more slowly, write the study authors.
This study isn't perfect, of course—the whole thing is based on observational data, not patients recruited and closely watched. The team didn't know exactly what alternative treatments the folks took, and there were several other sources of bias. The survival rates of those taking alternative treatments could be too high, since those turning away from conventional medicine tended to skew younger and wealthier.
Before you get upset, please realise that this study is only focusing on those who opted solely for alternative treatments, not those who supplemented their cancer treatment with other things. Of course, there are problems with the way cancer is treated today, cancer is terrible, no one wants to die. We all want to try anything that will help. There's no problem with that.
Foregoing the actual treatment for a disease in favour of a treatment not proven to work, though, will only lead to heartbreak. [JNCI]
More Science Posts:
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. — The Latest on a pileup on a highway in Southern California's Cajon Pass (all times local):
2:19 p.m.
The southbound lanes of Interstate 15 in Southern California's Cajon (kuh-HOHN') Pass have reopened after a pileup in fog that injured 17 people.
California Department of Transportation district spokeswoman Terri Kasinga says the interstate reopened shortly before 1:30 p.m. Wednesday but conditions remain foggy.
As many as 20 vehicles collided around 11 a.m. in the southbound lanes of the high pass through mountains about 60 miles (97 kilometres) east of Los Angeles.
All but two of the injuries were considered minor.
——
12:09 p.m.
Multiple vehicles have collided in dense fog on Interstate 15 in Cajon (kuh-HOHN') Pass about 60 miles (97 kilometres) east of Los Angeles and initial reports say at least 17 people have been hurt.
California Department of Transportation district spokeswoman Terri Kasinga says the number of vehicles in the pileup late Wednesday morning is unknown but may involve as many as 20.
The San Bernardino County Fire Department tweets that two patients were transported immediately and 15 others had minor injuries. Numerous drivers and vehicle occupants declined treatment.
The pass runs between the San Bernardino and San Gabriel Mountains and rises to an elevation of nearly 3,800 feet (1,158 metres).
Southern California is experiencing a deep intrusion of marine air that has brought low clouds, fog and rain.
VANCOUVER — Renters in British Columbia no longer need to worry about their landlords hiking up rates to match high rents in hot neighbourhoods.
The NDP government announced it's closing another loophole in residential tenancy and manufactured home park tenancy regulations by eliminating a clause that permitted landlords to raise rates above the allowable rental increase limit to match rents within a geographic area.
Spencer Chandra Herbert, a New Democrat member of the B.C. legislature, said the change is part of an effort to provide the 1.5 million renters in the province with more security.
“Renters have been threatened with huge rent hikes under the existing rules — that's a scary situation for any renter,” he said in a news release.
The current allowable rent increase is set at four per cent but the clause allowed landlords to raise rents at significantly higher rates to match neighbouring prices.
Andrew Sakamoto, executive director of the Tenant Resource and Advisory Centre, said some landlords took advantage of the clause to “bully” tenants into agreeing to rent increases.
“A landlord will go to a senior and say, ‘You know what, the law allows me to apply for this 50 per cent geographic increase but I'm a nice guy, I'll let you sign for a 30 per cent rent increase and we won't have to go through the whole process. I'll give you a break,”‘ he said. “These often disadvantaged tenants won't know any better and they'll sign the agreement and accept or consent to a 30 per cent increase.”
Sakamoto said the move to eliminate the clause compliments changes announced earlier this year to slow skyrocketing rental rates.
The government said in October that it would eliminate vacate clauses and restrict rent increases between fixed-term tenancy agreements. Landlords could previously abuse the clauses to force out tenants at the end of a lease and hike up rents for new agreements.
Sakamoto said the changes will have a significant impact for renters in competitive markets like Vancouver where the vacancy rate hovers near zero.
He adds more changes are needed to improve housing security and affordability for renters. The centre is advocating for greater penalties against landlords who evict tenants for renovations and fail to follow through on the work.
Sakamoto said the burden for reporting that the reason for the eviction was honoured should no longer be on the tenant who is seeking compensation if they were wrongfully evicted.
“It's often challenging, right. You don't live in the unit any more, it's hard to gather evidence of what's going on in there. So we'd like to flip that burden and see the landlords have to prove to an arbitrator that they did follow through,” he said.
The elimination of to vacate and geographic clauses and limitation on rent increases take effect Monday.
–Follow @Givetash on Twitter
Tesla CEO Elon Musk, seen in July 2017, said the introduction of the announced that the introduction of the company's electric transport truck will be pushed by back more than three weeks (AFP Photo/Brendan Smialowski)
Washington (AFP) - Tesla said Friday it was delaying the planned launch of its electric transport truck, diverting resources to step up production of its Model 3 sedan and to produce batteries for storm-ravaged Puerto Rico.
The electric carmaker's chief executive Elon Musk announced the news on Twitter, pushing back the launch of its semi-truck which had been set to be unveiled October 26 in California.
The news comes after a slower-than-expected debut for Tesla's Model 3, the $35,000 sedan -- half the price of earlier models -- which aims to bring electric vehicles to a broader market.
The company said earlier this week it had received some 450,000 pre-orders for the Model 3 but that production has been hobbled by a bottleneck in "manufacturing subsystems."
"Tesla Semi unveil now Nov 16," Musk tweeted Friday.
"Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks & increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas."
In a series of exchanges on Twitter Thursday and Friday, Musk said the company could help restore electricity to Puerto Rico -- whose power system was decimated by Hurricane Maria -- by using solar panels and batteries.
Responding to a tweet asking if Tesla could help, Musk answered: "The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too."
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rosello joined the conversation, tweeting to Musk: "Let's talk. Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your #TeslaTechnologies? PR could be that flagship project."
Musk then responded: "I would be happy to talk. Hopefully, Tesla can be helpful."
Tesla and Musk have for years been seeking to push the auto industry to electric to reduce the use of fossil fuels, and more recently have introduced residential and commercial solar batteries which can operate off the electric power grid.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mother-of-two who lost four stone and beat depression and anxiety has been chosen as the face of Weight Watchers' new TV advert.
Rachel Fisher, 36, will star alongside her children Imogen and Noah, and family dog Florrie, in the group's autumn campaign, with the first advert to be aired at prime time on August 27.
Rachel, from Huntington, originally joined her local Weight Watchers group in 2011 and successfully reached her target weight of 9 stone 3lbs. However, after losing her job in a bank in 2014, she began to suffer with anxiety and depression and re-gained two stone.
(Image: UGC TCH)
Despite this setback Rachel decided to apply to be a Weight Watcher leader and use her journey to inspire others - and she's never looked back.
“My daughter said to me recently ‘Mummy, you get paid to make people smile', and that's exactly how I feel about it. Seeing people after they've reached their goal or lost a stone is such a pleasure because I know first-hand how it's going to change their lives,” said Rachel, who now runs six meetings across Chester, Wirral and Shropshire.
Spurred on by once again reaching her target weight and seeing the positive impact on not only her own mental well-being but also the difference it made to family life, single mother Rachel applied to take part in Weight Watchers' new campaign.
(Image: UGC TCH)
She said: “I originally sent off a video audition describing what Weight Watchers meant to me. I didn't expect to hear anything but was delighted to be invited to the next stage of auditions at Manchester Malmaison and couldn't believe it when I was picked!”
The new campaign focuses on how the group's meal plans and tips can be easily adapted to suit family life so Imogen, 11, and Noah, eight, who both attend Oldfield Primary School, were invited to take part in filming, which took place on July 12 on Talacre beach.
Rachel said: “They were both so excited, although I'm not sure they realised quite how much waiting around there would be! We were sat on the beach holding fish and chips, with Florrie the dog, for hours. It was also 23 degrees but we were dressed in wellies and jumpers to reflect the time of year the ad is going out, but it was all a fantastic experience for them.
“We all had our hair and make up done and Noah in particular was really excited about how the film crew worked. It was a great day.”
(Image: ugc)
The family is eagerly awaiting their TV debut later in the month and will also be featured across the Weight Watchers' website, social media and training materials.
This latest milestone has helped Rachel reflect on how far she's come.
She added: “What I've gained the most is confidence, I feel like I've got my old self back. I was always confident and was never one to shy away from an opportunity but as the weight piled on I started to lose that, and then began to suffer with anxiety. I became a shell of my former self.
(Image: ugc)
“You always want to be the best version of yourself for your childrem and for them to be the best they can be. I used to worry about doing things like go swimming with my daughter because I thought everyone would be looking at me but now I have the confidence to do anything they want to do.
“I think it's especially important when you have a daughter that you are encouraging to have a healthy relationship with food and for them to not be afraid to do anything.”
A 45-year-old policeman who previously had been suspected of indecent assault against minors was arrested Tuesday on suspicion of indecent assault against a 6-year-old girl. The policeman is suspected of exposing himself to the girl while he was visiting friends.
The girl told her parents, who reported the allegations to the Justice Ministry's department for the investigation of police officers. A court ordered him detained until Sunday.
Five years ago the department investigated a similar complaint against him, in which he was suspected of exposing himself to two minors while on duty. The policeman was suspended for seven months but the case was closed for lack of evidence. He was, however, transferred from community policing to manning a hotline.
Police said, “We're talking about a serious and unusual incident and the Israel Police will help the department for the investigation of police officers in any way to get to the truth. It goes without saying that the Israel Police rejects criminal behavior of any kind, let alone suspicions of this sort.”
(AP Photo/Kelvin Kuo). Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Nick Foles, right, greets Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff after the Eagles win during an NFL football game Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Los Angeles.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz, right, is tackled by Los Angeles Rams linebacker Samson Ebukam (50) and inside linebacker Bryce Hager during the second half of an NFL football game Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Los...
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz gets tackles during the second half of an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Rams Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Los Angeles. Wentz left the game shortly after the play and did ...
By ROB MAADDI
AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Carson Wentz threw a touchdown pass a few plays after suffering an injury that could ruin a special season for the Philadelphia Eagles, and then stuck around to greet teammates and celebrate a division-clinching victory with them.
It's always team-first for No. 11.
Two sources familiar with the injury told The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz tore his left anterior cruciate ligament in a 43-35 comeback win over the Rams on Sunday and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, will have an MRI on Monday to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
After the game, Wentz's left knee was wrapped in a brace. He was driven in a cart up the tunnel at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and then hobbled to one of the team buses.
"I don't know anything until we evaluate him (Monday)," Eagles coach Doug Pederson said.
Wentz wrote on Twitter: "NFC East Champs! So proud of the resiliency of this team. Such a special group of men. And I greatly appreciate all the prayers! I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan. Time to just lean in to him and trust whatever the circumstances! #Proverbs3:5-6"
Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a win that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
"Everyone is really excited about the win but you have your starting quarterback go down, it's emotional," Foles said. "It's emotional for me. I work with him every day so I'm dealing with that."
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special-teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
But they're not the franchise quarterback.
"It (stinks) more so for Carson as a person and a friend and a teammate and what he puts into the game and his preparation," safety Malcolm Jenkins said. "But as a team we have all our goals in front of us."
Wentz is the latest NFL star to go down in a season in which several high-profile players have been sidelined. Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman and safety Kam Chancellor, Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt and quarterback Deshaun Watson, Giants receivers Odell Beckham Jr. and Brandon Marshall, Chiefs safety Eric Berry, Browns tackle Joe Thomas and Vikings running back Dalvin Cook and quarterback Sam Bradford each sustained season-ending injuries.
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Wentz made a giant leap this year. He passed for 3,296 yards, 33 TDs and only seven interceptions.
Wentz again was spectacular against the Rams before he got hurt after getting hit hard as he scrambled into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. He stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard TD pass to Alshon Jeffery on fourth down four plays later, setting the franchise record for most TD passes in a season.
"It shows how tough he is," Pederson said.
Foles replaced Wentz the next drive after the Rams took a 35-31 lead. He led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives. Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback.
Wentz arrived in Philadelphia as the No. 2 pick in the 2016 draft out of North Dakota State. On Sunday, he outperformed Rams quarterback Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in that draft.
Despite the injury, Wentz celebrated the victory over the Rams (9-4) with teammates.
"He's one of the leaders on the team. He was there congratulating and celebrating with everyone," Foles said.
Foles, a third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, is in his second stint in Philadelphia. He replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks. The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs. Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP.
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
"I'm absolutely ready to go - need be," Foles said. "I prepare every day."
___
AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Danny Dyer's daughter is officially entering the villa this year after her brief stint on Survival of the Fittest
Dani Dyer is one of the first girls entering the Love Island villa this year, and has a claim to fame you might be able to guess – but what else do we know about her?
Advertisement
Well much like her dad – EastEnders star Danny Dyer – the 21-year-old is an aspiring actress. Although Dani currently works at an Essex pub, she also has a few acting credits to her name, most notably having starred in the 2015 Martin Kemp thriller Age of Kill.
Just before she went into the villa, Dani told RadioTimes.com that at the end of the year she was even doing another film in 2018: “I did a first film We Still Kill the Old Way and we're doing the sequel. I was only 17! I just want to keep busy and take any opportunity now while I can.”
Dad Danny has already offered some advice before entering the villa, telling her “not be a melt around boys”.
Here's what else you need to know about Dani:
Where have I seen her before?
Earlier this year, Dyer took part in ITV2's Survival of the Fittest – the reality show that was dubbed ‘the winter Love Island'. She was forced to withdraw after just one day, however, after dislocating her shoulder when she fell headfirst down a waterslide during a challenge.
As she left the show, she said: “I hope this isn't the last you've seen of me.” Barring more accidents, it won't be.
What are Dani's hopes for Love Island?
Dani is looking for “someone really genuine” and hoping to escape the “mind games” that are always being played in the outside world.
In our interview with Dani before she went on Love Island, she said: “I personally would not have sex on TV. That is not a thing for me. On a personal level, it's just not something I'd do.
“On Survival, I said I wouldn't kiss anyone because it wasn't that sort of show. They called it the winter Love Island, but it was boys v girls with challenges. It was about if you were going to get with the enemy. I wasn't up for it back then, but I hadn't met anyone. Obviously with this, it is testing your dating abilities. If I like someone, of course I'm going to kiss him.”
She says that she's not very au fait with dating, have been in two serious relationships, and that she is worried she might be a bit “childish” in her approach. Her biggest concern about going into the villa is “the whole dating thing”.
“Dating has never been great for me. It's such a personal thing but you're doing it on national television. Falling for someone, not liking someone, letting someone's feelings down.”
Friendships, says Dani, are just as important to her in the villa as chasing boys. “I am a girly girl… If the situation arises when a new boy comes in, I won't be playing games,” she says.
“If a boy plays two of us off against each other, I will say, ‘You know what mate, leave it.' To me, I would rather be friends with the girls. I'm done with games, you do that enough on the outside.”
Who is Dani Dyer? Key facts:
Coupled up with: Jack Fincham
Twitter: @Dani_MasDyer
Instagram: @danidyerxx
Age: 21
Job: Barmaid and aspiring actress
Location: East London
Advertisement
Love Island begins on Monday 4th June at 9pm on ITV2
The inaugural Suffolk Trail Running Festival has been launched, with the organisers set to bring the county's first organised 24-hour run to the area.
Set for June 16 and 17, the Suffolk TrailFest incorporates races of 3km, 10km, and 12-hours, as well as the first ever organised 24-hour race to be held in the county.
The 24-hour event can be run solo or in teams and the 12-hour event as pairs or solo, with participants completing as many laps as possible of the five-mile course on organic farmland at Shimpling, between Sudbury and Bury St Edmunds.
The team behind the Suffolk Trail Running Festival is the same that put together 2017's Chadacre Challenge and is hoping to build on that success in the two-day event.
Co-organiser Kelly Pepper said: “Endurance races in the UK have enjoyed a boom in recent years.
“We thought it was about time Suffolk had its very own 24-hour challenge to add to the UK's running calendar.
“We have distances for all abilities and ages though, and even the 24-hour race need not be as daunting as it sounds.
“We are encouraging teams of runners to take it on together, running, walking or crawling their way through the weekend.
“The aim is to create a true festival feel around some fun races.”
The organisers are expecting around 300 runners in total for the weekend. As well as the races themselves, there will be camping, live music, face painting, marshmallow toasting and more.
The event will also be supporting St Nicholas Hospice Care, based in Bury St Edmunds, while all profits of the 3km race will go to Lawshall Pre-School.
Pepper's co-organiser, Katie Haselhurst, said: “This is something we have been planning for some time, and we are thrilled to officially launch it.
“We know there are a lot of eager runners in the region and the experience of the Chadacre Challenge last year proved just how much appetite for organised runs there is.
“We were keen to build on that to create an even bigger festival of running in Suffolk. Being able to host the county's first ever 24-hour race as part of the weekend will make it even more special.”
• The organisers are currently recruiting volunteer marshals. For more information, and to sign up for the event, visit the Suffolk TrailFest website www.suffolktrailfestival.co.uk or get in touch with the organisers by emailing info@suffolktrailfestival.co.uk
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Unlike in the United States, where far-right extremists are free to brandish the emblematic red flags emblazoned with the black swastika against a white circle, all Nazi symbols, including the stiff-armed “Hitler salute,” are banned in Germany and Austria. Anyone displaying them can be fined.
A 41-year-old American who gave the salute in a bar in Dresden on Saturday is under investigation for his actions, the police there said. The man, who was not identified in keeping with German privacy law, suffered light injuries in a scuffle that followed his gesture, the police said. His assailant could also face charges.
Despite having some of the world's strictest laws to limit far-right expression, Germany has struggled for decades with domestic neo-Nazi groups. Last year saw nearly 22,000 attacks motivated by far-right sentiment, a 42 percent increase from 2015, according to the domestic intelligence agency. Many of thos attacks targeted recently arrived refugees and their shelters or homes.
In London, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said the British government condemned “racism, hatred and violence” and singled out the far right for specific criticism. Her spokesman, James Slack, in a briefing to reporters, avoided any direct critique of Mr. Trump, and said that the president's comments were “a matter for” Mr. Trump alone.
Mrs. May, who is currently on vacation, has been accused by some critics of trying to ingratiate herself with Mr. Trump in the hope of building stronger trading ties with the United States after Britain's planned withdrawal from the European Union.
Italy's prime minister, Paolo Gentiloni, also denounced the violence in Virginia, writing on Twitter that such condemnation “unites all the world. Racist hate will not prevail.”
That followed a tweet from Pope Francis on Sunday, which many Vatican observers considered an allusion to the events in Charlottesville.
The developments in Virginia, and moves by some religious leaders in the United States to defend Mr. Trump, came amid a debate within the Roman Catholic Church about the role of religion in the country's polarized politics. Last month, an article by a Vatican-vetted journal accused ultraconservative American Catholics of joining with right-wing evangelicals in an alliance of “hate” to support Mr. Trump.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Marcelo Figueroa, an author of the essay and an Argentine Presbyterian minister close to Pope Frances, responded to a comment by Franklin Graham, the president of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, who cast “shame on the politicians who are trying to push blame” onto Mr. Trump. “For me. Sadness for the religious that attenuated responsibilities do not contribute to true peace,” Mr. Figueroa wrote on Twitter.
In China, where the government often highlights social tensions in the United States as a way of undermining democratic ideals, state-run news outlets prominently featured the violence in Charlottesville.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
One article proclaimed, “Fire and fury has erupted in America,” echoing a threat made by Mr. Trump against North Korea last week. Another article showed pictures of people holding torches under the words “Is this still America?”
With relations between the United States and China growing increasingly tense over issues like North Korea and trade, several commentators portrayed the Charlottesville episode as a sign of American chaos, contrasting it with the relative stability of China's tightly controlled society.
“The world's superpower is increasingly mired in chaos,” said an opinion piece in Global Times, a state-run publication that specializes in scathing critiques of the West. “The source of global instability may not be North Korea's nuclear ambitions nor Europe's refugee crisis, but the chaos in the U.S.”
The article added: “The power struggle in the 21st century is not entirely about technology, the military or economy. Social stability carries more weight.”
Although Mr. Trump was widely criticized in the United States for his reluctance to criticize white supremacists, Russian commentators seemed more forgiving.
In a segment on the Charlottesville episode, Rossiya-24, a state television channel, reported that while Mr. Trump was being blamed for the unrest, “the aggravation of the situation with rough justice by police against the black population” began under President Barack Obama.
Other outlets were more critical. Moskovsky Komsomolets, a Moscow-based tabloid, called Charlottesville “the capital of fascism” and speculated about “Why Trump is silent.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a Facebook post on Sunday, the Russian Embassy in Washington warned visitors not to travel to Charlottesville, citing “disturbances” in the area.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
PHOENIX — Arizona policymakers have yet to agree how to increase teacher pay or education funding ahead of a first-ever statewide walkout this week, prompting calls from Democrats and even one Republican to generate new tax revenue in the conservative state.
Republicans who control the state Legislature have yet to fully back Gov. Doug Ducey's plan for a 20 per cent teacher raise, which would cost $650 million by 2020. Many have shared concerns about the rosy revenue projections Ducey is using to cover the increase.
Teachers have protested for weeks and took a vote on whether to launch the first statewide strike after Ducey unveiled his plan, saying they're concerned it doesn't increase funding for classrooms and students.
With Ducey and legislative leaders meeting behind closed doors to negotiate a deal, Republican state Rep. Noel Campbell offered a plan for a sales tax increase. He said the three-year boost of 1 per cent would generate $1 billion annually.
Campbell said he's concerned the governor's proposal is too optimistic and believed the hike would bring in money to support all-day kindergarten, technical training and lower in-state tuition at public universities.
Most lawmakers agree higher pay and school funding is a good idea — the issue is how to fund them, he said. The governor and many Republicans have taken pledges against tax hikes.
“There's no way that we're going to get an income tax increase through this body, it's not gonna happen,” he said. “You have to make a choice here. Do you want to have a perfect bill that doesn't pass or do you want to have a good bill that might have some chance?”
The relative novelty of a Republican calling for a sales tax increase contrasts with Democrats warning against any such hike. They raised concerns about rural towns that already have 10 per cent sales tax rates.
“Another increase would unfairly put the burden on the poor and working class, who pay an inordinately larger share of their income on sales tax,” Senate Minority Leader Katie Hobbs said.
Instead, Democrats called for funding from new revenue streams, such as taxing new products or reversing income tax cuts on wealthy residents.
New dollars are necessary to meet a key demand: $1 billion to return school funding to levels seen before the Great Recession, said Joe Thomas, president of the Arizona Educators Association, the largest teacher membership group.
Ducey spokesman Daniel Scarpinato said the governor's plan goes a long way toward addressing classroom funding concerns. It includes $371 million phased in over five years that districts can decide where to direct — that money could be used for support staff raises or other needs, Scarpinato said.
“The only way to get back to 2008 levels is to continue driving up the dollars we put into education,” he said. “This is a big, sustained step toward the overall goal.”
The political dealing comes as some of the state's largest school districts plan to close Thursday and Friday due to striking teachers, who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S.
Over a dozen of Colorado school districts, including the 10 largest, also will shut down both days because of teacher protests. The two states are part of a movement that started in West Virginia, where a strike garnered a raise, and spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky and beyond.
In the run-up to Arizona's statewide strike, parents and community members have been supportive, said Melissa Girmscheid, a science teacher at Centennial High School in suburban Phoenix.
They're giving gift cards for support staffers who may not be paid, and some teens are volunteering to watch teachers' children so they can go to a rally Thursday, she said.
“We've had a lot of parents who've stepped up to the plate,” Girmscheid said.
Thomas, with the teachers association, said teachers were pushed to the drastic step.
“Every educator wishes this didn't have to happen,” Thomas said. “But nothing has worked. Phone calls, emails, letters, many rallies, days at the Capitol where we go down and bring 100 people. Nothing has worked. We have been absolutely ignored, and they're not going to be able to ignore us Thursday.”
PAYSON, Utah — The father of a boy who has Down syndrome is suing the Boys Scouts of America for blocking his son from becoming an Eagle scout and revoking his merit badges.
Logan Blythe has been a scout through the National Parks Council in Utah. His father, Chad, says the 15-year-old has advanced because the council has made accommodations when necessary.
He had planned to create kits for special-needs babies for his Eagle project when the family learned the national organization voided every merit badge he obtained.
The family sued the Boy Scouts and the Utah National Parks Council for “outrageous and reckless conduct.”
The Boy Scouts says it worked with the council and the Blythe family to offer “alternative merit badges” and a path to becoming an Eagle.
1 – Aidan Dudas, 17, is playing with Team Canada in the 2018 IIHF World U18 championships in Russia. The tournament runs until April 29.
2- Dudas is listed 68th overall in the NHL Central Scouting list.
3 – He was drafted by the Ontario Hockey League in 2016, joining the Owen Sound Attack.
4 – Aidan was part of Team Canada in the 2016 Youth Olympic Games in Lillehammer, Norway
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this April 6, 2017, file photo, Arizona state Sen. Debbie Lesko speaks in the Senate chambers in Phoenix. The sprawling suburbs west of Phoenix may put a brake on Democratic optimism following surprising special...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). In this April 10, 2018, photo, Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election Dr. Hiral Tipirneni, center, talks with supporters at a local restaurant in Sun City, Ariz. Tipirneni is runnin...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). In this Tuesday, April 10, 2018, photo, Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election Dr. Hiral Tipirneni talks with supporters at a local restaurant in Sun City, Ariz. Tipirneni is runnin...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File). FILE - In this April 10, 2018, file photo, Democratic candidate for the Arizona 8th Congressional District special election, Dr. Hiral Tipirneni, left, talks with a supporter at a local restaurant in Sun City, Ariz. T...
(AP Photo/Matt York, File). FILE - In this Jan. 27, 2018, file photo, former Arizona state Sen. Debbie Lesko speaks with a constituent during the meeting of the state committee of the Arizona Republican Party in Phoenix. Lesko is running against Hiral ...
By BOB CHRISTIE
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A Democratic newcomer is looking to pull off an upset victory for an open U.S. House seat in Arizona that has been held by Republicans since the early 1980s.
Hiral Tipirneni, an emergency room physician and a cancer research advocate, is hoping to replicate Democratic wins in Pennsylvania, Alabama and other states in a year where opposition to President Donald Trump's policies have boosted the party's chances in Republican strongholds.
Still, many observers in Arizona see Tipirneni's odds as slim against the Republican, former state Sen. Debbie Lesko. Trump won the district by 21 points in 2016.
Lesko and Tipirneni are competing in a special election to replace former Rep. Trent Franks in Arizona's 8th District, who resigned in December amid sexual misconduct allegations. Polls opened Tuesday morning in the district where many voters submitted early ballots.
Lesko represented parts of the district since 2009 and has an extremely strong base of support in a district Franks had locked up since 2003.
She's opposed to Tipirneni's push to expand government-run health care, backs the president's tax cuts and is pushing his border wall proposal.
"I support securing the border, and part of that is paying for and putting up a border wall where it makes sense," Lesko said. "She is totally opposed and is on record of opposing any money going toward the border wall. This is not what our constituents want."
Tipirneni is pushing a plan that would allow people under retirement age to opt in to Medicare coverage to provide new competition in health care markets, and opposes building a wall with Mexico while boosting enforcement through technology and drones and adding Border Patrol agents. She also said the fastest growing segment of immigrants in the U.S. illegally overstayed visas.
"To me a wall is not an answer, and quite frankly a lot of people have chimed in on a bi-partisan basis that a wall is not the answer," she said.
Tipirneni is seen as a fresh Democratic face with relatively moderate views that could get support during what could be developing as a wave year for the party. She says she's got a chance in a district that has seen a dearth of Democratic candidates for years as Franks was consistently re-elected with large majorities.
"I think there are a lot of recent elections to suggest that conventional wisdom doesn't necessarily apply," Tipirneni said. "There's a lot of enthusiasm in our base. We have a large chunk of independent voters that I think are very persuadable, and frankly there are Republicans who are feeling very disaffected."
The numbers are strongly in Lesko's favor - in the Feb. 27 primary, 2 out of 3 ballots were cast for a Republican. The district sprawling across western Phoenix suburbs includes some of the most conservative areas of the red state, including the retirement communities of Sun City and the Glendale home of former GOP Gov. Jan Brewer, who never lost an election and campaigned for Lesko in a 12-way GOP primary.
National Republican groups are spending big to back Lesko, pouring cash into the district for television and mail ads and phone calls to voters to ensure her victory. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy flew in for a fundraiser last week.
Lesko also said she welcomes the spending from national GOP organizations.
"Not only do I want to win, but I want to win by a lot so the Democrats can see that they don't have a chance in a red district," she said in a recent interview.
National Democratic groups haven't committed money to ads in the race, but in recent weeks, some progressive groups have been spending to back Tipirneni, and she has been running non-stop TV ads in the last week of the election.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Apple is making a push into original video content for Apple Music with Planet of the Apps and other shows. John Martellaro and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to look at how reality TV fits in with Apple's plans. They also look at the state of personal privacy with smart TVs and more.
Apple Music's Reality TV Plans - TMO Daily Observations 2017-02-14 Apple is making a push into original video content for Apple Music with Planet of the Apps and other shows. John Martellaro and Dave Hamilton...
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 9-1-2 8-9-1 5-3-1 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 12-5-0 6-7-1 5-3-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 12-5-3 4-6-0 5-4-2 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 10-5-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 29 11 11 7 29 80 91 6-4-3 5-7-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Florida 30 12 14 4 28 90 105 6-6-3 6-8-1 4-3-1 Detroit 30 11 13 6 28 81 99 5-6-5 6-7-1 3-7-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Winnipeg 31 18 8 5 41 107 87 11-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 9-6-2 7-4-1 4-1-2 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 10-4-0 7-9-1 4-8-0 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 8-3-2 7-8-1 4-5-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Anaheim 31 13 11 7 33 83 91 8-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Vancouver 31 14 13 4 32 82 90 5-6-3 9-7-1 3-5-0 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 8-5-1 6-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida 2, Detroit 1, OT
Winnipeg 5, Vancouver 1
Anaheim 3, Carolina 2
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
LISBON, Ohio (WYTV) – Law enforcement busted a home in Lisbon for drugs on Friday, according to a report.
The Columbiana County Drug Task Force and Sheriff's Office, along with Lisbon police, searched the house at 9375 State Route 45.
Inside, they found 11 grams of cocaine, a small amount of marijuana, over $350 cash, digital scales, drug paraphernalia and items used to package and sell drugs, according to the report.
Ronald Virden, 54, was arrested on a charge of drug paraphernalia. Brittany Robinson, 32, was arrested on a charge of drug abuse instruments.
After the drugs are tested in a lab, more charges could be filed.
There are more Pokémon
If you're a lapsed player, you'll find that there's a ton new Pokémon to catch. The current roster includes most, but not all of the Kanto (Red, Blue and Yellow), Johto (Silver, Gold and Crystal) and Hoenn (Ruby, Sapphire and Emerald) creatures. There's also Alolan Exeggutor, a Sun and Moon variant of the classic coconut tree Pokémon. That means if you step outside your front door, you're more likely to encounter critters that you haven't caught already. Catching doubles is still important — it's necessary to power up and evolve Pokémon — but the thrill of filling your Pokédex is hard to beat.
It's (probably) warm
It's the end of May! If you live in the northern hemisphere (sorry, Australia) that means summer is fast-approaching. Pokémon Go is a great excuse to get outside and exercise a little in the sunshine. If you have children, it's also a free way to keep them healthy and entertained during the summer months. You can play the game together and, if you're savvy, tie in some local history and geography lessons as you pass interesting PokéStops. All of my local PokéStops are newsagents and restaurants (come on Niantic, my town has an old wishing well...) but you might have better options.
Switch games are coming
Today, The Pokémon Company announced Let's Go, Pikachu and Let's Go, Eevee, for the Nintendo Switch. They're based on Pokémon Yellow, which means your chosen partner will hang out on your head or shoulder as you wander around. The catching system is similar to Pokémon Go, however, and there's also a co-op option that can be played with a separated set of Joy-Cons. You'll be able to transfer your Kanto creatures from Pokémon Go into the two games — so why not get a leg-up before their release in November? If you're really into the Switch titles, you can also order a Poké Ball Plus, which doubles as a Joy-Con and a Pokémon Go Plus accessory.
It's more stable
When Pokémon Go first launched, it was a bug-riddled mess. Niantic has continued to support the game, however, and subsequent updates have slowly improved the overall experience. The servers, meanwhile, have benefited from the gradual decline in active players. (We'll see how they fare during this year's live events, which include Pokémon Go Summer Tour 2018.) I'll be honest, though: Pokémon Go is still a huge battery drain, and small glitches are common on both Android and iOS. If you have a portable battery, though, and a smidge of patience it's perfectly playable.
There's more to do
There's more to Pokémon Go than catching monsters. If you're just starting out, it's best to focus on the daily Field Research missions. They're randomly allocated and retrieved by visiting any normal PokéStop. Complete them and you'll unlock different rewards including Pokéballs and TMs. While you're walking, you can also earn free Pokémon candy — the currency for powering up and evolving a Pokémon — by selecting a 'buddy.' There's also story-based Special Research, and an upgraded gym system if you're into competitive play. Finally, you can get involved in raid battles — both open and invite-only — to catch rare and powerful Pokémon.
Pokémon Go's real-world exploration and AR-infused catching isn't for everyone. If you were intrigued by the concept, though, and fell off the band wagon like me, there's never been a better time to reinstall the app.
What Osinbajo must do to prevent looming civil war – Doyin Okupe
Former aide to the immediate past administration of Goodluck Jonathan, Dr. Doyin Okupe has written an advisory letter to the Acting President of Nigeria, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. In the letter he entitled “The State of Our Divided Nation” and shared via his Facebook page, Okupe warned that the drum of war was sounding very loudly […]
What Osinbajo must do to prevent looming civil war – Doyin Okupe
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
On Tuesday, February 21st, Michael Milligan will bring his one-man show entitled, Mercy Killers, to the Culp Auditorium as part of the Mary B. Martin School of the Arts Spring Program. Anita DeAngelis joins us this morning to tell us more about this unique performance. For more, visit their website.
Advertisement
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Clayton Kershaw throws to an Arizona Diamondbacks batter during the first inning of Game 1 of the baseball team's National League Division Series in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017.
(AP Photo/Jae C. Hong). Arizona Diamondbacks stating pitcher Taijuan Walker throws to a Los Angeles Dodgers batter during first inning of Game 1 of a baseball National League Division Series in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017.
(AP Photo/Jae C. Hong). Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner, right, celebrates his three-run home run with manager Dave Roberts at the dugout during the first inning of Game 1 of the baseball team's National League Division Series against the Arizona Di...
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Clayton Kershaw throws to an Arizona Diamondbacks batter during first inning of Game 1 of a baseball National League Division Series in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner watches his three-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning of Game 1 of a baseball National League Division Series in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017.
By GREG BEACHAMAP Sports Writer
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Clayton Kershaw still hasn't figured out how to dominate in October. This time, he couldn't even keep the ball in the yard.
Justin Turner and the Los Angeles Dodgers made sure it hardly mattered in a strong postseason opener.
Turner homered and drove in five runs, Kershaw won despite giving up four homers and the Dodgers roared to a 9-5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night in their NL Division Series opener.
Turner hit a three-run homer and Yasiel Puig added an RBI double before Los Angeles made its first out against Arizona starter Taijuan Walker, who lasted just one inning in his playoff debut.
Turner added an RBI single in the fourth and another in the eighth. The red-bearded slugger tied a Dodgers record for most RBIs in a postseason game, sharing it with Pedro Guerrero and Davey Lopes.
A.J. Pollock, J.D. Martinez, Ketel Marte and Jeff Mathis homered off Kershaw, but Arizona's euphoria from its wild-card victory over Colorado was erased during a rough first inning in Chavez Ravine.
Game 2 is Saturday night, with Rich Hill facing Robbie Ray and the Diamondbacks in a matchup of left-handers.
Puig and Corey Seager both tripled and drove in two runs for the 104-win Dodgers, who beat their NL West rivals comfortably even while Kershaw added another weird chapter to his unimpressive playoff history.
The three-time Cy Young Award winner gave up only four hits in 6 1/3 innings, but still became the first pitcher in team history to yield four homers in a postseason game. He earned a playoff victory at Dodger Stadium for the first time in his career.
"He went and attacked," Turner said. "He's probably not going to be happy with it, but you give up four solo home runs with a lead like that, we'll take that any day."
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match his regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. He struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned his fifth victory in 15 postseason starts thanks to teammates who gave him a big cushion.
After leading the majors in wins and earning their fifth consecutive NL West crown, the Dodgers got off to an impressive offensive start in the latest pursuit of their first World Series trip since their 1988 championship. Los Angeles' first five batters reached base, punctuated by Turner's shot and Puig's line-drive double scoring rookie Cody Bellinger.
"Felt great to get Kersh a three-run lead in the first," Turner said.
Arizona ended a five-year playoff absence Wednesday with a rollicking 11-8 victory over Colorado. Manager Torey Lovullo described that wild-card game as "one of the most emotional days I've had in my career," but that tough game bit the Diamondbacks in Los Angeles when Walker needed 48 pitches to get out of the first inning.
Robbie Ray was supposed to start this series opener, but was pressed into relief against the Rockies when ace Zack Greinke faltered - and Walker couldn't come through in his place.
Zack Godley pitched five innings of relief, but Turner, Puig and Seager added RBIs in the fourth for a 7-1 lead.
Pollock made his postseason debut with two extra-base hits in the wild-card game, and he added a homer in the third inning for Arizona's first hit off Kershaw.
With back-to-back shots by Marte and Mathis in the seventh, Kershaw got chased and became just the eighth pitcher in major league history to give up four homers in a playoff game.
Seager added an RBI triple in the eighth, and Turner drove him home.
The Diamondbacks beat their division rivals six straight times down the stretch, and were one of two teams with a winning record against Los Angeles this season.
UP NEXT
Hill (12-8) allowed opponents to bat .203 in his first full Dodgers season, showing off veteran guile and pitch versatility while battling blisters. Ray is 3-0 with a 2.27 ERA in five starts against the Dodgers this season.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Results from the nationwide referendum showed that 66.4 percent of citizens opted to remove the Eighth Amendment from the constitution, while 33.6 percent voted to retain it. Turnout was 64.5 percent.
Voters inserted the original amendment in the constitution in 1983 by a margin of 2-1, and it “acknowledges the right to life of the unborn and, with due regard to the equal right to life of the mother, guarantees in its laws to respect, and, as far as practicable, by its laws to defend and vindicate that right.”
That text will now be deleted and replaced with an article stating that “provision may be made by law for the regulation of termination of pregnancy.”
Bishop Brendan Leahy of Limerick told Massgoers May 26 that the result “is deeply regrettable and chilling for those of us who voted ‘no.'”
He said “the final result of the referendum is the will of the majority of the people, though not all the people.”
“It is a vote, of course, that does not change our position. Our message is one of love: love for all, love for life, for those with us today, for those in the womb,” he said.
Referring to Pope Francis' Aug. 25-26 visit, Bishop Leahy said: “In August, we will unite as a family, to renew that sense of family when the World Meeting of Families comes here. We have the privilege of Pope Francis coming, and today I cannot think of his visit being more timely: to come here and remind us of the importance of family, of the love we have of family, of the reality that, yes, families get bruised sometimes, but they should never be broken.”
Minister for Health Simon Harris has said he would introduce legislation that would allow abortion on demand up to 12 weeks, up to 24 weeks on unspecified grounds for the health of the mother, and up to birth where the child is diagnosed with a life-limiting condition that means he or she may not live long after birth.
An exit poll conducted by the Ireland's national broadcaster RTE asked voters what motivated them to opt for either “yes” or “no.” Among “yes” voters, the most important issues were the right to choose (84 percent), the health or life of the woman (69 percent), and pregnancy as a result of rape (52 percent).
Among “no” voters, they cited the right to life of the unborn (76 percent), the right to live of those with Down syndrome or other disabilities (36 percent), and religious views (28 percent).
John McGuirk, spokesman for Save the Eighth, which campaigned for a “no” vote, described the outcome as “a tragedy of historic proportions.”
“The Eighth Amendment did not create a right to life for the unborn child — it merely acknowledged that such a right exists, has always existed and will always exist,” he said, insisting that “a wrong does not become right simply because a majority support it.”
“We are so proud of all of those who stood with us in this campaign — our supporters, our donors, our families and our loved ones,” he said. “This campaign took a huge personal toll on all of us who were involved, and we have been so grateful for their support.”
Insisting that pro-life campaigners will continue their efforts, McGuirk told Catholic News Service: “Shortly, legislation will be introduced that will allow babies to be killed in our country. We will oppose that legislation. If and when abortion clinics are opened in Ireland, because of the inability of the government to keep their promise about a (general-practitioner-led health) service, we will oppose that as well.
“Abortion was wrong yesterday. It remains wrong today. The constitution has changed, but the facts have not,” he said.
Ruth Cullen of the LoveBoth campaign insisted that the organization will try to ensure that the Irish prime minister, or Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is true to his pledge that the government will work to ensure that abortions are rare.
“We will hold the Taoiseach to his promise that repeal would only lead to abortion in very restrictive circumstances. He gave his word on this, now he must deliver on it. No doubt many people voted for repeal based on the Taoiseach's promises in this regard,” she said.
Commenting on the campaign, Cullen said: “We are immensely proud and grateful to all our volunteers throughout the country who worked tirelessly over recent months to ensure unborn babies would not be deprived of legal protections.
“The campaign to protect unborn babies will endure,” she said.
Eamonn Conway, a theologian at Mary Immaculate College in Limerick, told Catholic News Service he was “greatly saddened” by the result. However, he pointed out that “the truth is that the Irish Constitution merely recognized the right to life that is antecedent to all law. This most fundamental of all human rights is not extinguished or diminished because our constitution no longer acknowledges it. What is diminished is our constitution,” he said.
Conway said he believes “the task facing the Catholic Church now is to ensure that it makes every effort to accompany with the healing compassion of Christ everyone caught up in the tragic circumstances that surround an abortion … from grieving parents to medical practitioners.”
Archbishop Eamon Martin, primate of All-Ireland, was expected to address the referendum outcome during a homily at the country's national Marian shrine at Knock, County Mayo, May 27.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week's school shooting.
Players and coaches wore the "Noblesville strong" shirts throughout their workout. Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex.
Two people were injured in the shooting, including Jason Seaman, a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School. Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said he knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play.
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and his college number, 91, was on the shirts. Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State.
The team says proceeds from shirt sales will be donated to Seaman and Ella Whistler, who was injured.
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
* IMAX Theater at the Maritime Aquarium, 10 North Water St., Norwalk; daytime films, info., 203-852-0700 or maritimeaquarium.org: One exhibit and daytime IMAX movie included with paid aquarium adm: $22.95 for adults; $20.95 for youths (13-17) and seniors (65+); and $15.95 for children (3-12); free for kids under 3 and members. Backyard Wilderness and Pandas through June 30. Reservations: maritimeaquarium.org.
The Life and Gardens of Beatrix Farrand, June 3, 3 p.m., Mark Twain Library, 439 Redding Rd., Redding. The screening will include a talk with Emmy Award-winning filmmaker Karyl Evans. Free. Register online. Info: marktwainlibrary.org.
BEARTREK, June 3, 6 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. The documentary follows biologist Chris Morgan on an epic and entertaining journey to find the world's most elusive and endangered bears. Free. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
The Producers, June 3, 7 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $12.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Ciclismo Classico Bicycle Travel Film Festival, June 8, 8 p.m., The Palace Danbury, 165 Main St., Danbury. Tickets $20. Info: thepalacedanbury.com.
Bolshoi Ballet's Coppélia, June 10, 12:55 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $25. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, June 15, 7 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $25. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Monday Matinees, Stratford Library, 2203 Main St. Info: stratfordlibrary.org.
Avon Theatre Film Center, 272 Bedford St., Stamford; avontheatre.org, 203-967-3660; tickets $9-$12 nonmembers.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Demetrious Johnson chasing an unprecedented 11th title defense and a headline fight that could decide Conor McGregor's next opponent top a UFC 216 card set for Saturday in Las Vegas, an event playing out in a city still reeling from a mass shooting in which 58 people were killed and nearly 500 were injured.
The mixed-martial arts promotion has pledged $1 million to help victims and their families, UFC President Dana White said. The pay-per-view card is one of many events that quickly resumed in Las Vegas after the shooting on Sunday, including a major casino conference, magic shows and concerts and a Los Angeles Lakers practice game set for Sunday in the same T-Mobile Arena where UFC 216 will take place.
"I'd say to the people outside of Las Vegas: Don't be afraid to come here," White told TMZ as he pledged the donation.
The main event will be a contest for the interim lightweight title, as second-ranked Tony Ferguson (22-3) fights seventh-ranked Kevin Lee (16-2). Ferguson has a nine-fight win streak coming into the bout, and the winner could ultimately fight against megastar Conor McGregor to unify the belt.
Ferguson has already been arguing for that for the winner on Saturday, as McGregor mulls his return to MMA after a highly popular crossover boxing match against Floyd Mayweather in late August.
"The real righteous thing to do is to make sure the belts become unified," Ferguson said. "That's what really needs to happen."
Johnson, nicknamed "Mighty Mouse," is tied with MMA legend Anderson Silva with 10 consecutive title defenses, which Silva accomplished in the middleweight division. Johnson, 31, is considered by many to be the top pound-for-pound fighter in the sport, having not lost a fight in more than six years.
He is the only flyweight champion in UFC history, winning the inaugural title against Joseph Benavidez in 2012 as the promotion expanded weight divisions. Johnson has rarely been tested during this run and is a heavy favorite facing third-ranked flyweight Ray Borg (11-2).
The two were originally scheduled to fight at UFC 215 one month ago, but Borg fell ill shortly before the fight and withdrew. The fight was quickly rescheduled and added as the co-main event for this weekend.
"I'm happy the UFC got it rescheduled super-fast," Johnson said.
Johnson seems unfazed by the delay and said he thought Borg deserved the fight rather than a fill-in opponent on the original card.
"I mean, guys, it's only been four weeks and nothing's changed. He got sick and it happens," Johnson said.
Borg says he's confident even despite the delay and Johnson's formidable streak.
"Nothing has changed in my mind. My mind is still to go out there and win that belt," he said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sheridan Smith stars in a brand-new BBC drama about the disappearance of a young girl from The Moorside Estate in West Yorkshire, but just how accurate is the story this two-episode tale tells?
Who is Shannon Matthews and when did she go missing?
Shannon Matthews is a young English girl who became the focus of one of the biggest search efforts since the hunt for the Yorkshire Ripper.
In 2008, when she was just 9 years old, Shannon was reported missing by her mother, Karen, after she failed to return home from school on February 19th.
The last confirmed sighting of her was outside Westmoor Junior School, in Dewsbury, at 15:10 GMT.
Her disappearance gripped the nation and rewards of up to £50,000 were offered for her safe return as Karen pleaded for her to come home.
Who is Karen Matthews?
Shannon's mother was the one who made the 999 call and reported her missing.
She became the face of the campaign to bring her daughter home, making numerous pleas for her safe return.
Who is Julie Bushby?
Julie Bushby (played by Sheridan Smith) was a neighbour of the Matthews family who rallied the community together to search for the missing Shannon.
She was chair of the Moorside estate's tenants' association at the time.
Where is The Moorside?
The Moorside Estate is in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, located west of Wakefield, east of Huddersfield and south of Leeds.
How long was Shannon Matthews missing for and where was she found?
Shannon was missing for three weeks before she was found on March 14 2009.
She was discovered hidden inside the base of a divan bed at a house in Batley Carr, just about a mile from her family home.
The house she was found in belonged to her stepfather's uncle, Michael Donovan, and police soon established a link between Karen and the man who'd been holding her daughter.
Chelsea set to sign former Man City keeper Willy Caballero
Chelsea wants to sign recently released Manchester City goalkeeper Willy Caballero on a free transfer, according to ESPN.
The 35-year-old Argentine is leaving the Etihad Stadium at the end of his contract and is viewed by the Blues as a replacement for Asmir Begovic, who has been sold to Bournemouth.
That leaves Thibaut Courtois as the Premier League champions' undisputed first-choice keeper and 34-year-old Portugal international Eduardo, who recently signed a new one-year deal at Stamford Bridge, as the only other option.
If Caballero does join Antonio Conte's squad, it is likely he and Eduardo would compete for a place on the bench.
Caballero has been at City since 2014, when he arrived from Malaga in a £6m deal. He started his career in his homeland at Boca Juniors before moving to Spanish side Elche in 2004. He spent six seasons there ahead of his 2010 move to Malaga.
He made 47 appearances for City in his three seasons at the club, with 26 of those appearances coming last term.
Blackburn report
FULTON, Mo. (Oct. 5, 2017) – Blackburn was defeated on the volleyball court Wednesday evening by Westminster, Mo. 25-12, 25-11, 25-8 in SLIAC action.
Blackburn is 4-10, 2-6, while Westminster improved to 6-8, 5-1.
Kaitlyn Wiegand had a team-high five kills for the Beavers, while Jensen Ballinger added six assists. Alexis Dick had nine digs. Mt. Olive's Brianna Henke added a dig.
Teresa Becker had 22 assists and Natalie Needy nine kills for Westminster.
MacMurray def. Blackburn
Saturday, the Beavers lost in five to MacMurray 22-25, 25-22, 25-20, 18-25, 10-15.
Wiegand had 17 kills; Kendall Knop added 14 and Shelsie Timmermeier had 11.
Henke had three kills and two ace serves, along with two solo blocks.
Olivia Wall had 25 kills and 25 digs and Alexis Moore had 30 digs for the MacMurray squad.
Webster def. Blackburn
The Beavers also lost on Saturday to Webster 20-25, 12-25, 11-25, slipping to 4-12, 2-8 in conference play.
Wiegand had 10 kills; Jensen Ballinger added 15 assists and 13 digs and Knop had nine kills. Henke finished with two kills.
Men's Soccer
Blackburn College erupted for 13 goals Wednesday in a 13-1 win over Fairhaven Baptist at home.
The Beavers had a 58-1 edge in shots on goal. Diego Chavez had a goal for Fairview, its only shot of the goal.
That made it 3-1 as the Beavers already had goals by Lucas Rinderer, Jordan Allen and Luke Sims at that point.
Blackburn led 6-1 at the half.
Allen scored three goals for Blackburn, and Reed Gwillim added two goals and two assists. Brendan Schrage had two assists, as did Zeke Jackson.
Westminster 4, Blackburn 1
Alex Escamilla scored unassisted in the second half for Blackburn on Saturday, but the Beavers lost a 4-1 decision at home.
Alex Hammerlinck made three saves. Westminster held a 12-5 edge in shots.
Women's Soccer
Blackburn lost to Westminster at home Saturday in a conference contest, 6-0.
Paige Townsend scored three goals and added two assists, and Gracie Koonce scored twice for Westminister, which outshot Blackburn 24-0.
Maria Cline made seven saves in goal for Blackburn (2-8).
As you try to figure out this winter weather, start planning to put it behind you for a much-deserved spring fling
Weather-wise, it's been an insane winter in the ATL. Coat, jacket, sleeves, shorts? Ugh! We give up.
But no matter what the skies decide to deliver the next few weeks, there's a silver lining in a cloud right over gaytown, and it has your name on it: Spring Break.
Whether you're in school and get a proper week, or you are young at heart and need to get away from your day-to-day doldrums, we peeked in on Gay Travel at About for the most popular destinations for gay men that either warm you up, or give you a real winter wonderland – before Atlanta has a chance to see either.
Key West
The quirky, historic community at the southern tip of Florida (it's actually in the Caribbean, about 80 miles from Cuba), Key West has been a mecca for gay travelers for more than a half century (and it discreetly cultivated a “family” following long before that). As a spring break option, it has a lot going for it – it's among the warmest destinations in the country, so even when cooler temps prevail elsewhere in Florida, Key West tends to remain ideal for beach-combing and sunning by the pool. The palm-shaded community abounds with gay bars and funky restaurants.
Palm Springs, California
The top gay resort destination in the West, the dry and sunny desert community of Palm Springs offers easy access to spring breakers in this part of the country. The city's airport has direct flights on most major airlines from numerous major hubs, and it's also within a two- to three-hour drive of Los Angeles and San Diego. Although the city's many clothing-optional gay resorts and pulsing nightclubs have made it a top vacation destination this time of year, until recently, it tended to attract a somewhat older crowd. Hello, daddy!
Western Ski Towns
As America's top ski regions go, Colorado is tops for gay spring breakers. It's home to several ski resort communities with popular GLBT followings, including swanky Aspen, stunning Telluride (which hosts Telluride Gay Ski Week from late February through early March), and diverse and accessible Vail. Although somewhat less noted among gay travelers, ski hubs like Crested Butte, Breckenridge, Steamboat Springs, Durango, Winter Park, and Pagosa Springs also make terrific spring-break skiing getaways.
Unless you're attending one of the aforementioned gay ski weeks, none of these towns is going to wow you with gay nightlife or GLBT parties, so planning a spring break adventure to a Colorado ski town works best for small groups of buddies vacationing together.
Puerto Vallarta
The Mexican Riviera city of Puerto Vallarta – long a major winter retreat among gay travelers – is one of the safest for tourists in the country. With weak local currency versus the U.S. dollar, makes Puerto Vallarta remarkably affordable – even for students with limited funds. Puerto Vallarta isn't quite the spring-break mecca that Cancun is, but keep in mind that Cancun draws a predominantly hetero crowd. For gay partying, Puerto Vallarta has lots to offer.
Florida's Other HotSpots
Florida has plenty of superb gay spring break possibilities beyond the charming resort town of Key West (see above). Fabulous Fort Lauderdale was the state's original Spring Break party hub before the city classed things up in the 1990s, but it remains popular with students in March, thanks to the wealth of clothing-optional resorts and gay bars. Miami holds its famed gay Winter Party Festival in early March, Orlando has Walt Disney World (where Disney Gay Days takes place in early June) and myriad other theme parks, and the twin cities of St. Petersburg and Tampa (photo) both enjoy a lively gay scene and offer solid value both in terms of places to stay, cheap flights, and inexpensive dining.
Cali Road Trip
The coast of Southern California – from San Diego (photo) up through Laguna Beach, Long Beach, Santa Monica (and, by extension, Los Angeles and West Hollywood), Malibu, and Santa Barbara – provides some of the most dazzling scenery in the country. It's perfect for road-tripping, and that's one style of spring breaking that can be incredibly fun for the right group of friends. The great thing about hopping in the car and spending a night or two in these gay-friendly cities dotting the California coastline is that you can combine partying and relaxation with rugged adventure and memorable sightseeing. The big-city stops along the way offer tons of gay bars and shopping as well.
New England Skiing
Spending spring break on the snowy slopes of some of America's top ski resorts can be tremendously rewarding. New England has several fine areas for this pursuit – from Stowe and Killington in Vermont to the several resorts of the White Mountains in New Hampshire to Sugarloaf and Sunday River in Maine. New England ski areas not only have great slopes – they're in a very gay-friendly part of the country.
Money No Object?
The common assumption about spring break travel is that the focus should be on economical destinations, where college students of limited means can potentially afford to spend a few days, or perhaps even a week. But not all spring breakers are strictly constrained by tight budgets, and if you're in a position to spend some dough, consider such intriguing tropical resort destinations as Hawaii (Honolulu for an urban partying experience, the other islands – Maui, Kauai, the Big Island – for nature), Costa Rica, or the Caribbean.
Las Vegas
Among landlocked U.S. cities, the glitzy metropolis of Las Vegas gets plenty of attention from gay spring breakers. It's easy to get here, as it's served by virtually every airline with direct flights from all over the country, and it's within a half-day's drive of Southern California, Phoenix, Albuquerque, and Salt Lake City. It's fairly easy to find cheap hotel rooms, and there's no shortage of opportunities to party, whether at Sin City's many gay and gay-friendly nightclubs, or gambling in casinos.
Vegas has a wealth of noteworthy restaurants, from high-end celeb-chef palaces of haute cuisine to bargain-priced dives and 24-hour buffets. Some find Vegas brash and irritatingly noisy and commercial, but the glamour, neon, and energy are much of the fun for many visitors.
New Orleans, Louisiana
Almost a gay sister city to the ATL, the many gay bars and clubs around the French Quarter and just downriver in the Faubourg Marigny area of New Orleans has an incredible food scene, all-night gay bars, quirky and distinctive shopping, and a fine mix of gay-friendly hotels in all price ranges. For social butterflies and groups of friends traveling together, New Orleans is a reliably fun and exciting urban getaway.
Sources: GayTravel, about.com
By Radio.com Staff
Thomas Rhett's new record will feature a duet with pop star Selena Gomez.
Related: Thomas Rhett and Wife Announce Double Baby Surprise
“I took all of January and made album three, Rhett explains. “We cut 22 songs, which is way too many songs, and I think the next few months is going to be singing all those, getting them all mixed and then trying to narrow down which ones are the keepers.”
In addition to Gomez, the new album features an appearance by Rhett's father Rhett Akins, and Maren Morris, his duet partner on his current single “Craving You.”
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Rappelling into a bull-riding rodeo event , crawling through dirt in a SWAT obstacle course and entering a burning building with firefighters.
These could be action movie stunts by Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Hollywood star turned California governor.
But they were all done by another governor earning a reputation for public displays of physical prowess — Eric Greitens of Missouri.
The 43-year-old Greitens — the nation's second-youngest state executive — revels in the attention, posting videos of his action adventures on Facebook and even using them to help stay fit while keeping a demanding schedule.
In one feat of strength, Greitens visited an indoor rock climbing business and easily scaled two walls as media cameras rolled. Greitens was at the veteran-owned business to announce an initiative to eliminate all start-up business fees for veterans in Missouri. Other exploits include leading runs with military members , climbing 110 flights of stairs in memory of 9-11, and riding in a Missouri Highway Patrol car through a high-speed obstacle course.
“Look, this is fun. It's a good time,” Greitens said after scaling the climbing wall. “And I think it's important that people know we are fighting every day for the people of Missouri.”
A novice to politics, Greitens has experience in real fights. He was a boxer in college and has a black belt in Taekwondo. A former Navy SEAL officer, he was once chlorine-gassed in a suicide bomb attack in Iraq. He returned to service three days later.
Greitens was elected in 2016 with no prior experience in public office. He typically wakes up between 5 a.m. and 6 a.m. to run on local trails or do strength training at the Missouri State Highway Patrol gym, spokesman Parker Briden said. Shooting the photos and videos of the governor does not require a fulltime staffer and there is no cost to the state of Missouri, Briden said.
He's not the first elected official to earn a reputation for fitness. House Speaker Paul Ryan is a fan of high-intensity P90X workouts. And seven-time Mr. Olympia — Schwarzenegger –went every year to a bodybuilding competition. He called lawmakers “girlie men” when they didn't go along with his political agenda.
But Missouri State University communications expert Elizabeth Dudash-Buskirk said Greitens' use of social media to highlight his physical exploits is “unprecedented.”
“He wants to be that picture that you think of when you think of a strong government, when you think of a strong military (and) when you think of a strong police force,” she said.
Dudash-Buskirk said Greitens' self-branding as a veteran might also signal higher political aspirations from a governor who has long been pegged as highly ambitious. The Republican reserved the web address ericgreitensforpresident.com years ago.
The governor has gotten generally good reviews on Facebook for the stunts. In response to a video of Greitens rappelling into the bull-riding event, one user commented that “Missouri now officially has the coolest governor.”
Springfield resident Conor Bruner, who voted for Greitens, said the videos show Greitens “being a man.”
“They're all pencil pushers,” said Bruner, referring to other elected officials. “He sort of changed the game.”
There are skeptics, too. Sharon Swon of Mexico, Missouri, asked why Greitens keeps trying to prove how “macho” he is.
“So he can do pushups,” Swon said. “I'm not impressed.”
—-
Ballentine reported from Jefferson City, and Stafford reported from Kansas City. Associated Press writer Juliet Williams also contributed to this report from San Francisco.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
INDIANAPOLIS — Victor Oladipo is enjoying his return to Indiana.
Oladipo, who starred in college at Indiana University, had a career-high 47 points and added seven rebounds and six assists to lead the Pacers to a 126-116 overtime win over the Denver Nuggets on Sunday.
The Pacers trailed 114-106 with 2:54 remaining in the fourth before scoring eight straight points, capped by Thad Young's putback with 5 seconds left to tie it. Then, Indiana got the first nine points in overtime to secure its fourth straight win — all at home — while outscoring the Nuggets 12-2 in the extra period.
“These fans are incredible. It's like I never left,” Oladipo said. “In college it was the same way. It's pretty awesome to play in front of them.”
On a night where most will remember all the baskets Oladipo made, the most crucial of his plays came with his drive to the basket with 7 seconds left that pulled defenders away from the rim and allowed Young to tip in his miss.
“(Victor) drove to the basket, got guys to bite and commit and I was just in position to get the rebound,” Young said. “We started to pressure up (in overtime) and started to get back to Pacers basketball.”
Myles Turner finished with 24 points and eight rebounds, and Lance Stephenson had 12 points, six rebounds and six assists for the Pacers.
Oladipo's made six 3-pointers with the biggest coming with 2:10 to play in the third quarter to give Indiana its first lead of the game.
After the final buzzer, Oladipo walked to mid-court, standing along the sideline passing out high-fives to Pacers fans who found little optimism less than six months ago when Paul George was traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder for Domantas Sabonis and Oladipo. Averaging just over 24 points per game, Oladipo now has his career high in points while wearing an Indiana uniform.
“The players in this locker room have been phenomenal,” Oladipo said. “They just make the game easier for me.”
Wilson Chandler keyed a hot start for Denver by scoring eight of the Nuggets' first 10 points on the way to a 35-22 lead heading into the second quarter. And that deficit grew. Indiana trailed by as many as 19 in the second quarter after a slow start on offence. But the key moment of the game came near the end of the first half when the Pacers hit their stride, climbing back into the game with a 21-8 scoring run to head into halftime trailing 66-59.
Trey Lyles led the Nuggets with a career-high 25 points, Gary Harris and Will Barton each had 21 points, and Chandler finished with 18.
“They're a very good basketball team,” Nuggets coach Mike Malone said. “We had our chance to close the game out in regulation, and they closed it out on an 8-0 run. Oladipo is a great player, but I am very proud of the way my guys played tonight, how we competed, and how we gave ourselves a chance to win on the road.”
HOMECOMING
Oladipo scored 20 points or more in 19 of Indiana's 26 games this season, with his latest effort marking the 18th time he has led the Pacers in scoring.
FAMILIAR FACES
Lyles and Harris are two of the most recent well-known Indiana prep stars to make it to the NBA. Lyles (Arsenal Tech High School) and Harris (Hamilton Southeastern High School) made what will be their only trip back to Indianapolis this season. Harris (Michigan State) and Lyles (Kentucky) were highly sought after recruits during their time in high school with Lyles winning a state championship his senior year. On Sunday night the two combined for 46 points.
TIP-INS
Nuggets: Paul Millsap (left wrist) and Nikola Jokic (left ankle) were held out of Sunday's game. … Denver is now 3-10 on the road. . Denver's 19-point lead marks the largest blown lead in a loss by the Nuggets this season. … Denver's 66 points at halftime were the most first-half points scored against the Pacers this season.
Pacers: Darren Collison missed Sunday's game due to a sore left knee. … Since snapping a four-game losing streak Nov.10, the Pacers are 11-4. … When the Nuggets host the Pacers on April 3, Indiana will try to win in Denver for the first time since 2007. The Pacers have lost eight-straight road games against the Nuggets (seven in Denver, one in London).
UP NEXT
Nuggets: At Detroit on Tuesday
Pacers: Host Oklahoma City on Wednesday night, when former Pacers forward Paul George is set to make his first return to Indianapolis.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. — Ben Holmstrom scored twice as the Bridgeport Sound Tigers downed the Belleville Senators 3-1 on Saturday in American Hockey League action.
Connor Jones also scored for the Sound Tigers (23-17-6), who got a 24-save outing from Christopher Gibson.
Filip Chlapik scored the lone goal for the Senators (19-25-4). Danny Taylor stopped 24-of-27 shots in defeat.
Bridgeport went 0 for 5 on the power play while Belleville scored once on two chances with the man advantage.
So, Max has a new woman in his life – and it's his former sister-in-law Rainie! Scenes just broadcast on tonight's EastEnders saw Max get married to a mystery woman in a veil, who was later revealed to be Rainie. So why has she fallen for Max's charms? And what does actress Tanya Franks make of her comeback storyline? We caught up with the Walford returnee to find out:
Advertisement
So, how does it feel in general to be back on the show after 3 years away?
I'm really enjoying it and having a really nice time. I enjoy the people I work with and it's a fun new journey for Rainie. She's going down a road that I would never have foreseen in the past, so as long as they keep challenging me with new aspects of Rainie then I always enjoy it.
Has she changed much – is this a new Rainie?
Yeah we're now going to find out what Rainie is like without having to rely on substances.
And are you pleased about that – do you think this is new grounds for her or are you missing her junkie past?
It's good for me because even I'm learning and finding out what she's like. What I know of Rainie is when she's always grasping for the next new hit and so now she's not going through that she's finding other ways and new obsessions, which is fun to play.
When you were approached to come back how much did they tell you about the plans for Rainie and how did they pitch to you?
John Yorke very nicely sat me down over a coffee and told me how he saw the upcoming journey for Rainie and it did excite me straight away. He said, “would you consider it?” I said, “absolutely!” So I went away to work things out with a couple of other projects to see if It was possible and we made it work.
And are they making a good couple, could they be happy, has Max changed? What's the dynamic of their relationship that you can tease?
We do find ourselves laughing a lot on set, myself and Jake. We would never have thought of this idea, so it is really fun for us to play and we are having a good time with it. I think Max and Rainie are working really well together. I think the chemistry and the dynamic is something that has taken us all by surprise.
What fan reactions do you get from playing Rainie?
I think when people speak to me personally in the street hey tend to be really favourable of her in that they enjoy what the antics of the character are going to bring. I quite often get the thing of “ooh has she cleaned up”? They want to know is she going to clean up or is she still going to be off the rails.
Do we get much background on what happened to Max and Rainie since the funeral?
You don't get much background to that, but from Rainie's point of view, she had already made the decision to clean herself up. When she was at the hospital with Abi and the family Rainie was already cleaning herself up then.
She and Max are both a bit self-destructive, though, aren't they?
Yes sand always trying to find a way through and a way out. Trying to find the next big thing for themselves and it's surprisingly connected between the two of them
Is there any chance you will be seeing Tanya again?
Well, it's lovely working with Jo, so if we had the chance to work together again, that would be a blessing. But Jo is busy doing lots of other shows as well at the moment and I don't know whether she's part of the story in the future.
What is Jake like to work with – do you enjoy having these scenes with him?
He's an actor of integrity and it's a pleasure to work with him – he's very detailed. It's a lovely collaborative feel when we're on set together and I think it's good teamwork actually. It's lots of fun we have lots of laughs – he's a giggler so we do giggle quite a lot.
Advertisement
And could you sum up the next few months in a sentence?
I would say nobody would imagine what it's like for Rainie and Max to be together, so the only way to discover how potentially successful or disastrous this could be is just to view it and find out.
ON AIR:
Listen to BMS to win:
Tues & Thurs @ 9a- Win Them Before You Can Buy Them/ A pair of tickets to check out Nitro Circus Live on September 1st at Nelson Wolff Stadium. - Tickets on sale this Fri. at 10am
Listen to Jill to win:
Mon-Thurs @ 10a- Win B4 Buy/ A pair of tickets to see Metallica on June 14th, at the Alamodome -PLUS qualify to be the “Hero of the Day at the show with VIP Parking, a $50 food voucher, and $300 in merchandise!
-Tickets will go on sale Friday (2/17) at 10am
Fri @ 10a- On Sale Now/ A pair of tickets to see Metallica on June 14th, at the Alamodome -PLUS qualify to be the “Hero of the Day at the show with VIP Parking, a $50 food voucher, and $300 in merchandise!-Tickets are on sale NOW
Mon & Wed @ 11a- Win Them Before You Can Buy Them/ A pair of tickets to check out Nitro Circus Live on September 1st at Nelson Wolff Stadium. - Tickets on sale this Fri. at 10am
Fri @ 11a- On Sale Now/ A pair of tickets to check out Nitro Circus Live on September 1st at Nelson Wolff Stadium. - Tickets on sale NOW
Mon-Thurs @ 2p- Win B4 Buy/ A pair of tickets to see Metallica on June 14th, at the Alamodome -PLUS qualify to be the “Hero of the Day at the show with VIP Parking, a $50 food voucher, and $300 in merchandise!-Tickets will go on sale Friday (2/17) at 10am
Fri @ 2p- On Sale Now/ A pair of tickets to see Metallica on June 14th, at the Alamodome -PLUS qualify to be the “Hero of the Day at the show with VIP Parking, a $50 food voucher, and $300 in merchandise!-Tickets are on sale NOW
Listen to Randy to win:
Mon-Thurs @ 3p- Win Them Before You Can Buy Them/ A pair of tickets to check out Nitro Circus Live on September 1st at Nelson Wolff Stadium. - Tickets on sale this Fri. at 10am
Fri @ 3p- On Sale Now/ A pair of tickets to check out Nitro Circus Live on September 1st at Nelson Wolff Stadium. - Tickets on sale NOW
Mon-Thurs @ 5p- Win B4 Buy/ A pair of tickets to see Metallica on June 14th, at the Alamodome -PLUS qualify to be the “Hero of the Day at the show with VIP Parking, a $50 food voucher, and $300 in merchandise!-Tickets will go on sale Friday (2/17) at 10am
Fri @ 5p- On Sale Now/ A pair of tickets to see Metallica on June 14th, at the Alamodome -PLUS qualify to be the “Hero of the Day at the show with VIP Parking, a $50 food voucher, and $300 in merchandise!-Tickets are on sale NOW
________________________________________________________________________________________
ONLINE CONTESTS:
Now-2/19: Register to win a pair of tickets to the Laser Spectacular- The Music of Pink Floyd at the Tobin Center on February 24th.- Tickets on sale now
Now-2/19: Tell us 3 names of presidents on any dollar bills to be entered to win $50 in Texas Lottery “Multiply The Cash” scratch tickets.
On the KISSrocks App:
2/13-2/17 12N: We've got your “Bonus Chance” to enter to win a pair of tickets to see Metallica on June 14th, at the Alamodome -PLUS qualify to be the “Hero of the Day at the show with VIP Parking, a $50 food voucher, and $300 in merchandise!
-Don't have the App? It's free, download it now in the i-tunes or Google Play Store
All Weekend 2/18-2/19: Make sure your alerts are turned on on your KISSRocks App so you will know exactly when you can enter to win tickets to see Metallica on June 14th, at the Alamodome.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) -- The world's last male northern white rhino has died. This according to a Monday night alert.
The rhino, named "Sudan" died of age-related complications. Two female northern white rhinos are all that are left of the subspecies of white rhinoceros.
BREAKING: The world's last male northern white rhino, Sudan, has died after 'age-related complications' — The Associated Press (@AP) March 20, 2018
Little information is known about Sudan's death at this time. 10News will continue to update.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The Taipei Salon series of English lectures organized by the Lung Yingtai Cultural Foundation hosted its most recent lecture on Dec. 10, inviting the head of Reporters Without Borders, Mr. Pierre Haski, to give a lecture on current global affairs.
The title of the lecture was "Is this the era of Illiberal Democracy?" The head of the French non-profit organization, speaking at the Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance, gave some insight into the development of so-called "Illiberal Democracies" which appear to be gaining momentum across the globe.
The term "Illiberal Democracy" was attributed to Fareed Zakaria, from a book he published 20 years ago. It describes a situation where democratic institutions in a country may remain functional, but where they are monopolized or undermined in a manner that does not reflect the tenants or values of classic liberal constitutionalism, nor do they promote a respect for press freedoms, and an independent judiciary.
The majority of Haski's talk focused on three countries where the decline in press freedom and a rise of authoritarianism have been most noticeable in recent years. Namely; Turkey, Russia, and Hungary, with a few mentions of Poland as well.
Haski asserts that a reaction to globalizing forces, a distrust of multicultural trends across the developed world, and lack of confidence in establishment media were some of the root causes of the slide towards illiberalism in these countries.
A slide from the presentation (Image: Duncan DeAeth - Taiwan News)
The lecture also emphasized that the rise of illiberalism in ostensibly democratic nations was not confined to the countries analyzed in the presentation. Rather Haski asserts it may be evidenced in political events of the past two years across the West, referencing the French election, the Brexit campaign, and the election of US President Donald Trump.
One very instructive point of Haski's lecture was in the case of Hungary, and the rivalry of two Hungarians, Victor Orban and George Soros, whose conflicting political positions encapsulate some crucial aspects of the current political divide facing the world, particularly the West.
Soros, as the founder of the Open Society Foundation, and an extremely influential philanthropist, has been accused of meddling in democratic elections throughout the Western world, and is essentially the face of a transnational political order promoting the opening of all national borders.
On the other hand is Victor Orban, the current Prime Minister of Hungary since 2010, whose administration has developed many of the aspects of an autocratic and "illiberal" government, but who represents a staunch voice for Hungarian nationalism and border control.
Orban's recent refusal to accept migrant quotas called for by the EU bureaucracy in Brussels, has been seen as a rallying cry for nationalist sentiment across Europe.
Whether left or right, Haski noted issues of "identity politics" will remain central to political debate moving forward in the 21st century.
Haski's lecture intoned that "liberalism" in the current age translates to a position of progressive internationalism and multiculturalism, which is a notion being contested by many on the right, and even many self-described liberals.
Although the lecture only marginally touched on the situation between Taiwan and China, Haski emphasized that Taiwan has a young and vibrant democracy, and that as a culturally pluralistic society it has much to offer the world by way of example.
He also praised Taiwan's free media, and public participation in the political arena, and stated that Taiwan is certainly able to resist illiberal political trends.
In the question-and-answer session, Haski also shared a very insightful comment that the major power brokers of the world today are undoubtedly the tech giants like Google, Microsoft, and Facebook.
To begin to revive trust in news media, people should strive to be more aware of current events, and seek out news from a variety of sources, not only those which are most congenial to big business interests, which power the informational hegemony of the major tech giants.
A slide from the presentation (Image: Duncan DeAeth - Taiwan News)
Despite what may seem like growing problems facing many parts of the world, Haski offered a bit of optimism stating that the autocratic leaders in many places are not offering viable solutions to the problems facing the world, but rather they are simply succeeding in identifying and drawing attention to the genuine flaws of the status quo.
To address these genuine problems, new political ideas, and new political leaders will be instrumental in ameliorating the current divide that is driving so much turmoil across the globe.
Reporters Without Borders aims to promote the free and unrestricted flow of information, while acting as an international watchdog for human rights abuses and the mistreatment or silencing of journalists.
Earlier this year, the organization selected Taipei as the location for their Asia Bureau office, holding their inaugural press conference in July. The decision was based on Taiwan's good reputation for press freedom, and its respect for democratic values and human rights.
Mother of Evans the kidnapper, goes into hiding
…We don't know him — UMUDIM monarch
By Ifeanyi Okolie & Chimaobi Nwaiwu
The mother of notorious kidnap kingpin, Chukwudubem Onwuamadike, a.k.a Evans, who was recently arrested in Lagos, has reportedly gone into hiding to avoid the crowd that besiege her Umudim, Nnewi home in Anambra state after news of the arrest of her son filtered in.
Her disappearance coincided with the disclosure by the Obi of Umudim, his village, Chief Benneth Okafor, that the arrested kidnap kingpin was not known in his community as he hardly visited home, neither did he have any investment in the community.
Lady Nwosu (Evans'mother) on the run
Lady Nwosu, as Evan's mother is popularly called, was described as a no nonsense woman. Contrary to insinuations from some quarters that her son bought her a car from to proceed of kidnapping; Vanguard gathered that she rides a lady motorcycle popularly called Nwanyi Nnewi. She was also said to be assisting vendors sell their wares after which they pay her commission weekly. But when Vanguard arrived the canteen where she sells, she was said to have gone into hiding since Tuesday.
A woman who spoke on the condition of anonymity said: “she went into hiding because people were trooping in to sympathise with her over the arrest of her son. Some came for different purpose; to make mockery of her and to see the face of the mother of the arrested kidnapper. Even you newsmen were troubling her. She has been crying since news of the arrest reached her. I do not know where she has gone to but I think it is good for her.”
Vanguard also visited Emmanuel Anglican Church Primary School, Akamili Umudim Nnewi, the primary school Evans attended. Headmaster of the school was, however, not on seat. A teacher that was accosted said he was not competent to speak on the matter.
Evans cries in cell – Police source
Also, police sources told Vanguard yesterday, that the suspect has been shedding tears since he was thrown into the cell lamenting that; “After making billions and living in mansions, I am in the cell with common criminals.” He was said to have been keeping to himself in the cell and avoids other detained persons.
We don't know him — Nnewi monarch
When Vanguard visited Nnewi, the industrial city of Anambra state, yesterday, Evans' arrest was the topic on everyone's lips. Most of them, particularly traders, described his action as an embarrassment to the city, describing their indigenes as hard-working.
At his palace, the Obi of Umudim, Chief Okafor, stated; “I was told that he hardly came home. It is only the Akamili kindred where he comes from that will be able to give a little account of the young man. It is unfortunate that many people in this village do not know him because he does not have any investment in Nnewi like an average Nnewi man, neither does he own any house here.”
More facts emerge about the arrest
More facts emerged, yesterday, about the circumstances that led to the location of the residence of the kidnap kingpin leading to his arrest, last Saturday. Sources attributed it to an informant residing in Magodo and intelligence reports that revealed identities of his three girlfriends.
It was gathered that after the Inspector-General of police deployed his Intelligence Response Team to track the notorious kingpin, they made huge progress from the documents recovered from his hideout in Igando, Lagos after the miraculous disappearance of his last victim.
The documents reportedly aided them in identifying occupants of that apartment and opened an avalanche of information leading to Evans movement. That was how they discovered that he lives at Magodo area of Lagos State, while other members were also residing in Lagos, Rivers, Abuja, Edo and Anambara States.
N30m IGP reward as a boost
A source who spoke with Vanguard disclosed that the leader of IGP's team, Abba Kyari, who was tracking their locations had planned to round-up all the suspects, in one swoop, but his plans failed as Evans was always changing locations, making it difficult to get his exact location.
The source who spoke with Vanguard on the condition of anonymity disclosed that, while Kyari was searching for Evans, and has also mobilized some residents of Magodo Estate, giving them clear descriptions of Evans, his vehicles and the name of his security man, IGP, Ibrahim Idris, also announced a bounty of N30million on information that could lead to the arrest of Evans.
This led to the rounding up of three women believed to be Evans girlfriends, and they were identified as Amaka, Ijeoma and Ngozi. The operatives were said to have discovered that Evans was very close to Amaka and he rented an apartment for her in Okota area of Lagos State. Sources explained that Evans was fond of sleeping in Amaka's house on a regular basis and they decided to use Amaka to lure him.
His plan to evade arrest
It was further gathered that fearing that Amaka may have been picked by the police, he avoided her as much as he could. However, one of the police informants in Magodo made a breakthrough as the IRT were banking on Amaka, and he called and informed the police that he has located Evans apartment. He also disclosed that Evans has not been seen around his house for a long time and he was believed to have moved out of his house.
Our source revealed that, Evans was highly elusive at this time and he was quite aware that the police were closing in on him and he moved away from his home and relocated to a hotel in Agidigingbi area of Ikeja adding that he also moved his wife and children to Ghana and was trying to dispose some of his properties at the time he was arrested.
The final straw
On the day he was arrested, according to sources, he was said to be unaware that operatives
had located his apartment in Magodo, when he contacted Ama ka on Saturday morning. “He was said to have called her on the phone around 4:15am, without knowing that some policemen were with her and asked her to wait outside her compound to meet him. She reportedly joined him later at the spot and as soon as she got into the car, he attacked her, threatening to kill her for not informing him about the police presence in her house. Evans was said to have gotten angry and drove away with her in his Grand Cherokee SUV and they had an accident at Iyana-Ipaja area where he abandoned the vehicle, seized Amaka's phone and asked her to go home. It was from there that he picked a cab to his residence at Magodo to pick some few things towards travelling out of the country. After then, we swooped on him and arrested him inside his bedroom.”
The post Mother of Evans the kidnapper, goes into hiding appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Looking to own a piece of log cabin history? The oldest log cabin in America is now for sale in Gibbstown, New Jersey for $2.9 million.
Nothnagle Cabin was built in 1638 by Finnish pioneer, Anthony Neilson, out of white oak . The bricks in the asymmetric corner fireplace were brought from Europe and used as ship's ballast, and the iron pot hangers for cooking over the fire are dated back to the 1590s. In 1730, a loblolly pine floor and staircase were added to the upper level. The cabin originally measured 16 by 22 feet, but 200-years-ago a larger colonial home was built on to the cabin. The three-bedroom, one-bath residence, with an eat-in kitchen, dining room, and parlor, is situated on 1.3 acres with a gazebo, storage shed, machine shop and four-car garage.
A life estate is requested as part of the sale so that the Rinks, now in their late 80s, can continue giving tours for as long as possible. Antique furnishings, fixtures, and artifacts are all included with the sale. For just $2.9 million, you can purchase a pristine piece of American log cabin history. The listing agent is Christina Huang, of Weichert Realtors , East Brunswick, New Jersey.
Tour the Oldest Log Cabin in America: The Nothnagle Cabin
The cabin stayed in the builder's family until a relative, Harry Rink, purchased it in 1968. Rink and his wife, Doris, have maintained its original condition, furnishings, and antiquities. The couple gives educational tours of the cabin to educate what life was like for the first pioneers living in this country. Steeped in such rich history, the cabin was added to the Library of Congress in 1922, the State Register of Historic Sites in 1922, and the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. In 2011, experts declared Nothnagle Cabin to be the world's oldest log cabin standing in its original place.
LARGO, Fla. (WFLA) – The Largo Police Department is asking for the public's help in finding a 71-year-old woman with dementia.
Carol Albers was last seen at The Barrington assisted living facility at 901 Seminole Blvd.
Albers is described as 5 feet 1 inch white female with gray hair and brown eyes, weighing approximately 150 pounds.
She was wearing a blue shirt, gray shorts, and slip-on tennis shoes before she disappeared.
Albers suffers from dementia, is hearing and learning disabled and walks with a limp.
Police said Albers is on foot and has no relatives in Florida,
Police were unable to provide a photo of Albers.
Anyone with information on her whereabouts should call the Largo Police Department at 727-587-6730 immediately.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australian secret service officers have secured thousands of classified documents that were sold with two second-hand filing cabinets.
Australian Broadcasting Corp. representatives say Australian Security Intelligence Organization officials entered the broadcaster's bureaus in Parliament House in the capital Canberra and in Brisbane city with safes early Thursday.
Both the secret service and the ABC have access to the safes that remain on ABC premises. The documents were found in two filing cabinets sold from a Canberra second-hand furniture store.
ABC director Gaven Morris says the Cabinet documents were secured as a result of negotiations between lawyers for the ABC and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's department.
Turnbull says police are involved in his department's investigation into how the papers were mislaid.
Alleged fraud, loyalty to T.B Joshua tear apart Nigeria's top civil society group, CDHR
Months of infighting has almost derailed the Committee for the Defence of Human Rights.
The post Alleged fraud, loyalty to T.B Joshua tear apart Nigeria's top civil society group, CDHR appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The cat was rescued after being stuck 60-feet high in a tree for three days. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A local judge is looking for a little kitty's owners.
Judge Amber Wolfe took the hungry kitty in and is hoping someone will recognize it.
Wolfe helped save the cat when it was stuck 60 feet up in a tree. She said the cat was there for three days.
The cat was rescued this afternoon in Clifton. It was an ordeal.
Neighbors, Louisville Fire, LMPD - even sheriff's deputies jumped in to help. They had a blanket ready in case the cat jumped.
Finally, they were able to coax the cat to come down to about 35 feet. That's when they were able to bring it down, much to the delight of Wolfe and everyone else who was holding their breath.
The cat appeared very happy she was to finally able to eat.
Judge Wolfe said the cat did have a tag, but no phone number.
If you recognize the rescued cat, please shoot us a message on our WAVE 3 Facebook page.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Alexander Zverev was far from his best at the French Open on Wednesday but was still able to battle past Dusan Lajovic in a five-set thriller.
Zverev has been one of the in-form players on clay this year with 17 wins and two titles to his name on the red dirt – including victory over Dominic Thiem at the Madrid Open.
He eased past Ricardas Berankis in the opening round in Paris but Lajovic proved a much tougher test, Zverev eventually progressing 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2.
A relieved Zverev will play Damir Dzumhur in round three as he looks to go further than ever before at Roland Garros – although he can ill afford the mistakes that delayed his latest victory.
Zverev was out of sorts early on and the energetic Lajovic took full advantage, the Serbian mixing up his game to comfortably take the opening set.
Lajovic's kick serve was particularly problematic for the second seed, Zverev rooted to the baseline and firing wide all too often.
A long backhand early in the second set gave Lajovic another opening and led to Zverev needing a new racket – his previous one destroyed by the frustrated German.
However, the 21-year-old regained his composure and was soon level. A missed opportunity in the eighth game could have proved costly but when Lajovic twice went long the match was tied up.
A topsy-turvy but highly entertaining contest swung back in Lajovic's favour in the third with the crucial break coming as his high-intensity game forced further mistakes from his opponent.
Lajovic converted the second of his three set points to move back in front following a superb service game, only for Zverev to dig deep once again.
As Zverev upped his levels, Lajovic's earlier efforts began to take their toll, the Serbian looking weary as his younger opponent needed only 35 minutes to set up a decider.
A tired Lajovic was unable to recover and that allowed Zverev to come to the fore, the world number three's quality finally shining through as he completed a gutsy victory with a service game to love.
STATISTICAL BREAKDOWN
Zverev [2] bt Lajovic 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2
WINNERS/UNFORCED ERRORS
Zverev – 42/53
Lajovic – 38/61
ACES/DOUBLE FAULTS
Zverev – 9/7
Lajovic – 0/4
BREAK POINTS WON
Zverev – 7/23
Lajovic – 5/10
FIRST SERVE PERCENTAGE
Zverev – 57
Lajovic – 57
PERCENTAGE OF POINTS WON ON FIRST/SECOND SERVE
Zverev – 77/46
Lajovic – 67/43
TOTAL POINTS
Zverev – 156
Lajovic – 141
OMNISPORT
Napoli head coach Maurizio Sarri hopes Diego Maradona will be on hand to give his players a pre-match pep talk at Real Madrid.
Sarri's side face the holders in a Champions League last-16 clash at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday – a re-run of their first-round European Cup tie in 1987.
All-time great Maradona was the darling of the Napoli support back then but was unable to inspire victory over the most successful team in the history of Europe's top-tier competition, with a 2-0 defeat in the Spanish capital followed by a 1-1 draw in Naples.
The 56-year-old will be in attendance at the Bernabeu as Napoli look to claim long-awaited revenge, but Sarri suggested he would look to hand the one-time Argentina head coach a more hands-on role.
"It would be good if Maradona could speak to the side before the game," he told a pre-match news conference.
"It would help the side - hopefully he has the time to do so."
Free-scoring Napoli have more goals than any other side in Serie A this season, with 57 in 24 top-flight games, and Sarri does not want them to alter their approach too much when faced with Zinedine Zidane's men.
"There are risks to playing our way but being afraid would not be good," he said.
"We need to be ourselves and face the match with the idea that we are facing the European champions, but it's important for us to see up to what point we can compete with sides on a world level.
"The first thing we need to think about is that it is beautiful to play against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu.
"I'm going to use the most offensive strategy I can that will also allow us to defend in the right manner and contain Real Madrid."
Manchester City are ready to sell defender John Stones this summer, according to The Sun.
The Premier League champions are prepared to offload the England international after he fell down Pep Guardiola's pecking order.
Stones, aged 23, is currently City's fourth-choice centre-back, with Nicolas Otamendi, Vicent Kompany and January signing Aymeric Laporte all ahead of him.
While Guardiola has been a vocal supporter of the former Everton and Barnsley centre-back in the past, he would reportedly be prepared to let Stones leave for the good of his career because he does not feel he has developed sufficiently to command a regular starting spot any time soon.
City would seek to recoup the £47.5m transfer fee they paid to sign Stones from the Toffees two years ago. That fee and the player's £100,000-a-week wages would significantly limit the number of potential buyers.
Arsenal are touted as a possible destination for Stones, but that might be dependent on who is appointed as their next manager.
Students peer review Eden Secondary School's production of Woody Allen's Don't Drink the Water.
Allen plays a show to remember
Roxana Moise
Governor Simcoe Secondary School
Dramatic police chases, a friendly priest-turned-magician and botched international spy exchanges — these may not seem like part of your average family vacation, but for the Hollanders, they're just another day in the life.
Comedy, emotion and unpredictability all came together to provide an uproarious night of entertainment at Eden High School's performance of Don't Drink the Water.
Woody Allen's first published play, Don't Drink the Water features a farcical cast of characters against the politically charged backdrop of the Cold War. In the American embassy of an unnamed country behind the Iron Curtain, the incompetent Axel Magee is given one last chance to handle business in the place of his father; however, his good intentions quickly go awry when a family of tourists on the run from the secret police burst in looking for asylum. Accused of being spies after cluelessly wandering into a top security area to snap some photos, the Hollander family causes chaos with their knack for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Eden's cast skilfully handled the play, showcasing their acting ability with a series of scenes that left the audience in stitches. The well-chosen comedic talent kept the characters relatable throughout the progressively more unrealistic situations they were thrown into. This allowed an arrestingly real picture of the rest of the world to be painted by the actors, expanding the story far beyond the walls of the room. Through Walter and Marion's squabbling about their lives and Father Drobney's narration, people and events that were never shown seemed as substantial as the physical scene before the audience's eyes.
Standout performances included Bailly Grigg and Jesse Klassen as Marion and Walter Hollander, an American couple with a penchant for arguing. The pair's natural comedic timing, supplemented with thick New Jersey accents, brought their characters to life through both their bickering and their more tender moments, however rare. Axel Magee's self-deprecating sense of humour, along with the well-meaning intents behind his sometimes disastrous actions, were also captured excellently by Carson Suggett's use of expression.
The scene was set entirely in the main room of the embassy, with details like the green- striped walls and the classic rotary phone on the desk transporting the drama back to the '60s. The passage of time was portrayed through subtle prop and costume changes, something that added an extra layer of realism to the lives of those stuck in the embassy. The timing of the lighting and sound effects were also commendable, from the well-executed flashing of a bomb to Axel's not-so-subtle attempts to spark a romance by lowering the lights in his office. The technical aspects as a whole were well-chosen and added polish to the piece.
The comedic prowess and chemistry of the cast, paired with the thoughtful directorial choices, had the audience laughing, cringing and gasping along with the characters.
At the end of the night, Eden's performance of Don't Drink the Water was an abundance of fun and ultimately a show to remember.
Don't Drink the Water a comedic whirlwind
Sam Langdon
Greater Fort Erie Secondary School
It's the 1960s in Europe. The Cold War rages. A family of American tourists are hiding out in an American embassy on the other side of the Iron Curtain, attempting to escape capture at the hands of the secret police.
While it may sound like the premise for a drama, or a thriller, or perhaps even a prequel to The Americans, Eden High School's production of Don't Drink the Water is anything but traditional.
The comedic play was penned by Woody Allen in 1966, and is brought to life on stage in a cosy theatre at Eden High School.
The small space was outfitted with a lovely set that perfectly captured the time period of the piece and was used well within the play to facilitate smooth character entrances and exits, and accommodate a number of chase sequences and other comedic bits of staging. As the play was written more than 50 years ago, some of the humour can feel a little bit dated, but much of it still rings true, and all is well presented in this production.
The energetic cast, under the direction of fellow student, Jenny Wubs, brings to life the play's quirky and vibrant characters. They carry the audience along through a series of increasingly more bizarre, hilarious and high-stakes situations. Standout performances were given by Jesse Klassen and Bailly Grigg for their roles as Walter and Marion Hollander, respectively. The duo were a comedic tour de force, their fantastic chemistry and back-and-forth banter put the audience in stitches whenever they took the stage.
Physical comedy was also used wonderfully throughout the production, particularly by Carson Suggett, as Axel Magee, the bumbling son of the ambassador and de facto leader of the embassy in his father's absence.
Both the cast and the crew alike are to be commended for their seamless execution of the play's numerous quick costume changes, and the immaculate co-ordination of the lighting and sound cues with the action taking place on stage. On the odd occasion something did go awry, the cast was always ready to step in, quickly and smoothly correcting any issues. Though the blackouts between scenes could feel a bit long at times, the cast's high energy and wild antics brought the audience quickly back into the story, the pause being relatively quickly forgotten.
Eden's Don't Drink the Water is a comedic whirlwind sure to keep audiences laughing from the moment of the Hollander's capture to right up to their escape.
Eden takes a hilarious trip with the Hollanders
Carolyn Holmes
Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School
We've all had our share of disastrous vacations, but if you think that yours were bad, meet the Hollanders.
They're your average American family with really bad luck and a lot of curiosity. The most important thing they learn: “Don't drink the water.”
Eden High School put on a hilarious performance of Don't Drink the Water, a political comedy and Woody Allen's first published play.
It takes place during the 1960s, in an American embassy behind the Iron Curtain, where trouble strikes after Ambassador Magee leaves his disaster-prone son Axel in charge of the embassy. Within minutes three American tourists, the Hollanders, come running in seeking refuge from the police for taking photos in a restricted zone. The story takes off from here, chock full of comedy, disaster and a bit of romance. In Don't Drink the Water, you never know what's going to come next.
This student-directed play (Jenny Wubs) was well-executed, and the cast was well-versed in its choreography and lines. The actors were in time with their cues, and well prepared to smooth over any mishaps. The dynamic duo of Marion Hollander (Bailly Grigg) and Walter Hollander (Jesse Klassen) amused the audience with their comical lines and facial expressions, while the dramatic actions of Axel Magee (Carson Suggett) and Susan Hollander (Diana Karapetyan) were pulled off without a hitch. Notable performances were put on by the chef (Rowan Hegi), as she was chased around the room carrying a hare, and Krojack (Braeden Miller), the agent charged with capturing the Hollanders.
The original music by Ethan Hanlin added another dimension to the play, and entertained viewers during costume changes. An especially memorable James Bond-esque composition fit nicely into the play.
Although all scenes took place in a single room, the set was well done and very detailed. It used all the space on the small stage well, and effectively utilized props. Additionally, the stage was well lit. The costumes were appropriate for the time period, and the hair of the actresses was suited to the personality of each character. The costume changes, while occasionally lengthy, were frequent and helped to move the story along. The lighting and sound was prompt, with no time lapses.
This hilarious play, that had viewers in stitches, is well worth taking the time to see, so pack your bags, and take a trip with the Hollanders.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Mike Moustakas hit his 18th home run leading off the second inning, Jorge Bonifacio and Lorenzo Cain followed with back-to-back shots in the third and the Kansas City Royals beat the San Francisco Giants 7-2 on Wednesday to complete a two-game sweep.
Bonifacio finished with two hits and three RBIs, Whit Merrifield added three hits and three runs while Alcides Escobar singled three times to help Jason Hammel end an eight-game winless stretch on the road that dated to 2016.
Hammel (3-6) allowed one run over 6 2/3 innings to beat the Giants for the first time in 12 starts. The right-hander gave up eight hits, struck out four and walked one.
Moustakas, one of Kansas City's top hitters over the past two weeks, stayed hot with his home run off former Royals pitcher Johnny Cueto (5-6) that landed in the waters of McCovey Cove. It was the fifth homer in 12 games for Moustakas, who is already just four shies of his career-high.
MARLINS 11, ATHLETICS 6
MIAMI (AP) — Marcell Ozuna homered to start the Miami Marlins' comeback from an early four-run deficit, and they beat the Oakland Athletics 11-6 Wednesday to complete a two-game sweep.
Ozuna hit his 17th home run to start the second inning, added a double and had three RBIs. Tyler Moore hit his fifth homer and scored three times to help the Marlins overcome a wobbly outing by Edinson Volquez, who had a no-hitter in his most recent home start.
Ichiro Suzuki had a pinch-hit single in the fifth for his 365th interleague hit, breaking Derek Jeter's major league record.
Ryon Healy hit a three-run homer for the Athletics (27-38), who fell to 11 games below .500 for the first time. They went 1-5 on their trip and lost their ninth consecutive road series, their longest such streak since 1986.
Oakland lost after leading by three or more runs three times on the trip. Daniel Gossett (0-1) couldn't hold a 4-0 lead in his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville, and allowed seven runs, six earned, in 3 1-3 innings.
Kyle Barraclough (2-1), the first of six Miami relievers, pitched a scoreless fifth.
RED SOX 7, PHILLIES 3
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Mookie Betts homered twice and Xander Bogaerts had three RBIs to help the Red Sox beat the Phillies.
Betts had four hits and drove in three to lead an offensive barrage off Phillies starter Jeremy Hellickson (5-5). Boston tagged him for six runs on nine hits in just five innings.
Betts led off the game with a single, had an RBI double in the second, but his biggest hit was a solo home run, his 10th of the season, in the fourth inning after the Phillies had scored three runs to close within 5-3.
He had a chance to get the cycle in the ninth inning, but instead of a triple connected for home run No. 11 to put the game out of reach. It was his eighth career multi-homer game.
Betts was dazzling defensively as well, and made a stellar diving catch in right field to rob Howie Kendrick of a hit in the fifth inning.
BLUE JAYS 7, RAYS 6
TORONTO (AP) — Russell Martin hit a tiebreaking home run in the bottom of the eighth inning to lift the Blue Jays to a 7-6 victory over the Rays.
Kendrys Morales homered among his two hits and drove in four runs for the Blue Jays, who won after giving up a three-run lead in the top of the eighth.
Trailing 6-3, the Rays tied it on Logan Morrison's 19th homer, a two-run shot off reliever Joe Smith (3-0) and Derek Norris' sacrifice fly.
Martin then connected for his sixth home run of the season off reliever Jose Alvarado (0-1) over the center-right-field fence in the bottom half.
Roberto Osuna ensured it stood up in the ninth, finally forcing Evan Longoria to pop out to second base to earn his 17th save of the season.
Tampa Bay lost for just the second time in eight games.
DIAMONDBACKS 2, TIGERS 1
DETROIT (AP) — Taijuan Walker pitched five sharp innings in his return from the disabled list, and the Diamondbacks won their fourth straight game, beating the Tigers.
Walker (5-3) allowed a run and six hits in his first appearance since May 19. He had been out because of a blister on his right index finger.
The Diamondbacks scored two runs in the first inning, and that turned out to be all they needed. Walker was lifted after 82 pitches, but Randall Delgado pitched three scoreless innings of relief. Fernando Rodney struck out the side in the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances.
Jordan Zimmermann (5-5) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings.
Arizona is 9-1 in interleague play this season. The lone defeat was at home May 10 against Detroit.
PADRES 4, REDS 2
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Franchy Cordero's go-ahead single in the seventh inning capped a comeback that included Hunter Renfroe's two-run homer, sending the Padres to a sweep-completing victory over the Reds.
Jhoulys Chacin (6-5) pitched seven innings, allowing five hits and two runs.
With the score 2-2 after Renfroe's tying shot an inning earlier, Padres pinch-hitter Matt Szczur and Jose Pirela scored after drawing walks against reliever Michael Lorenzen (3-2) to open the seventh.
The Reds, who have lost their past eight road games, were swept at both Dodger Stadium and Petco Park to go 0-6 on the West Coast trip.
Cordero, a rookie center fielder who made his major league debut May 27, hit three home runs in the series and knocked home Szczur with a single to right field.
BRAVES 13, NATIONALS 2
WASHINGTON (AP) — Kurt Suzuki homered, Julio Teheran earned his third consecutive victory and the Braves defeated the Nationals to earn a rare series victory on the road against their NL East rival.
Brandon Phillips had four hits and three RBIs for the Braves, who had dropped seven consecutive road series against the Nationals and had lost 23 of their last 25 games in Washington before taking two of three this week.
Braves outfielder Matt Kemp left the game in the third inning after suffering an apparent leg injury while sliding into third base.
Atlanta was in control from the start against Washington starter Tanner Roark (6-4), who gave up two runs before he recorded an out and three total in the first inning.
The Braves would add three more in the third, with Nick Markakis scoring from third after Nationals catcher Jose Lobaton's pickoff attempt of Kemp caught first baseman Ryan Zimmerman off guard and sailed into right field. Kemp was thrown out and injured at third on the play.
ROCKIES 5, PIRATES 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Ian Desmond hit his fourth home run of the season and rookie German Marquez pitched effectively into the sixth inning as the Rockies beat the Pirates to snap a three-game losing streak.
Marquez (5-3) gave up one run and four hits in five-plus innings as the Rockies avoided being swept for the first time this season. Raimel Tapia went 4 for 4 and scored three times for Colorado. Jake McGee bailed the Rockies out of a bases-loaded, one-out jam in the seventh. Colorado picked up its major-league the best 25th road win.
The Pirates managed just one extra-base hit and left eight men on as their season-high four-game winning streak came to an end.
Chad Kuhl (1-6) remained winless since the first week of the season. He gave up three runs in five innings and his ERA sits at 5.61 through 12 starts.
METS 9, CUBS 4
NEW YORK (AP) — Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with his 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the Mets rally past the Cubs.
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for his third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1).
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of his four batters to earn the win.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Don't expect the Jacksonville Jaguars to change course now.
Just about every move they have made since top executive Tom Coughlin's return last year has been to bolster the defence and running game. Those old-school ideals are so much a part of Jacksonville's identity that Coughlin even helped fashion new uniforms to match the team's on-field style.
The NFL draft probably will adhere to the franchise's throwback philosophy.
Take a quarterback in the first round? Highly unlikely. Select a receiver? Probably not.
Look for Coughlin and the Jaguars to continue building a smash-mouth team early in the draft, beginning with the 29th overall pick Thursday night. Offensive line, tight end or maybe another defender would be the safest bets.
“Inevitably people fall. Who's it going to be? Who knows?” Coughlin said. “But according to the work that we've done, we feel that we will get a good football player at that spot.”
Here's the best way to look at Jacksonville's upcoming draft: The Jaguars led New England 20-17 with a little more than five minutes to play in the AFC championship game and failed to close it out. So what can they do to avoid that happening again?
Being able to run the ball better with Leonard Fournette would be a good start. That's why Jacksonville acquired the most coveted offensive lineman in free agency last month. Former Carolina All-Pro guard Andrew Norwell signed a five-year, $66.5 million deal that included $30 million guaranteed.
Norwell will play between blossoming left tackle Cam Robinson, a second-round draft pick in 2017, and solid centre Brandon Linder.
The right side of Jacksonville's line could use a makeover.
Guard A.J. Cann, a third-round pick in 2015, is entering the final year of his contract, and 31-year-old right tackle Jermey Parnell has two years remaining on his deal after playing most of last season with a knee injury.
Jacksonville likely won't be in position to take Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson, widely considered the most polished offensive lineman in the draft, but could land Notre Dame offensive tackle Mike McGlinchey, UCLA's Kolton Miller or Georgia's Isaiah Wynn.
No one would be surprised to see the Jaguars choose a tight end with their first pick, either.
Coughlin and general manager Dave Caldwell cut veteran Marcedes Lewis last month, and although they signed Austin Seferian-Jenkins in free agency, they're still looking for someone who can be as productive blocking as catching passes. Those guys are rare these days, with South Carolina's Hayden Hurst and South Dakota State's Dallas Goedert seemingly the best available.
“You see so many people today spread them out and go to the smaller guy,” Coughlin said. “We want to run the ball. So to run the ball, we need a little bit more power in the back pocket to come off the ball, do all the combination work. … Not easy to find, but they're out there.”
Some other things to know about Jacksonville, which is positioned to pick outside the top 10 for the first time since 2007.
DEFENSIVE DEPTH
Veteran linebacker Paul Posluszny retired, and nickel cornerback Aaron Colvin signed with Houston. But the Jaguars drafted linebacker Blair Brown in the fifth round last year and signed free agent D.J. Hayden to replace Colvin.
“We have needs, don't get me wrong, but there's not a glaring need for this upcoming season for us,” Caldwell said.
QUARTERBACK COMING?
The Jaguars let Chad Henne walk, leaving them without a backup quarterback until trading for Cleveland's Cody Kessler late last month. Kessler's arrival did little to alter Jacksonville's desire for a developmental backup. But how high will the Jags take one?
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Cornerback Jalen Ramsey (first round, 2016) and running back Leonard Fournette (first round, 2017) are two big hits for a team with a history of draft woes. No one from Jacksonville's 2013 draft class remains on the roster. Linebacker Telvin Smith (fifth round, 2014) and defensive Yannick Ngakoue (third round, 2016) are two of the biggest draft bargains the Jags have found in recent years.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
WINNIPEG — Patrice Cormier scored twice as the Manitoba Moose downed the Milwaukee Admirals 6-1 on Sunday in American Hockey League action.
Chase De Leo had a goal and two assists for the Moose (18-5-3), who improved to 10-0-1 in their last 11 games. Brendan Lemieux, JC Lipon and Mike Sgarbossa rounded out the attack for the Winnipeg Jets' AHL affiliate.
Tyler Kelleher opened the scoring in the first for Milwaukee (12-11-1).
Jamie Phillips made 32 saves for the win in net as Juuse Saros kicked out 37 shots in defeat.
Manitoba converted once on three power plays and the Admirals were scoreless on six attempts.
Liverpool seized control of their Champions League semi-final tie against Roma with a 5-2 first-leg win, although a late revival from the Italian side offers hope of a second-leg comeback.
Mohamed Salah scored twice and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who added another to make it 5-0, before Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti struck in the space of four minutes late on.
Roma must now match the exploits of their remarkable quarter-final comeback against Barcelona if they are to win the tie.
Liverpool were arguably second best in the opening half-hour but a blistering strike from Salah against his old club set Jurgen Klopp's side on their way.
Salah added a second just before the break, becoming the first Liverpool player to hit 10 in a single European campaign, before turning provider for Salah and Firmino as Roma failed miserably to deal with the hosts' attack.
Firmino nodded in the fifth from a routine set-piece but Eusebio Di Francesco's men snatched two away goals in the dying minutes to offer some hope of salvation.
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space he had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on his face as he took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. He has been ever since he was three, back in his home country Uzbekistan. His young imagination was sparked when his aunt gave him a picture book about space, and he couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, he told his parents his dream: He wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, he was getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into his junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing his schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and his ears perked up when he heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. He emailed NPR that same day, that his brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help him make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," he wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and his mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing his enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in his element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
He and his mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in his office, ("black hole central," as he calls it) Schnittman talked with Murad about his research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above his desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," he told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said he loves science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, he believes his dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. He and his brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," he said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For his mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded her in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," she said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, she said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has his sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission he dreams of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," he said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday he will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
BEIJING — The wife of a detained Chinese human rights lawyer said Thursday that she has been prevented from leaving her neighbourhood, the latest apparent case of extra-legal harassment of those who fall afoul of the ruling Communist Party.
Xu Yan tweeted that she had been followed from her apartment by police officers who stopped her leaving by taxi by telling the drivers not to take her.
“I asked ‘Why am I being restricted?”‘ Xu wrote. She said the officers said they didn't know, nor were they aware of who had authorized the measures or how long they were to be enforced.
Xu's husband, Yu Wensheng, was grabbed by police on Jan. 19 while preparing to take his 13-year-old son to school and has been charged with the loosely defined crime of inciting subversion against the one-party authoritarian Communist state.
During a visit to Beijing last week, German Chancellor Angela Merkel met privately with Xu and Li Wenzhu, the wife of another detained lawyer, Wang Quanzhang.
Yu's detention extends a crackdown on independent legal activists by the ruling party launched in July 2015. His seizure came a day after he posted a letter online calling for reforms to the constitution and open presidential elections.
China's vast domestic security apparatus has frequently detained or harassed family members of those accused of crimes against the state, most notably Liu Xia, the widow of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo, who died last year of liver cancer while serving a prison sentence for inciting subversion of state power.
Germany said earlier this month it would welcome Liu Xia after a recording was released of her crying in desperation.
The Obama administration policy protecting the children of undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States in their youth may face its first test under the Trump administration when Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrested a Mexican migrant in Washington state last week.
The arrest of Daniel Ramirez, 23, first reported by Reuters Tuesday evening, is possibly the first of an immigrant protected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program during the presidency of Donald Trump.
Trump campaigned on the progress to halt undocumented immigration, particularly from Mexico, and to roll back Obama-era programs that provide amnesty to immigrants already living in the country.
ICE said in a statement Ramirez is a "self-admitted gang member" arrested on Feb. 10 "during an operation targeting a prior-deported felon."
"ICE officers took Mr. Ramirez into custody based on his admitted gang affiliation and risk to public safety," the statement said.
According to the government, gang membership can be an indicator that an immigrant poses a public safety threat.
Ramirez's attorney, Theodore Boutrous Jr., said: “The government offered no explanation of why Mr. Ramirez was initially taken into custody and why he is still being held" and said his client "had documentation that clearly indicated he had DACA( Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) status, allowing him to live and work in the United States."
Ectomorphs have long lean limbs with a limited amount of muscularity. Whilst this gives them great definition, the ectomorph has a limited capacity for stress. Weight training with a hypercalorific diet will help gain muscle, but it's best not to overtrain with many sets of many different exercises. Limit your sets to between 3 and 5 sets of one exercise for each body part.
It is easy to over stress and overtrain the slim ectomorph physique. Try not to remain in the same rep range for longer than 2 weeks or the motor unit will be overworked. Pyramid training allows the trainee to briefly tap into increasingly larger motor units from set to set without overworking them.
The ectomorph must rest longer than normal between sets, between 3 and 5 minutes to allow the nervous system to fully recover between sets, and allow for 100% effort in the following sets. Lifting heavy weights will increase muscle.
High rest periods coupled with lower reps (i.e. 5-7) increase the release of testosterone into your bloodstream.
An ectomorph needs to train briefly, intensely but frequently. An ectomorph cannot handle high volume workouts, so his volume should be spread across the week. Three times a week is ideal.
In order to avoid overtraining, an ectomorph needs to start a training plan slowly and steadily, building up volume gradually. Aim for 3 short sessions altogether the 1st week, then wait a few weeks before increasing the intensity or volume.
Overtraining causes stresses to the body and not only slows down any gains; it can also result in reduced muscle mass and strength. Plus each time you do not succeed it lowers your confidence about being able to gain some decent muscle. Also do not add more sets than necessary for your workout. Doing so will not increase gains. Each progressive set decreases in intensity since you get more fatigued.
If you overcomplicate things then you're more likely to make mistakes and try the wrong training methods.
Keep workouts shorter, always under an hour each time to prevent overtraining which is a very important factor. Training over one hour increases the chances of overtraining since it taxes the recovery systems so much and adds unnecessary stress to the body.
20-30 minute workouts are more intensive since more is being done in less time. Shorter, more intense sessions are less likely to wear out joints and cause overtraining.
Changing the exercises is another key point to increase hypertrophy. If you keep the same workout for over 2 months, it is likely your body will adapt to those exercises. In this case you will hit a plateau and all your hard work will be in vain because you won't be making nearly as much progress as when you initially started.
Continuity is vital. Regular training with scheduled rest days will aid recovery. This body type is the least strong and needs all the help it can get to recover and grow without getting injured.
The ectomorph can attempt a range of exercises as their bodies more suited to intensive weight training since it is anaerobic, requiring limited endurance. However certain types of workouts with little rest such as circuit training will not be beneficial.
Circuit training, whilst very effective at stripping body fat and increasing the cardiovascular system at the same time, involves very little rest and often high reps. For an ectomorph this constitutes overtraining.
Benefits are the ability to perform any exercise compared to an equally progressed endomorph or mesomorph due to a light bodyweight. (pull-ups, dips, push-ups, chin-ups) and are very able to achieve the best definition because of the ease of losing fat, and the natural lean structure.
Ectomorphs may have a disadvantage in gaining muscle mass, yet with the right diet they can put on some muscle.
Even though they may not be able to lift as much as an endomorph or mesomorph, they are still receiving the benefit of working out, which is isolated apart from other body types.
Because of their versatility in workouts, ectomorphs have the widest range of effective workouts.
Image reproduced from menshealth.com
© 2017, City Connect News. Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below.
Related articles:
New England Patriots fans can expect to get Tom Brady back in 2018 and beyond, according to the veteran quarterback's agent.
Brady has two seasons remaining on his contract and is slated to earn $14million, plus a $1m roster bonus, in each of the next two NFL campaigns.
While Brady has yet to commit to playing this upcoming season, his agent Don Yee insisted the 40-year-old will return to the field.
2018 NFL SCHEDULE: TOP 10 GAMES TO WATCH
"Tom's intentions have not changed," Yee said on Monday, via ESPN. "He's consistently said he'll play beyond this contract and into his mid-40s, or until he feels he isn't playing at a championship level. I understand the constant speculation, but this is one point he's been firm about."
Despite his absence during the start of voluntary offseason workouts and rumours the five-time Super Bowl champion could be nearing retirement, Brady has been staying fit and focused.
"He customises his preparation to each season in order to maximise his performance," Yee added. "His training methods are always evolving and getting better. The year he missed the first four games — that month of training on his own was particularly efficient.
"His objective every year is to outperform his contract and his own goals. And like every player, yes, he thinks about his contract — it's a pretty natural thing to do. Every team's management knows this."
Patriots owner Robert Kraft said there is no issue with Brady's current contract and that the team are not focused on getting him a lucrative new deal.
ASHEVILLE, N.C. — Raekwon Miller hit 4 of 6 3-point attempts and led North Carolina-Asheville with 19 points as the Bulldogs overwhelmed the Buffaloes of NAIA member Milligan College, 97-60 on Sunday.
The victory gives UNC Asheville 14 straight wins at home.
The meeting was the first between the former NAIA rivals since the 1995-96 season and counted as a regular-season win for the Bulldogs and an exhibition loss for the Buffaloes.
MaCio Teague added 15 points for UNC Asheville (6-4), while Donovan Gilmore added 13 points and grabbed 16 rebounds. The Bulldogs were 31 of 67 from the field (46 per cent), including 11 of 26 from 3-point range (42 per cent).
UNC Asheville will take a week off, returning to host Western Carolina on Sunday.
David Casaday knocked down 4 of 9 from deep and finished with 16 points to lead Milligan, while Aaron Levarity added 12 points and seven rebounds.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - On Wednesday, May 30, 2018, new numbers were released on the Hepatitis A outbreak in Louisville.
The Metro Health Department reports 400 cases, and three deaths.
More than 66,000 people in Louisville have been vaccinated. Of those, at least 5,600 are food service workers. While it's possible for a restaurant employee to spread the virus, it's extremely rare. Those most at risk to contract Hep A are drug users, the homeless, and men who have sex with other men.
Hepatitis A is a highly contagious liver infection caused by the hepatitis A virus. It can range from a mild illness lasting a few weeks to a severe illness lasting several months. Although rare, hepatitis A can cause death.
Hepatitis A is a vaccine-preventable, communicable disease. It is usually transmitted person-to-person through the fecal-oral route or consumption of contaminated food or water. The best way to prevent hepatitis A infection is to get vaccinated.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Louisville drafting autonomous vehicle playbook in anticipation of new technology
+ Home catches fire near Churchill Downs
+ UofL lawyers say Pitino 'not above the law'
The symptoms of hepatitis A include:
Fever
Fatigue
Loss of appetite
Nausea
Vomiting
Abdominal pain
Dark urine
Clay-colored stools
Joint pain
Jaundice (yellowing of the skin and eyes)
Anyone who may have been exposed should visit www.cdc.gov/hepatitis/hav for more information.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
MADRID — Spain and Portugal have issued warnings of high winds and heavy rain as a storm reaches the Iberian Peninsula from the Atlantic.
Spain's weather service has issued its highest warning level – “red” for extreme risk – for the adverse conditions Sunday generated by Storm Ana. It says the biggest threat to public safety will be the strong winds, which could reach 120 kph (74 mph) in mountainous regions and the country's northwest.
Portugal's weather service has also issued warnings of extreme risk due to high winds for its northern and central areas.
High winds were also hitting the west coast of Britain and Wales.
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
TORONTO — A Toronto writer's tweet relating her sexual harassment at the hands of an employer has sparked an online outpouring of similar stories, a discussion she says is the first step in tackling a culture in which such abuses are pervasive.
Anne T. Donahue put out a call for such stories on Twitter in light of sexual harassment allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, which were published Thursday in The New York Times. Among them are accusations that he sexually harassed actresses, including Ashley Judd, and former employees.
Weinstein has said he is taking a leave of absence from his company and acknowledged he has behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a “vendetta” against him. The Times has said it is confident in the accuracy of its reporting.
“Reading that Harvey Weinstein piece, it was familiar and exhausting in that I think many of us have come to recognize patterns of abuse of power, whether in our own lives or in the lives of friends and family or even in government,” Donahue said.
Donahue, a culture writer, said she decided to share her story — she was a 17-year-old co-op student at a radio station when her boss insisted on massaging her shoulders — in case it could reassure even one other person who went through something similar that they weren't to blame.
Over roughly 24 hours, her tweet was shared close to 2,500 times and drew almost as many online responses, many of them from others disclosing their own experiences of sexual harassment.
Some mentioned incidents dating back to high school or earlier, others described being cornered by coworkers or bosses. Not all the stories were from women.
Donahue, 32, said she wasn't surprised by the volume of replies, but rather by their sincerity. Though there were a few dissidents, the tone was overwhelmingly supportive, she said.
Having men talk about the harassment they have endured was also important, she said, noting that sexual violence affects all genders.
“This was sincere, firsthand experiences and it immediately created a space in which people began to feel comfortable sharing,” she said.
“Sharing can be very scary and you're in a very vulnerable position and that shouldn't be taken lightly,” she said. “This is what reclamation of power looks like, to an extent. It's one step in about a thousand before we obliterate rape culture. But it's an important step.”
Still, Donahue stressed there is no shame in holding back.
“You can be just as powerful and create just as much change by just reading and acknowledging,” she said.
VICTORIA — British Columbia's Conservation Officer Service reports more than 20,000 conflicts between humans and wildlife around the province between January and October of this year.
Environment Ministry spokesman Mike Badry says about 14,000 of those complaints involve confrontations with black bears.
He says 469 bruins, or approximately one bear in every 30 complaints, had to be destroyed.
Spring and early summer produced the greatest number of complaints about bears, but Badry says the confrontations have tailed off, making 2017 an average year for complaints about wildlife.
He warns that confrontations could increase because bears are now focused on finding as much food as possible before they hibernate.
Homeowners are urged to secure all food sources, such as garbage or compost and to ensure fruit trees are picked clean.
“These bears are trying to put on weight for denning throughout the winter, so they are highly motivated to find food,” Badry says.
“That is where we really put the emphasis on attractant management.” (CKIZ)
The most dramatic moment in the Victoria Christmas special is based on a real-life incident in the gardens of Buckingham Palace
Queen Victoria (Jenna Coleman) is searching the snowy grounds of Buckingham Palace when she catches sight of her husband Prince Albert (Tom Hughes) furiously ice-skating on the lake, working off his anger after their blazing row. Suddenly a crack appears and he plunges down into the freezing water.
Advertisement
Terrified, the Queen runs forward and throws herself down onto the surface of the ice. She reaches desperately into the water – and after an agonising few moments that seem to stretch on forever, she manages to pull her husband to safety and hold him close.
But did this really happen?
“People won't believe it's true,” creator and writer Daisy Goodwin tells RadioTimes.com. “I was astonished when I first heard about it.”
You'd assume this dramatic incident is a work of fiction – but in fact, what we see on screen was inspired by a real life incident which could easily have killed the Queen's husband less than a year into their marriage.
Did Prince Albert really fall through the ice – and did Queen Victoria save him from drowning?
Absolutely. The real story of Prince Albert's ice-skating accident and Queen Victoria's heroic rescue is just as dramatic as what we see in the ITV drama, even if a few of the details are slightly different: it happened much earlier in their marriage, the incident didn't help patch up an argument about the Queen's goddaughter (so far as we know, at least), and he didn't get completely trapped under a sheet of ice. But in essence, the story is true.
Prince Albert was a keen skater, so in early 1841 Queen Victoria had a pair of ice skates made for him as a present. On 9th February the young couple went for a walk in the freezing grounds of Buckingham Palace. It was only a day before their first wedding anniversary – a date which had also been chosen for the christening of their first-born child Princess Vicky.
They had managed to shake off most of their attendants. The Queen had one Maid of Honour with her, but Prince Albert had left the palace without telling anyone (a newspaper report explained: “It not being understood by Col Bouverie and Lieut Seymour that His Royal Highness intended to skate, they were not, as usual, in attendance on the Prince, who had left the Palace, with Her Majesty, without their knowledge”).
It must have been an unusually private walk for the monarch and her husband, and he took the opportunity to strap on his skates and head out onto the ice.
What happened next left the Queen badly shaken, but proved she was a quick thinker in a crisis. She wrote in her diary: “The ice cracked, & Albert was in the water up to his head, even for a moment below.
“In my agony of fright & despair, I screamed, & stretched out my arm, Miss Murray pulling me. My dearest Albert managed to catch my arm, & reached the ground in safety. Oh! how thankful I felt to see him at my side again & that God should have mercifully preserved him from such a great danger!
“He cut his chin a little, & was of course dripping with water, so that he ran home as fast as he could. It was a horrid experience, & I never felt anything so dreadful, as seeing my beloved one in the water, & thinking, as I did, that I should lose him before my very eyes unable to rescue him!”
The Times gave a fuller report a few days later. “After walking for a short time with the Queen, on the margin of the lake, His Royal Highness put on his skates, and left Her Majesty, who remained watching the movements of the Prince from the gardens,” the article informed readers.
“He had not been on the ice more than two or three minutes, when, as he was proceeding at a rapid rate towards the spot where the Queen was standing, and had reached between three or four feet on the water's edge, the ice suddenly broke, and, instantaneously he was immersed, head over ears, in the water.
“His Royal Highness immediately rose to the surface, when Her Majesty, with great presence of mind, joined her hand to that of the Hon Miss Murray (telling her to stand firm, and to betray no fear), and, extending her right hand to the Prince, dragged him to the shore. Her Majesty manifested the greatest courage upon the occasion, and acted with the most intrepid coolness. As soon as the Prince was safe on dry land, the Queen gave way to the natural emotions of joy and thankfulness at his providential escape.”
Albert went home, had a hot bath, and recovered enough to spend the evening with his uncle Leopold that evening when he arrived. He spent a few days feeling ill – but it was a lucky escape?
How had this happened? It was a particularly cold winter that year and the ice in the centre of the lake was almost a foot thick, so it should not have cracked so easily. However, it emerged that the keepers had broken the ice to help the birds who lived on the lake, and the holes in the ice had only just begun to freeze over again – creating a treacherous trap for a careless ice-skater.
Prince Albert was very grateful for his wife's brave rescue. He wrote in a letter to his stepmother a few days later: “I managed, in skating, three days ago, to break through the ice in Buckingham Palace Gardens. I was making my way to Victoria, who was standing on the bank with one of her ladies, and when within some few yards of the bank I fell plump into the water, and had to swim for two or three minutes in order to get out.
“Victoria was the only person who had the presence of mind to lend me assistance, her lady being more occupied in screaming for help. The shock from the cold was extremely painful, and I cannot thank Heaven enough, that I escaped with nothing more than a severe cold.”
Advertisement
Victoria will be back for series three – date to be confirmed
MEXICO CITY — Mexico's governmental human rights agency says municipal police were complicit in at least 38 abductions and killings in the town of Allende in northern Coahuila state, near the U.S. border.
The National Human Rights Commission issued a recommendation Monday calling on authorities to make amends to the victims' families and ensure they could return to Allende.
The commission said the Zetas drug cartel carried out the killings “with the authorization, support or acquiescence” of local police.
From March 18-20 of 2011, the Zetas sent gunmen and local police to round up everyone who shared a certain last name in the town. They were punishing someone they believed had betrayed them.
The precise number of people who disappeared is unknown, but estimates vary from a few dozen to several hundred.
The Second World War ended the Durrells' years on Corfu, but actor Callum Woodhouse says this doesn't have to be the end of the story
With each series of ITV's The Durrells we move ever closer to 1939 and the outbreak of World War II, which forced an end to the family's idyllic years in Corfu.
Advertisement
In series three it is already 1937 – but could the drama actually continue into the war years and beyond?
“I really can imagine that, and not just because I want another holiday to Egypt or wherever they went next!” Callum Woodhouse, who plays Leslie Durrell, tells RadioTimes.com.
“But I can definitely see the series living on and on. Because the family dynamic is so strong and it really doesn't feel like it's going anywhere. It feels to me like we could just carry it on forever, really, until we're all old and grey.”
It was the outbreak of the Second World War which forced most of the family to return to England for safety: Louisa Durrell left the island along with her sons Gerry and Leslie and their Corfiot maid Maria Kondos.
But if we did follow the Durrells' story into the war years, it would be a much more fractured story spread out across England, Corfu, South Africa and Egypt.
When his mother and brothers went home to England, Larry Durrell and his wife actually stayed in Corfu and then escaped with their baby daughter to Egypt after the fall of Greece.
For her part, Margo declared Corfu her true home, moved in with some local friends, began a love affair with an RAF pilot and married him in 1940. They lived in South Africa until the end of the war, then moved to Bournemouth, had two kids and divorced.
In fact, Margo was quite a colourful character: she ran a boarding house in Bournemouth, and later wrote a book called “Whatever Happened to Margo?” which told the story of her eclectic guests, her love affair with a trombonist, and the occasional visits from Gerry and his “travelling menagerie” of animals.
“I'd love to see Margo in old age! I'd like to see myself in old age,” Daisy Waterhouse, who plays Margo Durrell, tells us.
Callum jokes: “We'd have to get you in prosthetics and do it like that.”
But for now, Margo and Leslie are still teenagers as The Durrells returns for series three – and filming is now complete.
“There's a lot of exciting stuff for Leslie going on,” Callum says. “He starts the series, basically he's a bit of a casanova. And has a bit of a journey of self-discovery through the series.”
Advertisement
And there will be romance for Margo too, says Daisy: “Margo's going out with Zoltan in this series, who comes at the end of series two and I think it's Margo's first love.”
After three series, it's a final goodbye to DS Ellie Miller and DI Alec Hardy
Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall has remained firm in his resolve to walk away from the hugely popular crime drama as series three comes to an end.
Advertisement
There is “absolutely” no chance that Olivia Colman and David Tennant will ever return as DS Ellie Miller and DI Alec Hardy, Chibnall confirmed on BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
“That is it and there will be no more after this one, absolutely,” he said, discussing the “emotional” third and final series.
“It's been an extraordinary journey with the show it has taken us all by surprise.”
Chibnall has previously admitted to doubts about whether he'd made the right decision, telling the Radio Times: “It's hard to say goodbye. I've asked myself, ‘Why am I walking away from the two best actors in the country?'”
Fans are set to finally discover the identity of Trish Winterman (Julie Hesmondhalgh)'s attacker tonight, and though the net is tightening, there is still a frustrating number of suspects.
Advertisement
Chibnall and his team will watch the final episode at a special public screening in Bridport, where the series was filmed.
Baratov used a phishing technique to get the targets' passwords and then passed them to his Russian contacts in exchange for money. Authorities believe he earned around $1.1 million from the deal and that he used the money to buy a house and cars. The court has ordered him to pay a fine up to $2.25 million at $250,000 per charge, however, and to pay a restitution to his victims with any assets he has left after that. Baratov pleaded guilty to nine felony hacking charges in November and admitted that he hacked at least 80 email accounts on behalf of his Russian contacts. He also admitted that he hacked more than 11,000 email accounts in total from 2010 until his March 2017 arrest.
Acting US Attorney Alex G. Tse stressed authorities' commitment to crack down on hackers-for-hire in a statement:
"The sentence imposed reflects the seriousness of hacking for hire. Hackers such as Baratov ply their trade without regard for the criminal objectives of the people who hire and pay them. These hackers are not minor players; they are a critical tool used by criminals to obtain and exploit personal information illegally. In sentencing Baratov to five years in prison, the Court sent a clear message to hackers that participating in cyberattacks sponsored by nation states will result in significant consequences."
Special Agent in Charge John F. Bennett also said that the "sentencing demonstrates the FBI's unwavering commitment to disrupt and prosecute malicious cyber actors despite their attempts to conceal their identities and hide from justice." As for Baratov, he said his time behind bars since March last year has been "a very humbling and eye-opening experience." The 23-year-old promises to be "a better man" upon release.
Good working dinner with Kim Yong Chol in New York tonight. Steak, corn, and cheese on the menu. pic.twitter.com/1pu4K3oym7
PITTSBURGH — Ryan Shazier was everywhere. His helmet rested on the Pittsburgh Steelers' bench. His jersey too. His face and #Shalieve stitched on specially-designed cleats. His familiar No. 50 printed in white in the middle of a gold circle on T-shirts worn by teammates searching for a way to let Shazier know he is never far from their mind as he recovers from a spinal injury that put the linebacker's blossoming career in jeopardy.
Shazier may never play football again. That doesn't make him any less of a Steeler. And the men who have taken so much from him over the last three-plus years decided it was time they gave him something back in return: the AFC North title he ordered them to lock down without him.
Chris Boswell made a 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left and Pittsburgh's defence overcame a shaky night without their most dynamic player to shut down Baltimore's last-gasp drive and hold on for a 39-38 victory on Sunday night to capture their third division title in the last four years.
“We are riding with that guy,” head coach Mike Tomlin said of Shazier. “He is strong. He is strengthening us.”
Looked like it.
The Steelers (11-2) trailed by 11 points going into the fourth quarter but capped an emotionally draining week to rally for their eighth straight victory, one they couldn't wait to share with Shazier, who joined the giddy postgame celebration via Facetime.
Ben Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times. Antonio Brown caught 11 passes for 213 yards, including two long gains in the fourth quarter that allowed the Steelers to recover after blowing an early 14-point lead. Le'Veon Bell had 125 yards of total offence and scored three touchdowns .
“We can win a shootout against anybody,” Bell said. “I feel like we can score points whenever we need to.”
Good thing, because Pittsburgh might have to. The Ravens (7-6) rolled up 414 yards against the NFL's fourth-ranked defence and recovered from a slow start to score on five consecutive drives and six out of seven to take a 38-29 lead on Javorius Allen's second touchdown with 6:44 left.
Not much time against most teams. Far too much against the Steelers.
Roethlisberger and Brown, who is mounting a legitimate MVP candidacy, hooked up on a 57-yard connection set up an 11-yard sprint by Bell with 3:29 to go. The Steelers forced the Ravens into a three-and-out and Roethlisberger calmly led Pittsburgh within field goal range, including a 34-yard lob down the sideline to Brown that set up Boswell's winner.
Baltimore's Joe Flacco threw for 269 yards passing with two touchdowns and one interception but was strip-sacked by rookie linebacker T.J. Watt on the Ravens' final snap.
“This one hurts,” Ravens linebacker Terrell Suggs said. “We lose to them the same way we did last year. This one sucks, but we've got to get over it. Yeah, this one's going to hurt but it's best for us to have a short memory on this one because if we win out there's a good chance we'll be in (the playoffs).”
Shazier, who's been in the hospital since injuring his spine in the first quarter of last week's victory over Cincinnati, told his teammates to finish the work he helped start. Even as they celebrated an important step in a journey they hope will carry them deep into the post-season, they were making plans to keep Shazier involved, starting with a late-night trip to the hospital to deliver him his AFC North champions' swag.
“We are going to give him the hat and T-shirt tonight,” good friend and fellow inside linebacker Vince Williams said.
When someone mentioned visitor's hours were probably over, Williams repeated “tonight.” Then, it was home to rest before preparing for a showdown with New England next Sunday.
“That's the crazy part about the NFL, things constantly change and you've got to keep rolling,” Williams said. “So you've got to find a way to roll with the punches even though it may be a haymaker, got to find a way to recover.”
Honouring SHAZIER
Linebacker James Harrison took to the field shirtless during warmups even as temperatures hovered in the low-30s, a nod to one of Shazier's pregame rituals. When Roosevelt Nix drilled Moore on the opening kickoff, Nix lifted his jersey to show the T-shirt most of the Steelers wore at some point during the night.
BRING ON THE PATS
The Steelers fell to New England in a one-sided loss in the AFC championship game 10 months ago. They're not exactly intimidated by the prospect of facing Tom Brady and company.
“You act like they're coming in with Kryptonite, Superman and Batman and Avatars and stuff,” Pittsburgh centre Maurkice Pouncey said. “Heck yeah, it's a regular football game, what do you mean? We're going to go out there, tackle the football and run the football.”
UP NEXT
Ravens: Visit winless Cleveland next Sunday. Baltimore beat the Browns 24-10 on Sept. 17.
Steelers: Will try to beat Brady and New England for the first time since 2011 next Sunday.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Library Hours
Monday, Tuesday & Thursday 9 a.m.-7 p.m.
Wednesday and Friday 9 a.m.-6 p.m.
Saturday 9 a.m.-3 p.m.
864-427-7140
www.unionlibrary.org
Closed For New Year's
The library will be closed Saturday, 12/31/16 and January 2, 2017 for New Year's. Reopening on Tuesday, January 3, 2016.
Restoration Brick Project
The Friends of the Union County Library are pleased to offer the Union County residents an opportunity to participate in a unique engraved brick project. The proceeds of this project will go to the library renovation.
Engraved bricks may be purchased as a way to honor family members, friends, organizations, and special groups. These beautiful memorials will be placed in a walkway of honor on the library grounds.
Please stop by or contact the library for additional information.
New Books — Available Now
Adult Fiction
Among The Wicked by Linda Castillo
Nest: A Thriller by Terry Goodkind
News Of The World by Paulette Jiles
A Boy Made Of Blocks by Keith Stuart
Adult Non-Fiction
Whiplash: How To Survive Our Faster Future by JMichi ItM
Strong Is The New Beautiful: Embrace Your Natural Beauty, Eat Clean, And Harness Your Power by Lindsey Vonn
Dressing The Naked Hand: The World's Greatest Guide To Making, Staging, And Performing With Puppets by Amy White
Settle For More by Megyn Kelly
Adult DVDs (Video)
Dolly Parton's Christmas Of Many Colors: Circle Of Love by Stephen Herek
Young Adult Fiction
The Fever Code by James Dashner
Hidden by Miriam Halahmy
Ask Me How I Got Here by Christine Heppermann
You In Five Acts by Una LaMarche
Be Hood Be Real Be Crazy by Chelsey Philpot
Our Chemical Hearts: [A Novel] by Krystal Sutherland
Places No One Knows by Brenna Yovanoff
Juvenile Fiction
The Adventures Of Bella And Harry Christmas In New York City! by Lisa Manzione
The Cookie Fiasco by Dan Santat
Dog Man by Dav Pilkey
Ender Eye Prophecy: An Unofficial Graphic Novel For Minecrafters by Cara J. Stevens
Ghosts by Raina Telgemeier
The Battle Of Hackham Heath by John Flanagan
Winter Wonders by Kate Hannigan
Jingle by Gordon Korman
Judy Moody And The Bucket List by Megan McDonald
Holding Up The Universe by Jennifer Niven
Dog's Best Friend by James Patterson
The Initiation by Ridley Pearson
The Hammer Of Thor by Rick Riordan
Frank Einstein And The Evoblaster Belt by Jon Scieszka
Juvenile Non-Fiction
The Land Of Stories: A Treasury Of Classic Fairy Tales by Chris Colfer
Everything You Need To Ace English Language Arts In One Big Fat Notebook: The Complete Middle School Study Guide by Jen Haberling
The Barbie Cookbook: Over 40 Scrumptious Recipes For Chefs Of All Ages!
Falling Up: Special Edition by Shel Silverstein
Children
EEK! Halloween! by Sandra Boynton
Fox In Socks by Dr Seuss
Fly Guy's Ninja Christmas by Tedd Arnold
Eloise Decorates For Christmas by Lisa McClatchy
Jingle Baby by Kate Merritt
Disney Frozen The Christmas Party by Andrea Posner-Sanchez
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Merson believes Watford will be too good for Crystal Palace when the two sides meet at Selhurst Park tomorrow (Tuesday).
The Eagles welcome the Hornets to south London looking to put the drama of a missed penalty in injury time against AFC Bournemouth on Saturday behind them.
But the former Arsenal midfielder, who described the whole episode as "so poor", reckons that Roy Hodgson's men will find it difficult against Marco Silva's Hornets, who currently sit ninth in the Premier League.
Writing in his predictions feature for the Sky Sports website, Merson says that Palace just don't seem to be getting the results they need at the moment and while he says Wilfried Zaha is always a threat, he feels Watford's football will be too good for the Eagles.
As a result, he is predicting a 2-1 win for the visitors.
The six week consultation on Bury St Edmunds Town Centre Masterplan is reaching its half way stage, so make sure you do not miss the chance to have your say.
The masterplan is based on the feedback received earlier this year when a working group representing borough, town and county councils and community organisations asked people about the issues facing the town centre both now and in the future, and how they could be addressed.
The Bury St Edmunds town centre masterplan's vision of St Andrews Street North
In the past two weeks members of the masterplan team have spoken to people shopping at Bury St Edmunds Saturday market, Sainsbury's, Tesco, as well as visitors to Bury St Edmunds Leisure Centre.
There are more events to come but you can also take part from home by visiting www.westsuffolk.gov.uk/bsemasterplan where you can click on an interactive map to see the aspirations for each area then fill in a quick questionnaire.
Mark Cordell, chief executive of OurBuryStEdmunds which represents the interests of more than 400 town centre businesses, is part of the town centre working group.
He said: “The crucial thing for the businesses that I represent is that people are able to get into the town, whether by car, public transport, cycling or as a pedestrian – and that once here, they can get around safely, relax and enjoy spending their time here.
The Bury St Edmunds town centre masterplan's vision of Tayfen Road
“With the housing growth that is occurring in Bury St Edmunds and beyond, it is vital that we have a masterplan in place to address the current issues and plan for the future. That is why it has to be bold and why it has identified several options for how future parking needs may be addressed.
“It also sets out aspirations for improvements to Market Thoroughfare and pedestrianisation in a number of locations, which will of course look to strike the balance between shoppers and business needs.
“Bury St Edmunds is a successful market town with a strong mix of shops, culture, cafes and restaurants, heritage and the wonderful Abbey Gardens, all of which attract people from far and wide and it is up to us all, not just those on the working group, but the residents of the town, the shop owners, staff, market traders, office workers, those that come here to shop or visit, to all get involved, have their say and help shape the future of the town that we all love.”
This Wednesday there will be a draft masterplan stall on Bury St Edmunds market from 7.30am to 4pm, followed by a stand in The Apex from 6pm to 8.30pm.
If you cannot make those then on Saturday August 19 there will be a chance to chat to some of the masterplan team in the arc shopping centre from 9.30am to 5.30pm.
Other events will take place on: August 22, 10am to 5pm, Bury St Edmunds Library, Sergeants Walk; August 23, 10am to 7pm, Asda, Western Way; August 24, 10am to 7pm, Waitrose, Robert Boby Way; August 28, 10am to 4pm, in the Apex during the Bury St Edmunds Food and Drink Festival.
There are also displays and information points at: The Cloisters in St Edmundsbury Cathedral, The Apex, West Suffolk House, Bury Leisure Centre in Beetons Way, Bury Library.
Information leaflets and contact cards with the online links are available at: CAB Risbygate Street, Moyse's Hall Museum, Bury St Edmunds Town Council offices, The Athenaeum, Skyliner Leisure Centre, St Edmundsbury Cathedral information point and Haverhill Arts Centre.
The draft masterplan was also published in the Bury Free Press on August 4.
Barrie OPP arrested a 55 year old man on Sunday after he was allegedly caught driving drunk, with 1 rifle, 4 handguns and a crossbow in his car. Four of those guns were not properly secured. Officers also found illegal tobacco in the vehicle as well. Officers seized all the suspects weapons and his license has been suspended for 90 days.
RALEIGH, N.C. — North Carolina regulators are discussing tests to measure how much of a little-studied industrial compound may have gotten into backyard garden vegetables near a plant that's been producing that and similar chemicals for decades, a state environmental official said Monday.
State agencies are discussing how to structure any test of vegetable gardens near The Chemours Co. plant near Fayetteville, state waste management director Michael Scott told a scientific advisory panel. The talks come after Dutch researchers recently reported finding GenX and some older, related chemicals in vegetables near one of the company's factories in the Netherlands.
The Dutch study released earlier this month concluded that the chemicals released into the air were found in about 40 per cent of the food samples collected within about 2 1/2 miles (4 kilometres) of the European factory. The report concluded that garden crops were safe to eat, but the national public health institute advised people living closest to the plant to limit how much they consumed.
GenX and related chemicals also have been made for years at the Fayetteville complex.
The inter-agency discussions in North Carolina haven't yet concluded whether to test nearby gardens or how any test would be conducted. The talks came in response to neighbours wanting answers about their potential health risks from plants, fish and venison, Scott said. Later steps could lead to further testing of commercial agricultural production.
“Our focus has been on the home gardens, at least initially,” Scott told the board, which is studying ways to protect public health from new and emerging chemicals, including GenX and hexavalent chromium.
Tests on fish collected from waterways near both the North Carolina and Dutch Chemours plants should be available within a couple of months, he said.
GenX has been used since 2009. It replaced perfluorooctanoic acid or PFOA — a chemical that was shown to stay in the body longer and which was blamed for increased cancer risks. Both compounds were used in making non-stick Teflon and other materials.
Studies point to GenX and related chemicals as having toxic effects in animals, but its effects in humans aren't known. There are no federal health standards for GenX and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency classifies it as an “emerging contaminant” to be studied.
Spokesmen for Wilmington, Delaware-based Chemours did not respond to a request to comment.
Michael Watters said he's quit eating any of the wide variety of fruits and vegetables he grows on his five-acre lot about a mile (.6 kilometres) from the Chemours plant. Tests of his well water found GenX and more than a dozen other chemicals, and something he can't explain has forced him to replace spouts on his shower and bathtub twice in nine months, he said.
“Something's really gone weird in the water,” he said.
Lack of information about GenX, its prevalence and health effects has disturbed people across eastern North Carolina. The chemical was detected in the treated drinking water for about 200,000 people in Wilmington, about 100 miles (160 kilometres) downstream from the plant along the Cape Fear River.
——
Follow Emery P. Dalesio at http://twitter.com/emerydalesio. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/emery-p-dalesio
Benue Attack: Makurdi Catholic Diocese Confirms Killing Of Two Priests
The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi has confirmed the killing of two of its priests, Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha, in an early hour attack on St Ignatius Quasi Parish, Ukpor, Mbalom in Gwer West Local Government Council of Benue. A statement by its Director of Communications, Rev Fr Moses Iorapuu, said that the […]
The post Benue Attack: Makurdi Catholic Diocese Confirms Killing Of Two Priests appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Mike Moustakas homered, doubled and drove in four runs in the first two innings, Jorge Soler went 4-for-5 with a home run, but the Kansas City Royals nearly blew a nine-run lead before holding on for a 11-8 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night.
Moustakas' double in the first scored Jon Jay and Alcides Escobar.
Moustakas' 12th homer was a towering two-run shot that just made it into the front row of the right-field seats and barely fair.
According to Statcast, it had a 46-degree launch angle, the highest in the majors this season, and carried 339 feet.
The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a seven-run second. Soler nearly had a two-run homer in the inning, but after a review it was changed to a run-producing double. The second inning also included Ryan Goins' two-run triple.
Every Royals starter had scored in the first two innings for a 9-0 lead, but it almost was not enough.
The Twins chipped away at the Royals' lead, including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings, respectively.
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in a four-run Twins' sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for his fourth hit, matching his career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory.
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters he faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. His ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.51.
Jay singled in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was the inning was not over.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. He came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. He gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in his second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding his game. … RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from his minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. He will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
“When he's right, he's a productive bullpen piece,” Royals manager Ned Yost said. “From the beginning on, it's just been a struggle for him. He's been dealing with foot problems and with back problems and continuing to try to pitch through it. We got to the point, where the best thing is just get Blaine healthy because he can help us when he's healthy.”
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making his big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the series opener.
——
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Apple released macOS High Sierra 10.13.4 Developer Beta 6 on Monday. That likely means Apple is near the end of its beta development phase for this update to macOS High Sierra.
The two biggest known new features in this release cycle are Messages on iCloud and Business Chat. Users will also find the gorgeous wallpaper included with iMac Pro, shown below.
Messages on iCloud
This feature shifts local storage of iMessages to iCloud. Rather than storying everything locally and syncing everything up when you use your individual Apple devices, those devices will instead pull just recent messages from iCloud.
If you have lots of iMessages chats and group chats going—and if those chats are image, movie, or other files-heavy, this will save you gobs of space. For instance, my Messages folder is currently 11GB and growing. It will also make syncing on devices you don't use every day a lot faster.
Business Chat
Andrew Orr wrote up a great piece about Business Chat. Cribbing from that, Business Chat will work across Apple's devices like iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch, but not the Mac. Apple customers can start a conversation with a business from Safari, Maps, Spotlight, and Siri.
Apple Developer Betas
Developers can provision their Macs at the Apple Developer Connection. Macs that have been provisioned for the developer beta program will find the update in the Mac App Store.
By ANNIE ZULU
PRESIDENT Edgar Lungu is disappointed with the Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC) who had requested to investigate one of his ministers and yet they were delaying to update him on the outcome.
“I received a report of wrong doing on the part of one minister and I told ACC you can go ahead and deal with this matter.
“Up to now they have not dealt with the matter and I want to find out why because they are the ones who tip us. If ACC tells me a minister is corrupt, I will give them latitude to investigate.
Speaking during a swearing-in ceremony at State House yesterday, the President said those found wanting would be dealt with by the ACC.
He said he would not direct ACC to arrest anyone for corruption, but that they should make their own decisions.
“If they don't investigate and they take years, what can I do?
“It is not right to just come and say you suspect one is corrupt and so drop him. That is not how we drop people. But occasionally, I will call them and ask them for the progress.
“It is the role of the ACC and police to investigate allegations of corruption and crime,” Mr Lungu said.
“My ministers and permanent secretaries are now scared of making decisions for fear of being accused of corruption,” President Lungu said.
The President said he did not want a paralysis in the system because of what was being said outside by detractors.
He has since advised Government officials not to be scared so long as they followed regulations to deliver to the Zambian people.
“In the last one month there has been this hype about corruption. Corruption this, corruption that, yes that is why ACC is there. They will do their part and if they find you wanting the law will deal with you,” President Lungu said.
President Lungu added that some senior government officials had also been telling him to fire some people on suspicion of corruption in the US$42 million fire tender, but would not do so as corruption could only be fought with evidence.
“Those who come to me saying fire that one for corruption, bring evidence and I will lay it before ACC,” he said.
The President also reiterated that his government would not be distracted from fulfilling its manifesto promises to the citizens by those senselessly throwing unjustified allegations.
President Lungu swore in Simon Miti as principal private secretary to the President, Patrick Kangwa as Deputy Secretary to the Cabinet, Mabvuto Sakala as Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Higher Education and Yande Mwape as National Coordinator at the Disaster Management and Mitigation Unit.
Others were Dr Ngosa Simbyakula as ambassador to the United States of America, Alfreda Mwamba as ambassador to the Federative Republic of Brazil, Anthony Mukwita as ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany and Topply Lubaya as ambassador to the Arab Republic of Egypt.
President Lungu urged the newly sworn officials to deliver to his expectations and to the people because he had confidence in them.
Telcos Express Worry over adverse Effects of Over the Top Technology
Emma Okonji
Over the Top Technology (OTT), which is an evolving technology across globe, is adversely disrupting activities in the telecoms industry, as it continues to eat deep into the revenue strings of telecoms service providers.
Some of the licensed telecoms operators who spoke to THISDAY on the condition of anonymity, said although they were initially happy with the speed at which new technologies were evolving and disrupting the old practice and ways of doing things, but are very uncomfortable with the OTT technology that rides on the internet to offer free voice and data services to customers. These are the telcos said is cutting down on the number of subscribers who hitherto patronise licensed telecoms operators for voice and data services at stipulated service charges.
According to the licensed telecoms operators, the OTT players can afford to offer free voice and data services because they did not invest in telecoms infrastructure, since they deliver services over and above telecoms facilities, while riding on the internet.
They explained that licensed telecoms operators have spent several trillions of naira to build telecoms infrastructure since they were granted operational licenses by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) in 2000, 2003 and 2008 respectively and that they have continued to invest in network expansion in order to provide better service quality as their subscriber number grows.
They however expressed regret that the evolving technology called OTT is fast cutting down on their revenue generation, since the majority of subscribers prefer to send massages via WhatsApp, make WhatsApp calls and Skype calls, which are all free of charge, because the OTT service providers are not investing money in telecoms infrastructure.
“We had initially resorted to draw the attention of the NCC, the telecoms industry regulator to apply regulatory measures and control on OTT service providers, but when we realised that it is an emerging global technology that cannot be regulated in Nigeria alone, we decided to think of alternative source of generating revenue through data, in order to remain in business,” the telecoms operators told THISDAY.
MTN Nigeria for instance, long foresaw the changing trend and embarked on a new mission where it consolidated in buying spectrum licences that will enable it offer data services to a variety of customers. After buying the 700MHz bands spectrum frequency from the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) for N34 billion, which is a broadcast spectrum essentially for the provision of broadband wireless services, MTN went ahead to buy up Visafone to boost its data service offerings, before bidding for the 2.6GHz spectrum auction, where it emerged the only telecoms operator that won six slots out of the 14 available slots that were auctioned at a reserve price of $16 million per slot. Recently MTN Group opened up discussions of a possible buy over of Multichoice operations, but the talk has not been finalised.
Telecoms experts are of the view that MTN is already looking at alternative means of generating money and sustaining the MTN brand, in order to survive the negative disruption already created by the OTT service providers, whose activities cannot be regulated.
The Executive Vice Chairman of NCC, Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, while acknowledging the fears of traditional telecoms service providers that traditional telephony and Short Message Service (SMS) revenues are under threat from newer and Internet Protocol (IP) based alternatives, like WhatsApp, Skype, Viber, among others, noted that the commission would encourage network providers in Nigeria to innovate and explore more efficient business models that would enable them compete favourably with OTT service providers.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades. He is believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
By Nyaradzo Bakari
A Goblin, Mike Maqobola, alleged to have been leading a gang of invisible beings in terrorising Cowdray Park residents, has finally been captured in a two-hour dramatic Nigerian movie style exorcism.
Maqobola and his gang were allegedly assaulting residents, sodomising and raping women from the suburb.
Residents yesterday expressed mixed feeling over the dramatic cleansing ceremony, with some believing the “supernatural battle” had ended while some alleged that the whole ritual was staged.
A group of seven prophets led by prophet Lazarus Siziba from Holy Spirit Apostolic Church teamed up to hunt down the goblins around 11AM, with scores of people curiously waiting for the goblin to be captured.
On Tuesday night, the team held an all night vigil as they prayed and sang in preparation for yesterday's ritual.
At one of the houses where goblins were said to be, a chicken was used to “trap” Maqobola, who is alleged to have been surviving on eggs and chicken.
The goblin hunters also used empty beer bottles whose part in the ritual was not explained.
Residents who had thronged the house to witness the capture of the goblin, ran away in different directions when the prophets came out of the house speaking in a strange language.
The crew appeared to be struggling with a creature which they had wrapped in a doormat.
They told the people that they had killed the creature's spirit and thereafter moved to the next house.
Strange things wrapped with coloured beads were retrieved from the two houses.
One of the things looked like an oversized dildo, another looked like the head of a monkey while the third had feathers like a bird.
The prophets said the goblins did not belong to the house owners but were just kept at their houses.
They refused to name the goblin owners saying the crowd might attack them.
The crowd which had retreated in fear, rushed forward to view the goblins.
One of the house owners who looked shocked, denied owning goblins and demanded that the prophets expose the owner.
“They said the goblin was not mine but they have failed to tell us who the owner is. I don't even understand what they did at my house but now I want them to clarify who owns the goblins. I don't own goblins,” he said.
The house owner said he suspected the act was staged.
“The ritual was supposed to start at 8AM but it was delayed up to 11AM with no explanation. These people were still planning how to go about their bogus act. I believe the creatures they are showing us were brought from somewhere just to deceive us,” he said.
The second house owner said the prophets were fake because they had been to her house before the ritual and had not talked about goblins.
“I do not have goblins. The problem is that these prophets once came to my house but did not talk about goblins. The question is why now? I am still confused because they can't name the owner. If they were genuine Siziba would have foreseen that they were goblins in my house,” she said.
Some residents said they were not satisfied with the ritual as they expected to see live creatures.
“They have done whatever they did but we are not satisfied with what we saw here. We are just seeing these lifeless objects said to be goblins. These objects could have been brought from somewhere by these prophets.,” said Mr Message Mutara.
Some residents however said they were looking forward to peaceful nights if indeed Maqobola had been destroyed.
Goblins have, since 2015, been allegedly tormenting residents living in the Garikai section of Cowdray Park by stoning their houses or anyone who walked at night and they were also “raping” women.
In October last year, Cowdray Park residents were relieved after prophet Siziba destroyed a goblin named ‘Ernest Ndlovu.'
However, the peace was short-lived as Maqobola surfaced this year and forced some residents to flee their houses after allegedly vandalising their property.
Terrified residents last week contributed $1 each to hire Wafa-Wafas, goblin hunters from the Zion Church in South Africa to remove the goblins.
The goblin was nicknamed Maqobola, which is IsiNdebele for “hit with an object like a stone,” because it had developed a penchant for stoning residents. The Chronicle
“Now this won't hurt a bit…” The dentist's eternal lie is surely equally appropriate for someone about to talk us through England's latest World Cup agony, or the next five-set martyrdom from a British hope at Wimbledon .
Barry Davies nearly became a dentist. Not very nearly; he soon realised he'd taken a wrong turning and went into newspapers, then television, becoming the finest all-round sports commentator we've ever known. But perhaps something of that early career choice lingered on into half a century of commentating.
Which is the greater sporting occasion? Matter of taste, I suppose. Davies's choice is simple enough: “I'd always want to do both. To be in both places at the same time, if only I had the ability. More than once, I've left the World Cup while it was still going on in order to be at Wimbledon.” Now he's about to do his last Wimbledon, and his life and work will be celebrated in a BBC1 documentary this week.
Perhaps the most painful of all these moments of national suffering was the Hand of God: the World Cup quarter-final in 1986 when Argentina's Diego Maradona scored, beating the England goalkeeper Peter Shilton to a high ball despite being seven inches shorter. He did so, of course, by using his hand – and Davies is still upset that he didn't spot the foul.
Mind you, neither did anyone else, including the ref, so no need to beat yourself up. And Davies has the consolation that he called the next goal just right: Maradona's exquisite slalom through the England team, starting in his own half.
“I said ‘pure football genius'. It's usually remembered as sheer football genius, but I said pure, to contrast it with the previous goal, which certainly wasn't pure.”
If you want to irritate Davies, tell him he became an omni-sport commentator because he wasn't getting the top football matches. True, he had a career-long rivalry with John Motson, one that was conducted without enmity or loss of mutual esteem.
Lai Mohammed says Buhari will easily win re-election in 2019 – Pulse Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(Philip Toscano/PA via AP). A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
(AP Photo/Ben Curtis). Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
LONDON (AP) - The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
5:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki has made another early exit from Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion lost 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia in a second-round match after being bothered by a swarm of flying insects in the second set.
Wozniacki has never been past the round of 16 at Wimbledon, and this is the fourth time in seven years she has lost in the first or second round.
The second-seeded Dane saved four match points at 5-3 in the final set before breaking back to level the match. But she was broken again in the last game.
Organizers used bug spray after Wozniacki complained to the chair umpire about the insects.
She is the fifth of the top eight women seeds to lose before the third round.
___
5:45 p.m.
Serena Williams continued her Wimbledon return by moving into the third round with an emphatic 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova.
The seven-time champion lost just five of 32 points on her first serve as she took a little over an hour to triumph against her 135th-ranked opponent.
Williams was unable to defend her 2016 Wimbledon title last year because she was pregnant.
Despite her ranking having fallen to 181, Williams is seeded 25th this year.
The 36-year-old American next faces German Tatjana Maria or Kristina Mladenovic of France.
___
5:05 p.m.
Second-seeded Caroline Wozniacki is battling a difficult opponent and a swarm of flying bugs at Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion complained to the chair umpire about the bugs that invaded No. 1 Court after she lost the first set 6-4 against Ekaterina Makarova of Russia. After shaking her head repeatedly on court to get the flying insects out of her hair, the Dane asked for bug spray to be used.
That seemed to do the trick - at least when it came to improving her own game. Wozniacki won the second set 6-1 to level the match.
___
4:25 p.m.
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey.
After hitting just four winners in the opening set, the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in his career.
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey.
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year.
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach his first Grand Slam semifinal, where he was defeated by Marin Cilic.
___
4:15 p.m.
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on his own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon.
Federer didn't drop a point on his serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until he was 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third, when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line.
In total, the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on his serve and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
___
3:45 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as he prepares for his second-round match at Wimbledon.
And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. His coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to his Twitter account, showing him and Rosengren at practice - posing in a fighting position and each wearing his nation's soccer jersey.
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell him it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan his country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If he beats Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping his third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which she made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of his career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in his 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as she cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but she had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on her second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when he walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for his opening match after ending his decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said he didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said he was not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's his business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. She was joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making her first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as he bids to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. He lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament - having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MENDOTA HEIGHTS, Minn. — There's still so much more for Kirk Cousins to learn about his new coaches, teammates and playbook in Minnesota, a mere 2 1/2 months after the newest Vikings quarterback signed his record-setting contract to headline this year's NFL free agency frenzy.
With every full-swing fist pump after a completed pass in these non-contact practices, there's no question that the Vikings acquired a Pro Bowl-level enthusiasm along with Cousins and his skillset.
“I think as a seventh-year player, now you have a little freedom to just be yourself and to not take a back seat and to just be vocal within reason,” Cousins said.
“Be a leader, step up, and let your voice be heard. To their credit, the guys have received it well, and it's been fun to just assimilate myself into the offence and into the program.”
As Cousins was finishing an interview session with the Minnesota media on Wednesday afternoon during a visit to a local middle school, his teammates called him over to complete their interaction with the kids and pose for one last photo.
He dutifully sprinted across the gym so as not to disappoint or, perhaps, take the razzing. He's the face of this franchise, a responsibility he hasn't shied from, but he's also a carefully spoken and image-conscious player who can understand the importance of not overstepping his bounds.
“Anytime you're new to an organization, you feel your way around a little bit. He's doing that some, but he's leading. He's taking charge,” coach Mike Zimmer said amid the pre-teen cacophony in the gym at Friendly Hills Middle School just across the freeway from the team's new headquarters. “He has a lot on his plate right now.”
True to his nature as a relationship builder and a meticulous preparer, Cousins hosted wide receivers Adam Thielen and Stefon Diggs at his Atlanta-area off-season home shortly after he joined the team.
“We did get some stuff on the field, learning what he likes, learning how he likes certain routes run, because every quarterback is a little different,” Thielen said.
“But I think the biggest thing was just learning his personality, how fun he is to be around and his humour and things like that. It was really good to get a jump on that.”
Cousins has also, like it or not, dived right into the extraordinary expectations surrounding the Vikings following their advancement to the NFC championship game last season. The junior-high kids were yet another reminder of this.
“Most of the questions revolved around, ‘Will we go to the Super Bowl?' and ‘Will we make the playoffs?' I just throw it back at them saying, ‘Do you think we will?' and they say, ‘Yes'. They're confident, and that's a good place to start.”
As the Vikings worked through their fifth of nine formal spring practices labeled by NFL parlance as organized team activities, outside linebacker Anthony Barr was back on the field with the team after an absence last week he confirmed was related to his contract status.
Now playing the final season of his rookie contract at a fully guaranteed salary of slightly more than $12.3 million, Barr said he hoped to have a new deal in place before the on-field workouts began. That didn't happen, so he took out an insurance policy to protect his future earnings in case of injury in 2018.
The issue for Barr and his desire for longer-term security is the Vikings also have hefty paydays looming for wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter, who are also playing this season on expiring contracts for a team that has plenty of expensive stars.
“My agent is doing a great job, and they're having conversations,” said Barr, who was the team's first-round draft pick in 2014. “I don't know too many details on that. My focus is here with the team and getting better.”
Sounds a little like the quarterback, dealing with his challenge of taking over a championship-chasing team.
“Everything is new, so I'm just continuing to try to get to where the plays and the reads and the terminology are all instinctual without having to think,” Cousins said. “That takes a long time, but every day you can take a step in that process.”
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Labour says National's policy to create a new boot camp for youth offenders is excessively harsh. The policy also aims to hold negligent parents to account.
I was really hoping to start this week's column with the words, ‘we did it!', and use the ensuing 500 words to gush about how we won UK City of Culture 2021. Sadly, it wasn't to be, and instead we pat Coventry on the back and wish them well as winners of the title.
I sat there watching The One Show last Thursday like a kid at Christmas waiting for Santa to come, hoping that the name inside the envelope would be Sunderland, and that it would be us that would claim the funding that could benefit so many people and projects in our city.
I firmly believe that the title of UK City of Culture 2021 would have heightened the sense of pride in the city, but as we wave goodbye to the title and all that comes with it, all is certainly not lost!
If you read my column regularly, then you'll know that I'm frequently up on my soap box, praising the city and all of the great people and things that go on here … and this won't change, however, I do believe that we need something new and positive to focus on and celebrate.
Losing out on the City of Culture title, has certainly made me wonder what we will now focus on when it comes to injecting more pride and positivity into Sunderland, and in my opinion the first step is to celebrate the things that are happening within the city, such as successful small businesses, people who go the extra mile to help the community and exciting events.
We may not have won the big title of City of Culture but we still have events such as the Tall Ships to look forward to, which will no doubt bring extra trade and new faces to the city.
Just two weeks ago Pixie Lott performed in Keel Square and turned on our Christmas lights, and we have a vast amount of redevelopment going on in the city centre, from the new fire station to the Vaux site.
We also have lots to get excited about in the business community. In fact, just last week I was at The National Fitness Awards and was over the moon to see Club Zest, on Sea Road, pick up Ladies Only Gym of the Year 2017. I'd like to wish Holly, Jennie and the team at Zest a massive congratulation and say a big well done for putting Sunderland on the map at a national event.
And the positivity doesn't end there as I'm certain that exciting things will still come out of being shortlisted for City of Culture. So much hard work, energy and dedication went into the bid … this won't be the end.
Great things happen here in Sunderland. Coventry may have scooped this title, but there are plenty more opportunities for our wonderful city to shine!
RED DEER, Alta. — Brady Flett says he knew within days of the deaths of an Alberta couple and their daughter that the supposedly grief-stricken son was involved somehow.
Flett, though, did not see Jason Klaus as a killer at first, despite details he kept dropping that pointed to Gordon, Sandra and Monica Klaus having been murdered.
“What I wanted to believe was maybe he owed some bad people a whole lot of money, and they ended up taking out his family for that reason,” said Flett, who was Monica's boss and friend at Vortex Production Services in Stettler, Alta.
“Never did I want to believe that he would do that.”
The Klauses were shot and killed early on the morning of Dec. 8, 2013. Their farmhouse just outside Castor, Alta., was burned to the ground. The family dog was killed and left in the yard.
Flett was a key witness in the trial of Klaus and his accomplice, Joshua Frank, who were sentenced last month to life in prison. Flett recently discussed his participation in the case with the Red Deer Advocate.
During the trial, court heard that Klaus had a cocaine and gambling addiction and forged cheques on his parents account. He offered Frank money to kill the family. Frank told police he killed them because he was scared Klaus would shoot him if he didn't.
The dead dog immediately raised suspicions with police.
After a number of disturbing conversations with Klaus, Flett was convinced that he was directly responsible. On Jan. 15, 2014, Flett volunteered to become a police informant and encouraged Klaus to open up.
He went to police after Klaus told him bizarre stories of ghosts providing details of the crime, including the kind of gun used, where it was dumped and the use of aviation fuel to start the fire.
On one occasion, standing with Flett in the debris-filled basement of the remains of his family home, Klaus performed a chilling pantomime. Pointing his finger like a gun, he mimicked how his parents and sister were killed.
“That's the time where I had no doubt in my mind this was done out of a pile of anger,” Flett said.
From mid-January 2014 to the arrest of Klaus and Frank the following August, every conversation and phone call Flett had with Klaus was secretly recorded by police.
The evidence he gathered built a case against Klaus and led to the RCMP deciding to try to ensnare him in a four-month undercover sting.
Police informant was a lonely role and Flett could not breathe a word until his testimony was completed at the trial, which ran for six weeks last October and November.
“It was a long four years because my wife is the only person who knew anything of my involvement. My kids didn't know. Nobody at work knew.”
It was especially hard on his wife, Norma.
“There were times I'd be gone from 2 o'clock in the afternoon to three in the morning and there was zero communication I could have with her.”
She feared for their own children and five grandchildren. She even looked at moving to another country to get far away from Klaus and Frank.
Flett said he was fully aware of the peril if Klaus had found out his role.
“If you can take out your own family, taking out my family wouldn't have been a big issue.”
His wife's fears were heightened when lawyers for Klaus and Frank went before a judge last August to ask that their charges be stayed, because the case had taken too long to go to trial. She was terrified the two would walk free.
After 11 tense days, a judge dismissed the applications.
Testifying in court, Flett was asked why he got involved.
“For Monica,” he said.
Flett still thinks about his executive assistant and close friend every day, he said.
A photo of her and her beloved dog, Patches, hangs in Vortex's lobby.
“Monica sat side by side with me for 10 years,” Flett said.
“There's nothing I did that Monica didn't know of and there was nothing that I needed done that Monica didn't take care of.”
Qualcomm Technologies International, Ltd., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ QCOM), on the eve of its voice and music developer conference today announced major additions to the company's already broad portfolio of audio system on chip (SoCs) platforms. Each of the platforms is individually tailored to support new market demands, with one designed to offer significantly higher processing performance, another that supports flash programmable memory flexibility at fixed function ROM price points, and a third solution that supports the development of wired USB C audio devices designed to deliver superior audio quality. The platforms are also designed for specific applications and use cases, including next generation high performance headsets and speakers, comprehensively featured mid tier headsets and speakers and wired USB C headsets.
CSRA68100, the company's next generation high performance single chip Bluetooth® audio flash-programmable platform designed for premium wireless speakers and headphones, offers four times the DSP processing power of its predecessor, along with a powerful 32-bit dedicated developer application processor. This is designed to provide OEMs with significantly more programming resources and freedom to develop use cases with unique and differentiating features. The highly integrated platform also supports a comprehensive selection of connectivity, system processing, audio processing and power management resources. The platform includes a next generation Audio Development Kit (ADK) ADK6.0 which is designed to provide developers with a suite of Bluetooth SIG qualified applications and profiles, alongside a multi-processor software development environment, tool chain, and audio DSP framework. This new tool kit is intended to simplify and enhance the development experience, accelerating the design of use cases that have multiple functions running simultaneously, with simple switching between functions to create rich end-user experiences.
QCC3XXX is a new family of entry-level, flash-programmable audio SoC platforms at competitive price points for Bluetooth headsets and speakers. These devices support a rich set of features, use cases and customization, supporting OEMs in their development of unique products for market segments which have typically been restricted to fixed function ROM devices. The QCC3XXX family includes eight SoCs - three which support Bluetooth speaker applications, and five which support Bluetooth headset applications. Coupled with our development kit and tools, these devices are designed to provide a flexible platform for designing quality Bluetooth audio products. The QCC3XXX family is designed to provide consumers with access to advanced technologies at some of the most affordable price points for listening devices, including features such as Qualcomm ® aptXTM audio and Qualcomm® cVcTM noise cancellation technology and enhanced Qualcomm TrueWirelessTM Stereo.
"There are seismic shifts taking place in the audio industry as consumers rapidly adopt wireless audio devices, use streaming as their preferred method of listening to music, and demand smaller form factors as well as increased portability from their audio devices. No other company is as uniquely positioned to help drive this evolution as we are," said Anthony Murray , senior vice president and general manager, Voice and Music, Qualcomm Technologies International, Ltd. "Our audio platforms have been widely proven for more than 15 years working with many of the world's leading audio brands and our broad range of audio technologies including Qualcomm® aptX™ audio, Qualcomm® cVc™ and Qualcomm TrueWireless™ Stereo have helped to redefine the wireless listening experience. With this expanded portfolio we are helping to meet future industry needs and bring next-generation speakers and headphones to commercialization by supporting crucial enhancements in sound quality, connectivity, processing performance and device size."
"As the new category of 'hearables' emerges, there is a convergence of traditional audio device features with wearable technology in ultra-small form factor devices. Users of these devices want high-quality audio combined with advanced features including sensors for biometrics, voice recognition and support for cloud connected ecosystems, which poses a big challenge for traditional manufacturers," added Murray. "Hearables users also want all-day performance and battery life from their ear buds and personal assistants. In Q1 2018 we aim to launch a new family of low-power Bluetooth audio SoCs which are highly optimized for intended use in compact, feature rich devices, and are designed to reduce power consumption by more than 50 percent for voice calls and music streaming compared to our existing portfolio."
At the conference, Qualcomm Technologies International, Ltd. will also introduce its WHS9420 and WHS9410 single chip USB audio SoC platforms designed specifically for USB-C connected audio devices. The USB-C connector is becoming standard on next generation smartphones for charging, but offers the added advantage of supporting high quality digital audio interfaces. As smartphone manufacturers move toward slimmer, monolithic handset designs and start to remove the 3.5mm headphone jack, the USB-C connectors offer an excellent option for those who want to continue to use wired headsets and speakers. These two SoC options are designed to address both the entry level and mid to high-end sections of the emerging market. The WHS9420 with integrated ANC supports a superior quality digital audio consumer experience, with up to 192kHz/24-bit audio support over the USB connection and very high quality DAC output. The WHS9410 is an entry level solution designed to bring quality audio performance to lower tier products.
For more information, please visit the press kit.
About Qualcomm
Qualcomm's technologies powered the smartphone revolution and connected billions of people. We pioneered 3G and 4G - and now we are leading the way to 5G and a new era of intelligent, connected devices. Our products are revolutionizing industries, including automotive, computing, IoT, healthcare and data center, and are allowing millions of devices to connect with each other in ways never before imagined. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, all of our engineering, research and development functions, and all of our products and services businesses, including, our QCT semiconductor business. For more information, visit Qualcomm's website, OnQ blog, Twitter and Facebook pages.
Qualcomm is a trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the United States and other countries. Qualcomm TrueWireless is a trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated. aptX and cVc are trademarks of Qualcomm Technologies International, Ltd., registered in the United States and other countries.
Qualcomm TrueWireless, Qualcomm aptX and Qualcomm cVc are products of Qualcomm Technologies International, Ltd.
Qualcomm Contacts: Pete Lancia , Corporate Communications Phone: 1-858-845-5959 Email: corpcomm@qualcomm.com
John Sinnott , Investor Relations Phone: 1-858-658-4813 Email: ir@qualcomm.com
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/qualcomm-announces-multiple-new-audio-platforms-to-support-new-use-cases-for-next-generation-of-wireless-speakers-headphones-and-hearables-300473512.html
SOURCE Qualcomm Incorporated
https://www.qualcomm.com $page_length='long'; ?>
Campbell-James returned to his iD tri-maran foiler unscathed and resumed steering duties – crossing the line just behind Euroflex.
The regatta is being led by Euroflex on 24 points, followed by iD (19 pts), Pavement (17 pts), Kleenmaid (12 pts), Record Point and tech2 (11 pts).
Record Point was unable to take to the start line for the final skirmish on Adelaide's Outer Harbour due to a capsized.
The racing continues with double points on offer across all three races.
The SuperFoiler Grand Prix is contested over five weekends at five iconic marine locations across Australia - South Australia, Victoria, Queensland, Western Australia and New South Wales - from February 2018.
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
G New
3 February 2018 8:56 GMT
SURREY, B.C. — British Columbia's police watchdog is investigating the death of a man taken into custody in Surrey.
RCMP say officers and Emergency Health Services were responding to reports of a man standing in the middle of an intersection yelling and in some type of distress on Monday afternoon.
Mounties say officers tried to speak to the man and, when he was taken into custody, he went into medical distress.
Despite help from paramedics, police say the man died soon after.
The Independent Investigation Office, the organization that probes all police-involved cases of death or serious injury, has taken over the case and is looking to speak with witnesses.
The coroner's service has also been notified.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson has had his say on the Eagles difficult deadline day exploits and admitted it was frustrating.
The Selhurst club missed out on Ibrahim Amadou - who took a train to London and pleaded with his club Lille to sanction the move, Frederik Ronnow - who Palace filled out a deal sheet to give them extra time to sign and Leander Dendoncker - where Palace's final day bid was deemed too little and too late.
Nevertheless, Palace did add the striker they have so desperately craved in Alexander Sorloth and Hodgson is content that he can go back to his day-to-day job while being adamant that the current squad is good enough to maintain Premier League status.
That is despite having to wait until the summer for Vicente Guaita to join up with the club.
Hodgson said: "I guess it was [frustrating]. The fact is the work was done to get these players by our chairman and our sporting director. They'd been working very hard and frantically to try and get some deals over the line but it wasn't possible unfortunately.
"It happened to some other clubs, it's not easy at that stage but the fact is I'm happy with the players we have here.
"We're capable of maintaining our status and as far as I'm concerned it's very much a case now of forgetting transfer windows.
"You guys have had your fun for a few weeks and for me it's back to the very simple job of working with the players that are here and making certain we get the very best out of them and that we do as well as we possibly can to get the points in every match we play."
Watch the 2018-2019 Premier League season LIVE on beIN SPORTS
The 18 year-old has been linked with some of England's biggest clubs due to his standout performances in 2017-2018, which saw him named the EFL's Player of the Season and Young Player of the Season for the Championship.
Manchester United and Tottenham have both been credited with an interest in the winger, who set up Tom Cairney's goal in the play-off final win over Aston Villa.
Khan expects Sessegnon to play in a Fulham shirt in 2018-2019, even if it means being loaned back to the club after being signed for a "ridiculous" fee.
"We don't want Sessegnon leaving," he told The Times. "I don't think he wants to go. He's going to be at Fulham for the coming year, leading us into the Premier League.
"Frankly, if we had not been promoted, well, we have a responsibility to our players. He's been there since he was eight. We want to do the right thing for him and he is Fulham through and through.
"If a club pays a ridiculous fee, he's not going to be breaking into their starting 11, so he will be at Fulham next year; what the terms are I don't know."
A big dip in Barrie's jobless rate. Mayor Jeff Lehman says unemployment fell from 6.8 per cent down to 6 flat last month over the month before. Lots of hiring at job fairs of late, he indicates. On the provincial level, the jobless rate shed a tenth of a percentage point to 6.7 per cent in September. Federally, the unemployment rate remained unchanged last month, 6.2 per cent, still the lowest rate we've seen since 2008.
More Woes for Uber: Exec Resigns, Investor Sues Ousted CEO
Uber Technologies Inc. faced a fresh round of turmoil Thursday, with its global operations chief resigning and a major investor suing the ride-hailing company's former CEO.
Ryan Graves told Uber staff in an email Thursday that he will transition out of his role as senior vice president of global operations in mid-September. Graves will remain on Uber's board.
That board -- and its support for former CEO Travis Kalanick [pictured above] -- was the subject of a lawsuit filed Thursday in Delaware Chancery Court by Benchmark Capital Partners.
Benchmark is a major investor with 13 percent of Uber's stock. It claims Kalanick is trying to pack Uber's board with his allies and eventually return to his post as CEO. The venture capital firm says that would harm Uber's shareholders, employees, drivers and customers.
A spokesperson for Kalanick said the lawsuit is "completely without merit and riddled with lies and false allegations."
In the lawsuit, Benchmark claims Kalanick concealed material information from investors when he created three new board seats in 2016 and gave himself the right to appoint people to those seats. Among other things, Benchmark said, Kalanick knew Uber might be accused of stealing trade secrets from Waymo, Google's self-driving unit. Waymo sued Uber earlier this year.
The lawsuit also says Kalanick didn't discuss his failure to curb Uber's pervasive culture of discrimination and sexual harassment.
Kalanick resigned under pressure in June after a monthslong investigation into harassment and other behavior problems at the San Francisco-based company. But he quickly appointed himself to one of the three board seats. The other two remain vacant.
Benchmark says Kalanick has acquired "a disproportionate level of influence over the board, ensuring that he would continue to have an outsized role in Uber's strategic direction even if forced to resign as CEO." The firm says Kalanick has already interfered in the board's attempts to hire a new CEO.
Benchmark wants to remove the three additional seats and return the board to eight members. It's also asking the court to prevent Kalanick from participating in board meetings.
Uber said it had no comment on the lawsuit. But in a statement, Kalanick's spokesperson said the lawsuit is an attempt to deprive Kalanick of his rights as an Uber founder and shareholder.
"Travis will continue to act in the interests of Uber and all of its stakeholders and is confident that these entirely baseless claims will be rejected," the statement said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick/Twitter.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Chief Accounting Officer (CAO) at XpatFunds – Akwa Ibom
XpatFunds, is recruiting to fill the position of: Chief Accounting Officer (CAO). The position is located in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State. Interested candidates should possess a first degree/HND in any of the Social Sciences, with at least 3 years work experience.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Hotnigerianjobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MILWAUKEE — Sami Niku had a goal and two assists as the Manitoba Moose won their fifth straight game, downing the Milwaukee Admirals 5-1 on Saturday in American Hockey League action.
Brody Sutter, Nic Petan, JC Lipon and Brendan Lemieux also scored for the Moose (31-10-5) while Eric Comrie stopped 39 shots for the win.
Emil Pettersson found the back of the net for the Admirals (21-20-4), who are on a six-game slide. Anders Lindback kicked out 32-of-37 shots in defeat.
Manitoba went 1 for 6 on the power play while Milwaukee failed to score on three chances with the man advantage.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp gave a furious post-match interview after yesterday's 1-1 draw with Everton at Anfield in the Merseyside derby.
The German was involved in an angry exchange with Sky Sports reporter Pat Davison.
Klopp started the interview already in a fractious mood, and his tone only worsened as the interview progression. He was particularly infuriated by Davison saying – when asked directly by Klopp – that he thought the referee was right to award a penalty to the Toffees, and the reporter's pondering as to whether defender Dejan Lovren was at fault for making a challenge he didn't need to make.
And the Reds boss nearly blew a fuse when Davison mentioned that the pundits in the studio – Graeme Souness and Gary Neville – also felt it was a penalty.
Here's the full exchange.
Pat Davison: Jurgen, because you were so dominant for so long in that match, does this feel very much like a wasted opportunity to pick up three points?
Jurgen Klopp: What do you think?
Davison: Well I imagine it does.
Klopp: Yeah, right, absolutely.
Davison: OK. What did you make of the team's performance?
Klopp: It was good. We didn't score often enough. I saw only one team playing today, but the ref thought we have to make it a little bit more… I can't believe this situation, with all the challenges, we were completely clean. We don't make any fouls. We had Sigurdsson on Henderson, which was again a red card like in all derbies so far since I am in, there is always one really nasty one at least. With all the challenges in this game, and only one team playing, to give such a penalty away is unbelievable, when you see the pictures…
Davison: Have you had a chance to see it back?
Klopp: Yes. He makes a step in this direction but even then it is nothing. And then we have the penalty, and one team can celebrate, and we can't.
Davison: What have you said to the referee?
Klopp: That I don't understand that he's doing that. That's all I said. I didn't use one swearing word. I cannot, cannot believe that in a game like this, where only one team is trying over 95 minutes to do everything to win it, and the other team… was not even in our box, I'm not sure if they even had a shot on target, except from the penalty. And you open the door for them like this, it's in my understanding not OK.
Davison: For you, 100 per cent not a penalty, or does Dejan Lovren…
Klopp: No, no, no!
Davison: I'm not blaming him, but does he not need to make the challenge though?
Klopp: He doesn't make a challenge! Calvert-Lewin takes a step…
Davison: And his hand is on his back…
Klopp: The hand is like this [gestures to Davison] on his back, you saw it, if you think it's a penalty, then do it, say it, say it's a penalty in your opinion. Is it a penalty in your opinion?
Davison: OK. My opinion doesn't matter, I would say soft…
Klopp: Obviously my opinion doesn't matter as well.
Davison: Of course your opinion matters.
Klopp: Does it change anything?
Davison: No, we can't change anything in an interview, can we?
Klopp: Do you think it is a penalty or not?
Davison: I think it's soft, but I think it is a penalty.
Klopp: Ha ha ha! Well, then we can stop the interview, because I only want to talk to people who have a little bit of an understanding of football because I'm sorry, really, I can't believe…
Davison: I know you're angry, but there are people who played a lot of football matches in our studio, who also think it's a penalty.
Klopp: Oh [looks at camera]. Then sorry. I'm wrong. You're all right.
Davison: I didn't say that.
Klopp: Yes that's what you said.
Davison: I didn't say you were wrong.
Klopp: When all the other people are right, I must be wrong, right?
Davison: No. Just because… isn't it a game of opinions?
Klopp: Can we please stop this here. Do you have three, five minutes already? Obviously I am not in the mood to answer your question, and you don't have the questions do you?
Davison: I have one more, I don't think you're going to like it. Six changes today, you also took Salah off at 1-0 up. Do you think those changes had any impact on the result?
Klopp: That's my job, that's my job, I make decisions before I know they are right, and afterwards it is your job to say I'm not right. No problem with that. Yes I was sure this was the right decision, we brought Roberto Firmino on for Mo Salah, so, we could have scored before, we could have scored afterwards. We could have scored all the time. We lived more or less in their box. But obviously we didn't do it, I have to take that, I have no problem with that. I only think, if you invest that much in a game like this today in a game like this, they didn't have counter-attacks! It's quite difficult. If you have one situation, and now we drew, there are bigger catastrophes on this planet than getting a point after a game like this, but it feels not too good. Sorry about all the rest I said before.
The historic and decaying Our Lady of Lourdes Church is getting a new neighbor, six stories of retail and office space geared to the nearby Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus.
WBFO's Mike Desmond reports.
The building, proposed by Ellicott Development, will go into what's now a parking lot and was once the parish's school and rectory site. The matter was in front of the Planning Board earlier this week. Today, the Zoning Board of Appeals will review.
The historic parish church closed in 1993 and the building was sold to a Protestant congregation which eventually sold to Ellicott.
"We've owned (the church) for several years and primarily we've been working on it up this point for structural stability on the interior," said Ellicott Development Director Tom Fox.
"Unfortunately, a former owner left the building in great disrepair. Stripped it down to the bones on the inside. We've done a lot of work to stabilize that interior at this point but nothing more."
Fox told the city Planning Board it looks as if several floors will be inserted into the church structure.
"We expect, probably in the next two to three months, to come to this board with thorough plans for that."
The site is directly across Best Street from the Metro Rail Summer-Best Station and an easy walk from the Medical Campus.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points, Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday.
Virginia (22-1, 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), which beat the Orange 68-61 in January, has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson, who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start.
Syracuse (15-8, 4-6), in desperate need of a signature victory, was coming off a four-point loss at Georgia Tech in which it shot 30 per cent (15 of 50), and the offensive futility continued against the nation's best scoring defence.
The Orange shot under 40 per cent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around. Syracuse finished 17 of 50 (34 per cent) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome.
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle, Frank Howard, and Oshae Brissett — and they didn't deliver. Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting, Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points.
NO. 3 PURDUE 78, RUTGERS 76
PISCATAWAY, N.J. (AP) — Vincent Edward had 18 points, seven rebounds and eight assists, and Purdue held on for a school-record 19th straight win.
Mathis Dakota scored 16 points, Carsen Edwards had 13 and P.J. Thompson added 12 points for the Boilermakers (23-2, 12-0 Big Ten).
Corey Sanders had 31 points and seven rebounds, and Deshawn Freeman added 14 points and nine rebounds for Rutgers (12-13, 2-10), which overcame a 15-point first-half deficit looked poised to pull off an upset at home.
Rutgers pulled within one on two occasions. Shaquile Doorson had a put-back dunk off of Geo Baker's missed layup to get to 48-47 with 12:28 left, and Freeman had a tip-in on a miss by Sanders to make it 55-54 with 8:06 remaining, However, that was as close as the Scarlet Knights got the rest of the way.
ST. JOHN'S 81, NO. 4 DUKE 77
NEW YORK (AP) — Shamorie Ponds scored 33 points, and St. John's snapped an 11-game losing streak and handed the suddenly suspect Blue Devils their second loss in eight days.
Bashir Ahmed added 19 points and Tariq Owens had 17 for the Red Storm (11-13), who overcame an early 10-point deficit and fought off Duke's heralded freshmen down the stretch in their biggest win under third-year coach Chris Mullin.
St. John's was playing the second of three straight games against top-6 opponents in a span of nine days. Next up, a visit to No. 1 Villanova on Wednesday night.
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils (19-4), who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night. Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls.
OKLAHOMA STATE 84, NO. 7 KANSAS 79
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — Kendall Smith scored 24 points, including the clinching free throws in the final seconds, and Oklahoma State held on for the upset.
Cameron McGriff added 20 points and Jeffrey Carroll had 15 for the Cowboys (14-9, 4-6 Big 12), who built an 18-point first-half lead and dominated the boards in ending their three-game losing streak.
It was the third loss for the Jayhawks (18-5, 7-3) in Allen Fieldhouse, their most since the 1998-99 season, and their second in conference play. They also lost to Texas Tech in the Phog.
Udoka Azubuike had 20 points and Graham and Svi Mykhailiuk scored 17 apiece for Kansas, which was celebrating 120 years of basketball by welcoming back dozens of former players and coaches.
NO. 8 CINCINNATI 65, UCONN 57
STORRS, Conn. (AP) — Jacob Evans III scored 19 points to lead Cincinnati past the struggling Huskies.
Kyle Washington added 13 points and 11 rebounds for the Bearcats (21-2, 10-0 American), who never trailed.
Jalen Adams scored 20 points and Christian Vital added 18 for the Huskies, who have lost five of their last six to fall below the .500 mark at 11-12 (4-6).
The Bearcats shot just 36 per cent from the floor, 10 percentage points below their season average. But they held UConn to 29 per cent.
NO. 10 TEXAS TECH 83, TCU 71
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — Jarrett Culver scored 20 points with four 3-pointers, and Texas Tech got its fourth straight victory and a share of the Big 12 Conference lead.
Culver, Tech's hometown freshman guard, made all of his 3s in the first half. That included consecutive baskets from beyond the arc in an 18-0 run that put the Red Raiders (19-4, 7-3 Big 12) firmly in control — even without top scorer Keenan Evans taking a shot in that stretch.
Evans still finished with 17 points and six assists, while Zhaire Smith had 12 points.
Vladimir Brodziansky led TCU (16-7, 4-6) with 18 points, while Bane had 13. Kenrich Williams had 12 points and 13 rebounds.
NO. 15 WEST VIRGINIA 89, KANSAS STATE 51
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) — Sagaba Konate scored 19 points and West Virginia ended a three-game losing streak.
James “Beetle” Bolden added 13 points in his first career start, Teddy Allen had 12 points off the bench and Wes Harris had 10 for West Virginia (17-6, 6-5 Big 12).
Dean Wade scored 17 points and Xavier Sneed had 16 for Kansas State (16-7, 5-5).
The Wildcats never led, were held to their lowest scoring output of the season and had more turnovers (15) than field goals (14).
NO. 20 CLEMSON 75, WAKE FOREST 67
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (AP) — Gabe DeVoe scored 24 points to lead Clemson.
Marcquise Reed added 10 of his 22 in the final six minutes to help the Tigers (19-4, 8-3 Atlantic Coast Conference) win their third straight and claim sole possession of second place in the league standings, a half-game ahead of No. 4 Duke.
Bryant Crawford scored 16 points and Keyshawn Woods added 13 for the Demon Deacons (9-14, 2-9). Wake Forest went 5 minutes without a field goal down the stretch while Clemson finally took control of a tight game that had 20 lead changes and 12 ties.
Doral Moore added 13 rebounds for the Demon Deacons. Shelton Mitchell finished with 10 points for the Tigers.
MISSOURI 69, NO. 21 KENTUCKY 60
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — Missouri had never beaten Kentucky in 10 previous tries, but behind 16 points each from Jordan Barnett and Kassius Robertson, the Tigers finally cleared that Big Blue hurdle.
The 21st-ranked Wildcats (17-6, 6-4 Southeastern Conference) had erased double-digit deficits the last two games in victories over West Virginia and Vanderbilt, but their poor shooting against Missouri's stingy defence ensured there would be no rally this time.
Kentucky shot 31.3 per cent from the field. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander led the Wildcats with 15 points and six assists.
Jontay Porter added 13 points and eight rebounds for Missouri (15-8, 5-5 SEC).
Missouri led 28-18 at halftime, as Kentucky made just 20 per cent of its first-half shots and went 0 for 10 from 3-point range.
ALABAMA 68, NO. 23 FLORIDA 50
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Collin Sexton scored 17 points, Donta Hall notched his fourth double-double of the season, and Alabama rallied from a 10-point deficit for the upset.
Sexton added eight rebounds and six assists for the Tide (15-8, 6-4 Southeastern Conference), which improved to 2-4 on the road.
The Gators (15-8, 6-4) lost their third consecutive SEC game, the first time that's happened since the end of coach Mike White's first season in 2016.
Alabama dominated Florida in the paint, on the glass and up and down the floor. Sexton took over in the second half, dribbling through the defence and creating open layups and dunks.
Hall was one of the beneficiaries. He made all seven shots and finished with 14 points and 11 boards.
KeVaughn Allen led the Gators with 16 points.
NO. 24 MICHIGAN 76, MINNESOTA 73, OT
ANN Arbour, Mich. (AP) — Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman made a tiebreaking three-point play with 3.8 seconds left and finished with 17 points as Michigan held on in overtime.
The Wolverines (19-6, 8-4 Big Ten) needed the extra time to win because they struggled to shoot from the field and the line.
The Golden Gophers (14-11, 3-9) were in a position to end their longest losing streak of the year because freshman Isaiah Washington had a season-high 26 points and Nate Mason scored 22 points, including a 3-pointer with 5.3 seconds left that tied the game.
Mason was just short on a shot from about 30 feet that would have forced a second overtime.
The US Export-Import bank (Ex-Im), a key financing tool for major commercial aircraft transactions, moved a step closer to becoming fully functional again after US President Donald Trump nominated two new Ex-Im board members.
The nominees are former US Reps. Scott Garrett (R-New Jersey) and Spencer Bachus (R-Alabama). Garrett was nominated by Trump to be Ex-Im's president, while Bachus would be a board member. Both would have four-year terms. The US Senate must confirm the nominations.
Once a non-controversial US government agency that financed export credit loans, helping facilitate commercial aircraft deals, Ex-Im became a political lightening rod in 2015, with many lawmakers—particularly Republicans—criticizing it as a vehicle for crony capitalism. Ex-Im's authorization expired altogether for more than five months in 2015 before Congress restored its authority through 2019 in December 2015. However, Ex-Im has been only partially operational since then because it lacks the requisite number of board members to authorize transactions of more than $10 million, meaning it could not finance, among other deals, most Boeing commercial aircraft orders.
That status appeared unlikely to change after Trump was elected president; as a candidate, he had regularly blasted Ex-Im and promised to shut it down. But the president reversed course last week, telling the Wall Street Journal that while he once considered Ex-Im to be a “ridiculous thing,” he has come to understand that “actually it's a very good thing and it actually makes money.”
He then moved to nominate Garrett and Bachus, setting the stage for Ex-Im to be restored to full power if they are confirmed to the board. “This is a crucial next step to restoring a quorum on the bank's board so it can approve transactions larger than $10 million and restore American export competitiveness in the global marketplace,” the US Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) said in a statement, adding, “The bank currently has a backlog of 40 deals worth more than $30 billion that it cannot process … Ex-Im Bank support is critical for US exporters in the aerospace and defense industry—both large companies and their small and medium suppliers.”
However, some members of Congress pointed out that Garrett was among the lawmakers who have been vocal critics of Ex-Im and is an odd choice to lead the agency, calling into question how firm Trump's new support for Ex-Im actually is.
Aaron Karp aaron.karp@penton.com
WASHINGTON — As Boston Red Sox players donned red, white and blue outfits to celebrate a 3-0 victory on the 4th of July that completed a sweep, the Washington Nationals held a players-only meeting to discuss a fifth consecutive loss and the precarious spot they're now in beyond the halfway point of the season.
Done in again by small mistakes that get magnified in a stretch such as this, the preseason NL East favourites lost for the 17th time in 22 games Wednesday to fall below .500 for the first time this late in the year since being 60-61 on Aug. 21, 2015.
This time, it was a throwing error by Adam Eaton on a sacrifice fly in foul territory and a wild pitch by Ryan Madson (2-4) in a disastrous seventh inning that dropped the Nationals to 42-43 and kept them from making up ground on the division-leading Atlanta Braves.
“We're a good team and we're going to go out there and compete with anybody,” said Bryce Harper, who went 0 for 4 with two strikeouts.
“We just have to keep grinding and keep doing our thing and good things will happen. We've never been in this position before, and I think it's an exciting time for us. In years past, we've won the division by a lot of games. We're able to be behind right now and I'm excited to get there and test it.”
Powered by struggling outfielder Jackie Bradley Jr.'s two RBIs on the sac fly and a ninth-inning double and a strong start by Eduardo Rodriguez (10-3), the Red Sox moved 30 games over .500 under rookie manager Alex Cora.
“We know where we're at, but we still have a long ways to go,” Cora said. “(The Nationals) have a good team. They'll figure it out. I've seen that before from them. They struggle a little bit and they'll pick it up. They'll be in the hunt.”
Bradley, who came into the game hitting .201, worked full counts on each of his at-bats that produced a run. He was hoping the ball Eaton caught deep in foul territory down the third-base line would go out of play so he could see another pitch but will gladly take the RBIs — the second time this season he has had two in a game without a home run.
“Just had to continue to battle and finally get a pitch I could handle,” Bradley said. “Any time you can help the team win, it's a positive. It's good, any way you can do it.”
Rodriguez struck out six in six scoreless innings, mixing his change-up and slider in more often to keep Nationals hitters off-balance.
The Red Sox now have the first pair of 10-game winners in the majors with Rodriguez and Rick Porcello, whose double off Max Scherzer helped win them the first game of this series.
The Nationals have lost four series in a row. This freefall led to the postgame meeting Wednesday afternoon.
“It's ‘Let's get this thing going,”‘ Nationals infielder Trea Turner said. “We all know we're capable of playing better baseball. It's time we do it. It's do or die now.”
FEDDE HURT
Nationals starter Erick Fedde left the game one batter into the second inning with right shoulder stiffness and gave way to left-hander Matt Grace, who allowed just one hit and struck out four in four innings of relief. Manager Davey Martinez said Fedde was scheduled to have an MRI.
“We watched him throw and his (velocity) was down,” Martinez said. “He was out there and wanted to keep pitching. I went out there and they told me he was stiff and I said ‘No, we're not going to do that to you.”‘
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: Manager Alex Cora said LHP Drew Pomeranz (biceps tendinitis) would most likely make a second rehab start early next week. … RHP Tyler Thornburg was activated from the disabled list after rehabbing from shoulder surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome last June.
Nationals: 1B Matt Adams was activated after missing 16 games with a broken left index finger. To clear room, LHP Tim Collins was designated for assignment. … C Matt Wieters (left hamstring strain) is doing some catching, but still hasn't done enough running to be ready to return.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: After a day off, LHP Chris Sale (8-4, 2.41 ERA) brings a 15-inning scoreless streak into his Friday start at Kansas City, which is expected to start Jason Hammel (2-10, 5.56).
Nationals: RHP Jeremy Hellickson (2-1, 2.63) will look to last at least six innings to spare a heavily used bullpen when Washington faces RHP Pablo Lopez (1-0, 3.00) to open a four-game series against the Miami Marlins.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
16:38 Reported News Briefs Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 'An all-female tank will not operate in Lebanon' Read more IDF Ground Forces Commander says mixed-gender combat units are for patrolling peaceful borders, not intended for war. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Top adviser to Khamenei says Iran could resume its uranium enrichment in the wake of the U.S. withdrawal from 2015 nuclear deal.
A top adviser to Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Wednesday suggested that Iran could resume its uranium enrichment in the wake of the U.S. withdrawal from the 2015 nuclear deal.
The adviser, Ali Akbar Velayati, was quoted by The Associated Press as saying Iran is "capable to spin centrifuges for enrichment" to higher levels should it choose to do so.
Velayati added that Iran should also accelerate production of nuclear propulsions and also research on advanced centrifuges. He claimed this wouldn't violate the nuclear deal, which put limits on Iran's atomic program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions.
U.S. President Donald Trump announced earlier this month that he would pull out of the Iran deal and would reimpose sanctions on the Islamic Republic that were frozen as part of the agreement.
While Trump withdrew from the Iran deal and announced he would reimpose sanctions on Iran, the European Union did not follow suit, and said it would remain in the agreement and will do so “as long as Iran continues to implement its nuclear related commitments, as it is doing so far.”
Iran and the European signatories to the deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), held talks in Vienna on the weekend on how to keep the deal alive despite Washington's withdrawal.
Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi warned on Sunday that Iran will leave these negotiations if it feels that they are a waste of time.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani made clear several weeks ago that his country would only give Europe a “limited opportunity” to preserve the nuclear deal.
LONDON, Ont. — Police in London, Ont., say a suspect has been arrested and charged in connection with the death of a 27-year-old man last Saturday.
Police were called to the scene of an “altercation” at about 2:30 a.m. and found Dereck Szaflarski suffering serious injuries. He was pronounced dead in hospital.
The suspect fled the scene in a white vehicle, which was later recovered north of the city and returned to London for examination.
A second-degree murder warrant was subsequently issued for 35-year-old Robert Ashley Williams of London.
Police say he surrendered to investigators on Wednesday afternoon and is scheduled to appear in court on Thursday.
The new series of Death in Paradise has a line-up of guest stars as glittering as the Caribbean Sea. Episode by episode, here's who we will meet in each murder case – and where you've seen the actors before.
Advertisement
Episode eight
After a reggae reunion concert in Honoré, guitarist Billy is found dead in his dressing room, having apparently shot himself in the head. But DI Jack Mooney and the Commissioner are not convinced this is a suicide: is the death connected to the unsolved murder of Billy's wife?
Billy Springer – Levi Roots
Who does he play? Billy Springer is the guitarist for local reggae band Leon and the Ragers, who are playing their first reunion gig in 30 years. Back in the heyday of the band, his wife was murdered – but much to the frustration of the Commissioner and Billy himself, the killer was never caught. Now, after placing a call to the Commissioner saying he knows the identity of the killer, Billy is found dead in his dressing room.
Where have I seen him before? It's only Levi Roots, off Dragons' Den! An actual reggae musician who was a friend of Bob Marley's, performed for Nelson Mandela, and won a MOBO award, Levi Roots was the perfect person to play a reggae musician in Death in Paradise. He became a household name with his Reggae Reggae Sauce and is a breakout star of Dragons' Den. He now has a multi million pound business.
Maia Oprey – Suzanne Packer
Who does she play? Maya is part of the reggae band.
Where have I seen her before? Suzanne Packer will be a familiar face to TV fans: in the last couple of years she's been in Keeping Faith (as Delyth Lloyd), Bang (as Layla), Vera (as Sophia Ashbrook), Stella (as Carole) and The Level (as Teresa Devlin). She previously starred in Casualty as Tess Bateman.
Leon Laroche – Clint Dyer
Who does he play? As the lead singer of Leon and the Ragers, Leon is finally back on stage with his reggae band after 30 years.
Where have I seen him before? Clint Dyer recently appeared in the Black Mirror episode Metalhead, as Anthony. Other credits on his CV include Hope Springs, Acts of Vengeance, and The Bill.
Delmar Brown – Delroy Brown
Who does he play? Delmar is a reggae musician in the band Leon and the Ragers.
Where have I seen him before? You may recognise Delroy Brown as DC Lee Broadhurst from the TV series Scott & Bailey. He's also appeared in Emmerdale, Bad Education (as Mr Carmichael) and Holby City (as Cuthbert Bradley).
Kai Springer – Akemnji Ndifornyen
Who does he play? Kai's mother was sadly murdered many years ago, when he was just a baby. He is very close to his dad Billy, who raised him, and is devastated by his death.
Where have I seen him before? Akemnji Ndifornyen appeared in the TV series Leonardo as Machiavelli. He has previously starred in Doctors as Nathan Bailey, and recent projects include The Last Witness, America's War on Drugs, Obsession: Dark Desires, and The Javone Prince Show.
Dwayne's dad Nelson Myers – Ram John Holder
Who does he play? Dwayne Myers has a difficult relationship with his dad Nelson, who he tracked down in London when he was over there on a case in series six. Now Nelson has come to the Caribbean to mend the relationship, but so far he seems to be getting on everyone's nerves by making himself at home.
Advertisement
Where have I seen him before? Guyanese actor Ram John Holder is best known for playing Augustus “Porkpie” Grant in Channel 4 series Desmond's, with two series of his own spin-off Porkpie. He's also appeared as Wilson in Down to Earth, ‘Flying' Freddie Mercer in The Story of Tracy Beaker and first showed up in Death in Paradise last year. Alongside his screen work, Holder is a musician and has recorded several albums.
#BBNaija: Tonto Dikeh blasts Tunde Ednut for saying Nina should stop using an Android phone
Tonto Dikeh has slammed Tunde Ednut for subbing Nina to stop using an Android phone.
This comes after Tunde posted a not-so-clear video from Nina's first Instagram live post since she left the house.
“Nina, stop using Android.” Tunde wrote;
Tonto took to his comment section and wrote;
“Tunde you have been a celebrity longer than I can remember,so you can afford a phone.. Send her one she needs it,We are waiting since you are the first to notice it!!”
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Tonto Dikeh blasts Tunde Ednut for saying Nina should stop using an Android phone appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje on Wednesday invited Japanese companies to invest in solar energy sector in the state.
In her meeting with a delegation of Japan External Trade Organization (JETRO) here, she said solar energy is the power of the future and Rajasthan is the ideal destination for investment in Solar Energy.
“Rajasthan has benefitted from the special relationship between India and Japan. Japan and Rajasthan have been working together for more than a decade and this partnership will keep going stronger,” said Raje, according to an official statement.
JETRO, she said, has been playing pivotal role in this partnership.
The Japanese zone, set up in Neemrana in Alwar district during her last regime, has become a role model and other states are also emulating it.
She assured that Rajasthan Government was committed to provide all possible cooperation and support to JETRO and Japanese investors.
JETRO's Chief Director General, India, Kazuya Nakajo and other members of the delegation praised the steps taken by Rajasthan government to create an investor friendly atmosphere and promote ease of doing business in the state.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Louisville senior running back Jeremy Smith plans to transfer after sustaining a season-ending foot injury in September.
Cardinals spokesman Rocco Gasparro said Monday night in a text message that coach Bobby Petrino granted Smith's request for a release to transfer. Louisville's top returning rusher entering this season played one game and was injured in practice two days before the team faced defending national champion Clemson.
The 6-foot-2, 224-pound Smith transferred from Fresno City Community College after one season and rushed for 270 yards and three touchdowns as a sophomore. He had 382 yards rushing in 2016 and ranked third on the team with eight TDs.
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A boy band idol, kids' TV host and Gavin And Stacey star will join Grand panto favourite Steve Royle in this year's seasonal extravaganza.
The theatre will stage the enchanting rags-to-riches fairy tale Cinderella from Tuesday, December 5 to Sunday, January 7 - with an extra dash of sparkly magic.
Channel 5's Milkshake! presenter Olivia Birchenough as Cinderella
And the team promises 'sumptuous costumes, magnificent scenery and the unmissable and magical moment when Cinderella swaps her rags for a stunning ball gown and is transported to the Prince's Ball'.
Union J's JJ Hamblett will play Prince Charming, Welsh actor Melanie Walters - best known as Stacey's mother in the hit sitcom - will play the Fairy Godmother, and Channel 5's Milkshake! presenter Olivia Birchenough will play the title role Cinderella with Steve Royle as Buttons in his 15th year as part of the Grand's panto.
Also in the cast, as the Ugly Sisters, will be Jamie Morris and Tarot Joseph - who played the roles in the 2012/13 production of Cinderella, the Barbara Jackson Theatre Arts Centre dancers, and Shetland ponies live on stage.Marketing manager Andrew Howard said: "The pantomime season can't come around fast enough for us all at the Grand and with such a stellar line-up we'll be hoping for another record-breaking year.
"We're delighted to announce Steve Royle will be sharing yet another magical Christmas with us, he's one of the family. Putting on the panto takes a lot of hard work but it's an incredibly rewarding experience seeing the magic it brings to so many children at Christmas time."
Melanie Walters, from Gavin And Stacey
The Grand Theatre is also hoping to make the festive season a bit more special for local groups in need with their Magic And Sparkle tickets.
Panto-goers are being invited to buy an extra ticket at a special rate, which will then be donated to local groups.
Andrew added: "As the Grand aims to be the theatre of choice for Blackpool, Fylde and Wyre and to offer opportunities to enjoy, participate and learn through the arts this year we will be launching very special Magic & Sparkle tickets.
"We'd like our customers to think in these hard times of others that might not be as fortunate as themselves and how much of a experience they would be giving if they purchased one extra pantomime ticket at a very special rate.
JJ Hamblett from Union J
"The theatre will then donate these Magic And Sparkle tickets to organisations and community groups who really need a special treat at Christmas.
"We've made it really easy to do whether you're booking in person, at the box office, or online."
Cinderella is presented by Martin Dodd for UK Productions which has presented the Christmas pantomime at the Grand since 2003.
Visit www.blackpoolgrand.co.uk or call the box office on 01253 290190 to book.
In at least 126 cases, the authorities said, babies born to unmarried mothers were adopted and their adoptive parents' names were written on their birth certificates, instead of the name of the birth mother.
Mr. Finlay said the St. Patrick's Guild was one of at least seven large adoption agencies that operated in Ireland then. It was a time when unwanted pregnancy carried so much social stigma that many young women and their parents went to great lengths to conceal it.
Many smaller institutions were also involved in arranging adoptions, with little or no supervision. As they closed, their files were handed over to the government's child protection agency, Tusla.
Tusla took over the St Patrick's Guild files in 2016 and discovered, while attempting to help adopted children trace their birth parents, that some of the births had been fraudulently registered. In a statement, it said it had referred the fraudulent registrations to the police. But few if any of the people responsible are likely to be still alive.
Officials at the child protection agency said their main priority now was to identify and locate all the people whose birth certificates were falsified.
“We are very aware that this will be a shock for people affected and may cause upset and anxiety,” the agency said in its statement. “We will work closely with people throughout and offer support, including counseling, while allowing them their autonomy to decide what steps they want to take.”
Wednesday was not the first time Irish officials felt obliged to apologize for the treatment of unwed mothers. The government has also apologized for the conditions at church-run homes for mothers and babies, and at Magdalene Laundries, where women were forced to work.
OMNISPORT
The Cleveland Indians and the Houston Astros drew first blood with respective wins over the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox in the American League Division Series.
Runner-up in the MLB World Series last season, the Indians – with LeBron James and his Cleveland Cavaliers team-mates watching in the crowd – took down the Yankees 4-0 on Thursday.
In the early going at Progressive Field, it was a duel between the Yankees' big trade deadline acquisition Sonny Gray and the Indians' surprise pick to start the first game, Trevor Bauer.
As the night wore on, Cleveland worked more counts, moved up repeatedly on wild pitches, and were able to stretch their lead against a tired Yankees bullpen.
After the elation of their wildcard win on Tuesday, the Yankees are now in danger of failing to move on in the postseason with AL Cy Young Award candidate Corey Kluber waiting to take the mound for the Indians in game two on Friday.
The Astros jumped out to a 1-0 lead in the ALDS with an 8-2 win over the Red Sox.
In a game that was touted as a battle of aces, it was Jose Altuve and the Astros' offence that stole the show in Houston from Justin Verlander and Chris Sale.
ALTUVE SEES JUDGE'S HOMER AND RAISES HIM TWO
Altuve is one of the two leaders in the AL in the MVP race. He leads MLB in batting average (.346), was second in base hits (204), was fourth in WAR (7.56), sixth in runs scored (112) and ninth in OPS (.957). He sometimes gets overshadowed by Yankees rookie Aaron Judge, but he has been as good as any player in MLB this year.
Altuve went three for four with three solo home runs in the win, becoming the first in MLB history to hit three home runs in the team's opening postseason game.
There is a reason Cleveland's Bauer was the number three overall pick in the 2011 MLB Draft. He threw 5.3 hitless innings to start things off. He finished with 6.6 scoreless while allowing two hits and striking out eight.
ASTROS JUMP ON SALE EARLY, JUDGE FIZZLES
Astros manager A.J. Hinch had a couple of goals for his team against AL Cy Young Award candidate Sale. One was that he wanted his team to jump on him early and that is exactly what they did.
In the first inning, Alex Bregman got Houston on the board first with a home run to left field. Altuve followed it with a home run of his own to left-centre.
Sale gave up just one first-inning homer this season. He gave up two on Thursday and finished the night at just five-plus innings with seven runs on nine hits, one walk and six strikeouts.
Judge had Yankee Stadium rocking on Tuesday night in the wildcard game, but had the New York faithful shaking their heads on Thursday.
The 25-year-old right fielder went 0 for four with four strikeouts, and looked lost at the plate. He did reach base once, coming on courtesy of a wild pitch from Bauer on a strikeout.
BRUCE JUSTIFYING TRADE, GRAY NOT SO MUCH
The Indians acquired Jay Bruce from the New York Mets in August for virtually nothing. The Yankees had to give up three of their top 10 prospects for Gray. On Thursday, it looked like the Indians got a better deal while the Yankees were fleeced by the Oakland Athletics.
Bruce went two for three on the night with a home run, double, sacrifice fly and three RBIs. His two-run home run in the fourth inning made Cleveland's lead look astronomical with Bauer dominating on the hill.
In the meantime, Gray lasted just 3.3 innings, gave up three hits, three runs and four walks while striking out two. Since coming over to New York, Gray went 4-7 during the regular season and is now 0-1 in postseason play.
ASTROS DUO COMBINE
Bregman and Altuve hit back-to-back home runs in the playoffs for just the second time in Astros history.
Some were surprised when Jason Kipnis got the start in centre field for the Indians. Any doubt they had about his ability to play the position went out the window in the third inning.
RED SOX, YANKEES LOOK TO BOUNCE BACK
It is a battle of the lefties on Friday as 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner Dallas Keuchel (14-5, 2.90 ERA) takes on Red Sox starter Drew Pomeranz (17-6, 3.32 ERA). Houston have had trouble with Pomeranz this year as the 28-year-old has gone 2-0 with a 1.48 ERA against them this season. He has allowed just two runs and seven hits in 12 1/3 innings.
The Indians will now play their ace-in-the-hole in Kluber (18-4, 2.20 ERA). Terry Francona decided to pitch him in game two and the Yankees will now try to get to a pitcher they have had a lot of trouble with so far this season. Kluber is 2-0 with a 1.58 ERA in 17 innings against New York this year. He struck out 18 while walking just two. CC Sabathia (14-5, 3.69) will be on the bump for the Yankees.
West Brom have announced the signing of goalkeeper Sam Johnstone from Manchester United in a deal reported to be worth £10million.
Johnstone has had numerous loans in the Championship, including spells at Aston Villa, Preston North End and Doncaster Rovers, but failed to make a Premier League appearance for United.
And the 25-year-old will now have a chance to continue building his reputation at West Brom, who are reported to have paid an initial £6.5m.
Johnstone has signed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns and is keen to get started at his new club.
"I'm happy to be here. I've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things," Johnstone told the West Brom website.
"It's good to get through the door. I've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end up back at Manchester United or going somewhere else.
"Now it's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here."
Head coach Darren Moore added: "Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper he can possibly be - he's hungry to do that with us at Albion.
"We've had him targeted from the outset and we're all delighted to have him on board. He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come."
Johnstone's arrival could hasten the departure of another ex-United goalkeeper, Ben Foster.
Former England international Foster has been linked with a switch to Watford, while United are reportedly ready to replace Johnstone with Stoke City goalkeeper Lee Grant.
Paul Trantow/Bravo
This week on Top Chef, Tom Colicchio was very disappointed in everyone. In fact, the most shocking part of the show was that Tom didn't just walk off the set forever at the end, muttering about how “I could get better nachos at a Barstow truck stop.”
You chefs, you really blew it this week. Seriously, the actives say they might ding your entire pledge class.
Bravo
(I call this face “Tom Ennuichio”)
Not only that, there were two eliminations this week, and it's become abundantly clear, just due to simple math, that at least one chef that I've listed as a favorite all season long isn't going to make the finale. Does that mean that I regret my choice of favorites? That my rankings are worthless? That I should admit that I've been wrong all along?
Nay, I decline. I believe, Donald Rumseld-like, that I was simply making the best choice based on the information I had to go on at the time. (I am not owned! I am not owned…)
The week opened with a bombshell, dropped by Padma (stop this bombshell on bombshell violence!): that this week's quickfire would not only not come with the prize of immunity, but the loser would go home. And for what mega-important challenge would failure warrant the punishment of sudden death??? Why, cooking with edible flowers, of course.
Hmm, curious choice, that. I'll be honest, when I think of a challenge that will test chefs on the skills necessary for chef success, “cook me up a plate of daffodils” isn't the first thing that comes to mind. (“…And don't overcook the stamens!”)
Nonetheless, the show went on. Favorites were laid low, lovable fat guys got kicked off. After that it was time for the elimination challenge — a Super Bowl tailgate! — which, thanks to the magic of television, was actually filmed months ago (presumably back when the guest-judging Denver Broncos still had a realistic shot at making the playoffs). Prior to their eight-game losing streak between October and December, I'm guessing.
Those guest judges included “placekicker/food blogger” Brandon McManus, who seemed to have his job as guest judge stolen out from under him by cornerback Bradley Roby, who kept putting up great disses and setting up Tom for football puns. Here's Roby setting Tom up for “I think this mac and cheese ran the wrong route.”
Bravo
I'm really enjoying the “dad pun, smirk” combo Tom has been throwing all season. Anyway, great job judging out there, Roby! (*appreciative hetero ass pat*)
Caroline Wozniacki eased into the third round of the French Open with a 6-1 6-0 demolition of Georgina Garcia Perez on Wednesday.
The second seed needed just 51 minutes to see of qualifier Garcia Perez, who struggled to cope in her maiden appearance on Court Philippe Chatrier.
Wozniacki took control early on and did not relent as she put her 26-year-old opponent, who was spirited but well short of the world number two's quality, to the sword.
The Dane raced into a 5-0 lead before Garcia Lopez spared herself the ignominy of a bagel by finally getting a game on the board.
She could not do the same in the second set, however, as Wozniacki - who made only eight unforced errors to Garcia Lopez's 29 - wrapped up a comfortable victory in emphatic fashion.
The result sets up a third-round clash with Alize Cornet or Pauline Parmentier.
Photo: Mark Seliger
By Scott T. Sterling
Shery Crow has shared a new song, “The Dreaming Kind,” a tribute to victims of the Sandy Hook school shooting.
Related: Sheryl Crow Releases ‘Halfway There' Music Video
“The tragedy in Newtown 5 years ago and the countless lives lost in mass shootings since have weighed heavily on my heart,” Crow said of the song. “I felt compelled to write ‘The Dreaming Kind' for the incredible people at Sandy Hook Promise who work so hard every day to combat gun violence. The extraordinary work this organization does to educate and protect our nation from further bloodshed gives me hope for a better tomorrow. I hope this song will inspire the same feeling in those who hear it.
“Sandy Hook Promise is a national nonprofit organization founded and led by several families whose loved ones were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14, 2012. In just 3 years, Sandy Hook Promise has trained over 2.5 million youth and adults across all 50 states with its evidenced-based Know The Signs gun violence prevention programs. The four programs – which include Start With Hello, Say Something, Signs of Suicide and Safety Assessment & Intervention – are offered free to schools and youth organizations across the country. These programs have helped stop multiple school shootings, suicides and other acts of violence, as well as reduced incidences of bullying and helped many young people get the mental health services they need.
“Every $1 you donate helps Sandy Hook Promise train one student or adult how to Know The Signs of individuals at-risk of hurting themselves or others and take action to get help. By training two-generations of Americans, we are creating a culture engaged in preventing gun violence, resulting in saving more lives and keeping our schools and communities safe, nationwide. Thank you so much for your support.”
Crow performed the song on Good Morning America today (Dec. 11), sharing the stage with her 12-year-old niece, Ava Crow, 12, who also appears on the studio version of the track.
“She's still very innocent and very wide-eyed. Her voice is pure and very touching,” Crow told People. “She came over, she sang it four times and it was perfect.”
Watch the music video for Crow's new track below.
Your chance to get to know the candidates for Mayor of Atlanta is just days away. The 9 major candidates have confirmed their attendance at the CBS Radio Atlanta mayoral forum on Monday, October 9. Radio stations WVEE (V103) and WAOK are hosting the forum, from 8am to 10am, inside the Rich Auditorium at the Woodruff Arts Center. It's located at 1280 Peachtree Street, in Midtown Atlanta. The candidates that are expected to be in attendance are: Peter Aman, former Chief Operating Officer of Atlanta; Keisha Lance Bottoms, Atlanta City Council member; John Eaves, Fulton County Chairman, District 7, At-Large; Vincent Fort, Georgia State Senator; Kwanza Hall, Atlanta City Council member (District 2); Ceasar Mitchell, Atlanta City Council President; Mary Norwood, Atlanta City Council member (Post 2 At Large) and candidate for Mayor in 2009; Michael Sterling, Former Executive Director of the City of Atlanta Workforce Development Agency; and Cathy Woolard, former Atlanta City Council President. The election is on November 7.
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) - Missouri had never beaten Kentucky in 10 previous tries, but behind 16 points each from Jordan Barnett and Kassius Robertson, the Tigers finally cleared that Big Blue hurdle with a 69-60 victory Saturday.
The 21st-ranked Wildcats (17-6, 6-4 Southeastern Conference) had erased double-digit deficits the last two games in victories over West Virginia and Vanderbilt, but their poor against Missouri's stingy defense ensured there would be no rally this time.
Kentucky shot 31.3 percent from the field. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander led the Wildcats with 15 points six assists.
Jontay Porter added 13 points and eight rebounds for Missouri (15-8, 5-5 SEC).
Missouri led 28-18 at halftime, as Kentucky made just 20 percent of its first-half shots and went 0 for 10 from 3-point range.
As usual in a game involving Missouri - a defensive-minded and foul-prone team - the game was physical. Late in the first half, Kentucky's Jarred Vanderbilt took exception to Jared Geist's box-out, wrestled Geist to the court and had to be restrained. Both players received technical fouls, and Vanderbilt was assessed a flagrant foul.
Early in the second half, Geist drew a flagrant foul for elbowing Gilgeous-Alexander in the face.
The Wildcats cut the lead 33-32 on Jalen Knox's layup with 16:14 remaining. Then Missouri went on an 8-0 run, started with a 3-pointer and transition layup by Porter and finished with Barnett's 3-pointer. The Tigers maintained the lead the rest of the way.
BIG PICTURE
Kentucky: The Wildcats made just 2 of 20 shots from 3-point range. The Wildcats' nation-leading streak of 1,035 straight games with a 3-pointer - dating to Nov. 28, 1998 - was in jeopardy until Wenyen Gabriel made one with 2:53 left in the game.
Missouri: The Tigers have played themselves back into NCAA Tournament contention in the last week with two straight victories over top-half SEC teams. Missouri won at Alabama on Wednesday before beating Kentucky on Saturday.
UP NEXT
Kentucky: Hosts 18th-ranked Tennessee on Tuesday.
Missouri: Visits Mississippi on Tuesday.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today." Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today." Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged...
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations says women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard, even if it involves President Donald Trump.
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations says women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard, even if it involves President Donald Trump.
(AP Photo/Andrew Harnik). President Donald Trump walks across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Trump is returning from a trip to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla.
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump is disputing a report that he watches hours of television each day, calling it, "Another false story."
The president is pushing back against a report in The New York Times about his first year in office that mentioned he watches at least four hours of television a day, sometimes twice that amount.
Trump says on Twitter that he "seldom, if ever," watches CNN or MSNBC, "both of which I consider Fake News." The president says he also never watches CNN anchor Don Lemon's show, "CNN Tonight."
The Times said its story was based on interviews with 60 advisers, associates, friends and members of Congress.
Trump has repeatedly lodged complaints about mainstream news outlets that he argues have covered his presidency unfairly and inaccurately.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Day two of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers mandatory mini-camp took place over at One Buc Place Wednesday afternoon.
Quarterback Jameis Winston said he is thrilled to be working with talented receivers, including DeSean Jackson.
Season ticket holders were able to watch Jackson and the team practice today.
The Bucs acquired the talented wide-out in free agency this offseason after he had a pretty productive year with the Washington Redskins in 2016, over 1,000 receiving yards to be exact.
At 30 years-old, Jackson shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon and brings experience and a cool confidence to this young Buccaneer offense.
“DeSean brings a pleasant mindset to this team. He's laid back. He's going to do his job, and he loves to make big plays,” said Winston.
“Obviously they brought me here for a reason. I'm here for a reason. I want to accommodate that and do things of that nature to be in the right spot at the right time, especially when he (Winston) drops back and he's going through his progression. I feel like I'm going to do my best job to get open, beat my guy…from there do the best I can to score a touchdown or whatever it is I'm called to do,” said Jackson.
The last day of mini-camp will be held on Thursday, June 15 at One Buc Place.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He has been one of Chester FC 's key men this season but the future of Ryan Lloyd remains unclear.
The 3-0 defeat to Solihull Moors on New Year's Day marked the final game of the central midfielder's loan spell from League One Port Vale, with the 22-year-old now back with the Valiants and left in limbo.
Such has been the calibre of Lloyd's performances this season, he has received interest from at least two National League clubs, one of which is understood to be Steve Burr's Southport.
Lloyd has publicly stated his desire to remain with Chester but the decision could be taken out of his hands if a permanent offer to take him away from Vale Park arises, with the midfielder's contract up at the end of the season.
It appears that Lloyd may not have a future with the Staffordshire club but there does remain the chance that Chester could retain his services on loan to the end of the season, although a permanent move for Lloyd away from Vale Park for a fee could prove attractive for the League One side.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
The Chronicle understands that the Blues are exploring all options with Lloyd and there remains a chance that he could join Chester on a permanent deal, although should a fee be involved then that may prove problematic for the Blues, operating within a tight budget.
Chester manager Jon McCarthy has made no secret of his desire to keep Lloyd at the club and reaffirmed his stance after the Solihull Moors game, stating that the club were also keen to keep Theo Vassell, whose loan spell from Walsall also came to an end on New Year's Day.
(Photo: Terry Marland)
"We are trying to make that happen but they are good players and they create some interest," said McCarthy.
"I'll have to fight as hard as I can to see if we can make him stay. He (Lloyd) likes it here and he is in a team that is fighting in the top half of the table. We have a good relationship with Port Vale and so we will do everything to try and keep him.
"But circumstances might go against us, we don't own the player. It is facts, it is resources. We will be as ambitious as we can with our resources."
Lloyd has been a mainstay of the Chester side so far this season after joining on loan for a second time in August, having spent time on loan at the Blues last season under the now Southport manager Burr.
January looks set to be a testing time for McCarthy, whose side travel to Braintree Town on Saturday (3pm), with the futures of Lloyd and Vassell up in the air as well as anticipated interest in teenage defender Sam Hughes and possibly other players too.
DUBUQUE, Iowa — A 20-year-old man has pleaded not guilty to charges that he drove onto and damaged the Iowa baseball field made famous by the 1989 “Field of Dreams” movie.
The Telegraph Herald reports that Austin Pape, of Dyersville, entered a written plea before his arraignment scheduled for Monday in Dubuque. Investigators say Pape has acknowledged driving onto the field Jan. 22, and his attorney has said Pape will work with prosecutors on a resolution.
Court records say the owner estimated the damage at more than $5,500. The vehicle left deep gashes in the field and damaged sprinklers.
The field sits 2 miles (3 kilometres) outside Dyersville — 142 miles (228 kilometres) northeast of Des Moines. Thousands of people visit the property, running around the bases and walking to the surrounding cornfields.
——
Information from: Telegraph Herald, http://www.thonline.com
Apple Music is developing a “Shark Tank”-like reality show called “Planet of the Apps” where people pitch apps to Gwyneth Paltrow, Will.I.Am, and Jessica Alba. Which famous singer wrote a letter criticizing Apple Music & then later allowed Apple Music to release an exclusive tour documentary?
During an appearance on “Ellen” Lin Manuel Miranda said he was conceived to “I Will Survive” by Gloria Gaynor. Finish the Lyrics to the beginning of the song.
There are photos of Adele with a broken Grammy online, and some people are saying she split it in half so she could share it with Beyonce. In which 2004 teen comedy starring Lindsey Lohan does the main character split her Spring Fling crown in pieces to share?
Scarlett Johansson is in the middle of her second divorce, and she says, quote, “I don't think it's natural to be a monogamous person.” In the 2009 romantic comedy, He's Just Not That Into You, what famous male actor played her love interest? The New England Patriots like their chances next year. They've trademarked the phrase “Blitz for Six”. What year did they win their first ring?
Can you beat Kennedy?
ATLANTA (AP) — Two Georgia inmates who killed their guards and escaped from a prison bus have stolen a second vehicle as they try to stay ahead of a massive manhunt, a sheriff said Wednesday.
Donnie Russell Rowe, serving life without parole, and Ricky Dubose, who has prominent tattoos on his face and neck, took a white pickup truck from an industrial site sometime between 6 p.m. Tuesday and 6 a.m. Wednesday, potentially enabling them to get hours away before the theft was discovered, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills said.
A manhunt is under way for two inmates accused of killing two guards on a prison bus Tuesday. A Putnam County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman says the escape and slayings happened on Highway 16 as inmates were being transported between facilities. (June 13)
Sills described the fugitives as violent repeat offenders and extremely dangerous, having taken the guards' 9 mm pistols. He urged anyone who sees them to call 911 immediately.
“They just murdered two corrections officers in a brutal fashion,” Sills said. “They're not concerned with anything regarding human life.”
Immediately after the killings early Tuesday, the pair carjacked a driver who happened to pull up behind the bus on a rural highway, and drove away in a “grass green,” four-door 2004 Honda Civic with the Georgia license plate number RBJ-6601, authorities said.
They left 31 other inmates locked in the bus with the two dead guards, and took the Honda driver's phone. By the time help arrived, they had vanished.
Hours later, authorities converged on the small city of Madison, about 25 miles to the north, where they determined the fugitives had ransacked a house around 10:30 a.m. Tuesday. Sills said the fugitives took some food and likely some clothes, since they left their prison uniforms behind.
Authorities put up roadblocks, only to discover Wednesday morning that the pickup had been stolen, from a site about 9 miles away from the burglary. Now authorities also are searching for a 2008 white Ford F250 pickup truck with the Georgia tag BCX-5372. Since they haven't found the Honda Civic yet, it's not clear whether the fugitives are still together.
“It's very frustrating,” Sills said. “We need the public's help in locating these vehicles and locating these individuals.”
Sills agreed with reporters that Dubose will have trouble hiding his prominent tattoos, which include crowns above his eyebrows, a star below his right ear and graffiti-style letters all across his neck. Sills said Dubose also has “ghost” tattooed on his right forefinger and “face” on his right pinky finger — signs of membership in the Ghost Face Gangsters.
Both escaped inmates were serving long sentences for armed robbery and other crimes. The Department of Corrections website indicates Rowe has been serving life without parole since 2002, and Dubose began a 20-year sentence in 2015.
The inmates have been cellmates more than once in Georgia's prisons, had known each other for “quite a while” and may have planned the escape together, Department of Corrections Assistant Commissioner Ricky Myrick said. He wasn't sure whether they were cellmates at Baldwin State Prison immediately prior to the escape.
Baldwin State Prison officers Sgt. Christopher Monica and Sgt. Curtis Billue were driving 33 inmates between prisons when Rowe and Dubose overpowered them and then used the guards' guns to kill them around 6:45 a.m. Tuesday, authorities have said.
The other inmates have been questioned and a camera on the bus recorded the guards being shot, but corrections officials have not explained to the public how the pair managed to get through the inmate compartment's normally locked door.
“They were inside the caged area of the bus,” Sills said. “How they got through the locks and things up to that area I do not know.”
The sheriff said he's watched the bus video on a cellphone, and couldn't immediately tell which inmate fired the fatal shots.
Monica, 42, and Billue, 58, were both transfer sergeants at Baldwin State Prison. Monica had been with the Georgia Department of Corrections since October 2009 and Billue since July 2007.
“Officer Billue's family asks for prayers for all of those who are now placing their own lives at risk to bring these men to justice and asks anyone who has information that may assist in apprehending these perpetrators to please contact law enforcement,” Jim Green, an attorney who's speaking for the Billue family, said in an email Tuesday.
The reward for information leading to their arrest grew Wednesday to $90,000, contributed by multiple agencies, Sills said.
The FBI announced plans to hold a news conference in Madison on Thursday along with state and local law enforcement to provide a “comprehensive update” on the investigation.
Sills said it's likely the pair has left the Madison area. Many law enforcement officers from local, state and federal agencies are hunting for them. “They've certainly had time to get out of the state,” Sills said.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester FC skipper John McCombe is hoping that the pressure on Hartlepool United from their own supporters tomorrow night will play into the hands of the Blues.
Chester travels to Victoria Park to face a Pools side who have found the going tough in the National League so far following their relegation from the Football League at the end of last season.
Former Airbus UK Broughton and The New Saints boss Craig Harrison took over at the helm during the summer and a host of new players have arrived but Hartlepool, among the title favourites, have been left with just one point from their opening three games so far.
The pressure is already starting to build on Harrison and McCombe is hoping that proves a boon for the Blues tomorrow evening (7.45pm kick off).
“We're confident in any game,” said McCombe, a summer arrival from Macclesfield Town.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“They lost to Maidenhead so they will obviously be feeling the pressure after one point from three games and dropping down with a new manager, it will be a bit tough for them. But we'll just concentrate on our game.
“The crowd does come into that in some games. You know how fans are, they can get on your back and being a big club in this league they'll be expecting them to be top of the league and one point out of three is probably not what they expected. Hopefully we can start well and the fans might get on their back but we'll just concentrate on what we do on the pitch, play at a high tempo, get in their faces and try and get the three points.”
Chester could welcome striker Nyal Bell back into the fold after he missed Saturday's 0-0 draw with FC Halifax Town after needing dentistry work following a nasty bang to the mouth against AFC Fylde on Tuesday night.
For Hartlepool, former Chester skipper Luke George, who signed for Pools from the Blues in the summer, is likely to miss out once again as he bids to recover from a hamstring injury that has seen him sidelined for much of pre-season and the start of the new campaign.
Quit Notice: Ethnic groups urge Osinbajo to beg Ndigbo to forgive Northern youths
…Urge Osinbajo to attend, calm frayed nerves; beg Ndigbo to forgive Northern youths
…Northerners in S'East condemn eviction threat
…Beware the ides of July, Christian leaders warn
…Igbo, Arewa student leaders visit Ohanaeze Ndigbo
By Chioma Gabriel, Vincent Ujumadu, Levinus Nwabughiogu, Sam Eyoboka & Olayinka Latona
ABUJA—Determined to douse the tension arising from the three-month quit notice to Igbo residents in the north and restore the country to the path of peace, a coalition of ethnic nationalities have sued for calm amongst Nigerian youths.
This came as some leaders of Igbo and Arewa students paid a visit to the national Deputy Publicity Secretary of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Comrade Chuks Ibegbu with a message to be conveyed to Ohanaeze, calling Ndigbo to forgive the Northern youths that provoked them by calling for their eviction in the North; even as Nigerian Christian leaders called on the Federal Government to arrest the situation before it develops to something unmanagable.
The coalition of ethnic nationalities also called on the Federal Government to urgently convoke a national youth confab, which would have Acting President Yemi Osinbajo in attendance.
Rising from a meeting in Abuja yesterday, the groups also called for a ceasefire among the various youth groups in the country.
In a communique raised at the end of the meeting, the groups said that the constitution of Nigeria guarantees Nigerians the right to live in any part of the country of their choice.
They added that the confab would provide Osinbajo an opportunity to hear the grievances of the youths, stressing that it would also calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.
According to the groups, their resolve to toe the path of peace was hinged on the intervention of former Governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi who they said advised them to remain calm.
The communique was signed by Comrade Eric Oluwale of Yoruba Youths Council Worldwide and Secretary General, Ethnic National Youths Leaders; Comrade Emma Zompal of the Middle Belt Youth Council Worldwide; Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council; Barr. Oweilaemi Ereotubo of the Ijaw Youths Council; and Arewa Northern Youths Assembly led by Alhaji Musa Abdulahi.
The communique read in part: “Good citizens of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, we wish to express our concern over the quit notice to Igbos by Arewa youths last week. Nigeria's Constitution gives right to citizens of Nigeria to freely move to any part of the land and choose where to live without any form of discrimination and denial. We hereby declare the quit notice unconstitutional and treasonable.
“We condemn the quit notice served by Arewa youths to Igbos resident in the North and have resolved for peace to reign in all quarters. The meeting has, however, instituted the peace process of reconciling the north and the south east
“We are still insisting on restructuring of the country so as to guarantee an equitable federalism for peaceful co existence.
“We have resolved to toe the line of peace, owing to the fatherly advice from the former governor of Anambra State, Chief Peter Obi, the Okwute Ndigbo. The youths, without hesitation, are ready to heed his advice considering his towering reputation beyond the shores of Nigeria. He remains in history as the best governor Anambra has ever had and for that singular reason, his intervention is welcome.
“Obi has made it clear to the youths that there is futility in disunity and songs of war. He has convinced us that we are better off together, united.
“In the light of the above, we call for immediate end to further verbal exchanges on the above matter. This is the time for us to unite and champion a common course for Nigeria's unity.
“However, the youths hereby resolve that there will be a national youth confab in order to address fundamental problems. “The confab must have in attendance, the Acting President Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. This shall be an opportunity for him to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.”
Igbo, Arewa student leaders visit Ohanaeze Ndigbo
The student groups under the auspices of the World Igbo Students Association, WISA, and Coalition of All Arewa Students, COAS, lauded Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership led by Nnia Nwodo for the manner they piloted Ndigbo not to over-react over the statement by Arewa youths.
They also lauded Igbo governors, leaders and people in the North for the mature manner they have been handling the matter despite the provocation.
They appealed to Comrade Ibegbu to convey their message of goodwill to the new Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership and urge it to continue to build bridges of understanding between Ndigbo and other Nigerians. They reminded Ndigbo of the historic political relationship between them and the North in the 60s and also during the second republic.
‘The relationship between the North and Ndigbo has deepened so much that the vituperations of some misguided youths in the North cannot thaw it', they noted.
In his reponse, Comrade Chuks Ibegbu thanked the students and assured them that he will convey their messages of goodwill to the Ohanaeze President General, Chief Nnia Nwodo and Ohanaeze leadership. He urged the youths to continue to work together to build a prosperous nation as the future belongs to them. He acknowledged and lauded the solidarity from all parts of Nigeria and the international community to Ndigbo since that statement and noted that Ndigbo will again take it as one of those challenges and sacrifices they have been making for nation building.
The delegation was led by Comrade Odera Udutchey for WISA, Comrade Tijanni Yusuf for COAS, Bala Usman for Arewa Youths and Nnamdi Chukwu for Igbo youths
Northerners in S'East applaud hospitality of their Igbo hosts
Meantine, Northerners in the South East under the aegis of Coalition of All Northern Peoples in the South East CONPISE, have dissociated themselves from the clamour by some Northern youths for Igbos to quit the North. The group called on Ndigbo in the North to disregard that provocative statement and go about their normal businesses.
The group also urged Northern leaders to caution the unruly boys who want to pitch them with Ndigbo, noting that they have been living in peace with Ndigbo since ages and will not want the relationship to get sour.
They appealed to Ndigbo to forgive the misled Northern youths, noting that the Igbo are one of the most hospitable people on earth and have done a lot to develop the North.
They however called on the pro-Biafra groups to reconsider their stand on Biafra and see how to forge a better Nigeria. Their spokesman, Alh Bature Mohammadu also called for the arrest of the deviant youths.
Beware of the ides of July, Christian leaders warn
Similarly, Nigerian Christian leaders have called on the Federal Government to arrest the situation before it develops to something unmanagable.
The gospel ministers drawn from across the nation condemned the quit order, urging the Federal Government to make haste to arrest all those behind the ultimatum and sponsors of such infractions which they perceive, is at variance with the spirit of the 1999 constitution of the federation.
The clerics further warned the political class to beware of the ides of July, stressing that the unfortunate Nigerian civil war of 1967-70 which claimed over two million lives, started on July 6, 1967.
They described the Kaduna declaration as reckless and a grave danger for the nation's fledgling democracy as it takes us back to events of 1966-67 preceding the civil war.
Dr. Chidi Okoroafor, General Superintendent, Assemblies of God Nigeria, maintained that they believe in the unity and corporate existence of Nigeria as a nation and called on the northern youths to sheathe their swords and pursue peace for the growth and development of the nation.
“We also call on the northern political and religious elders to take decisive stand on the issue. This is not good for the corporate existence of Nigeria. There should be mutual respect among many diverse ethnic groups that make up Nigeria,” Okoroafor stated.
Rev. Yakubu Pam, chairman, CAN in 19 northern states and Abuja told our reporter that Christians in the 19 northern states and Abuja are not part of the call.
“We are not aware of it and we are not part of it. We believe in the unity of this country. We also believe that it's time for government to call all stakeholders in Project Nigeria to sit down together and agree on the way forward because these agitations from different groups or regions of this country; if not handled properly, will eventually grow into a chaos that we will not be able to control.”
Bishop David Bakare, who spoke on behalf of Christians in the North-West described the call as a reckless, dangerous, declaration of war, which should not be ignored as a child's play by any responsible, caring government regardless of who said it.
Rev. Monsignor Gabriel Osu, Director of Social Communications at the Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos said there was no other way to describe what the quit notice portends for Nigeria, but total anarchy. “It stands to be condemned by any reasonable human being in totality.”
Osu urged the government to do more to arrest those behind the call, so that any other group that has similar ideas or ideals will think twice.
You're on your own, S/E cattle breeders tell Arewa youths
Also yesterday, the South East leadership of cattle breeders, under the aegis of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) told the Arewa youths that they were on their own on the quit notice given to the Igbo residing in the north.
In a statement in Awka yesterday, the group's chairman, Alhaji Siddiki Gidado, demanded that those behind the quit notice should be brought to book.
The cattle breeders said though they were not comfortable with the agitations of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and MASSOB, it did not call for a quit notice to Ndigbo by Arewa youths.
“We condemn in its entirety, the aspect of the Arewa Youths's communiqué that insists that Igbos should leave north. This position is unacceptable to us in the Eouth East because we feel at home in this zone.
“It is worrisome that some people who are safely seated in their comfort zones seem to care less about the safety of many of their kiths and kin at the other side of the divide as they make statements or engage in acts that can cause mayhem.
“We advise that both Arewa group and Biafra agitators should sheath their sword and seek better ways of making Nigeria a better place for all of us.”
The group said that unity of the country should be paramount to everybody than the divisive calls, noting that the South East governors had been at the forefront of such unity in the country.
The post Quit Notice: Ethnic groups urge Osinbajo to beg Ndigbo to forgive Northern youths appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Earth, Wind & Fire, one of the world's top-selling musical groups, will perform in Youngstown.
The show will be Friday, March 16 at the Covelli Centre. The show starts at 7:30 p.m., with doors opening at 6 p.m.
Earth, Wind & Fire got its start in Chicago in 1969. The band has released 23 albums, including eight #1 R&B singles and eight Double Platinum Top 10 Pop Albums. The band has earned more than 50 Gold and Platinum albums and sold over 100 million albums worldwide, earning them a solid spot as one of best-selling music artist of all time.
Some of their top hits include “September,” “Boogie Wonderland” and “Let's Groove.”
They were inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000.
Tickets for the Youngstown show range in price from $45.50 to $95.50. They go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday, December 15.
You can get tickets at the Southwoods Health box office at the Covelli Centre, by calling 1-800-745-3000 or visiting www.ticketmaster.com.
VIENNA — Ahead of national elections, Austria's Social Democratic Party is facing charges of violating anti-Nazi laws over Facebook platforms created by an adviser suggesting that a rival party's head has anti-Semitic sentiments.
Elisabeth Koestinger of the rival People's Party said Friday her party is asking federal prosecutors to investigate and press charges.
Israeli political adviser Tal Silberstein has acknowledged being behind the Facebook platforms. Both he and Social Democratic Chancellor Christian Kern say that Kern was not aware of them. Still the issue is hurting the Social Democrats ahead of Oct. 15 elections and making a coalition of the centre-right People's Party and the right-wing Freedom Party likely.
The Social Democrats fired Silberstein in August, following his detention in his homeland on suspicion of money laundering.
MILWAUKEE — Bryce Nze had a career-high 25 points on 11-of-14 shooting to go with 10 rebounds on Friday night and Milwaukee beat Green Bay 76-58.
Carson Warren-Newsome added 12 points and Jeremiah Bell scored 11 for the Panthers (13-13, 6-7 Horizon League).
Milwaukee led by double digits for the entire second half except once when the Phoenix (10-16, 5-8) trailed 34-25 on Khalil Small's jumper in the first minute of the period.
Nze scored the first six points of the game and Milwaukee opened with an 8-0 run. Green Bay took its only lead of the game at 13-12 before the Panthers went on an 8-0 run and never trailed again.
Manny Patterson had 13 points and Small scored 10 for Green Bay. The Phoenix committed 20 turnovers and were outrebounded 38-29.
The owner of a tree-cutting company that suffered a fatal accident in town April 14 has been arrested on unrelated domestic violence charges dating back to late 2017.
Police Lt. Keith Golding confirmed that Marcelo Meirelles, 60, of Trumbull, owned the company that was removing a tree on Pinewood Trail when 28-year-old Eris Banegas-Gomes fell 45 feet to the ground. Police said he was wearing a safety harness when the tree broke off at its base and fell with Banegas-Gomes still attached. He later died of his injuries.
Officers investigating the incident interviewed Meirelles, who is listed as the owner of Marcelo's Tree Removal, and discovered that he was a suspect in a 2017 incident in which a family member said a verbal argument escalated until Meirelles choked her, then left before police arrived.
Meirelles was arrested April 14, about four hours after the accident, and has been charged with third-degree strangulation and disorderly conduct. Bond was $10,000 for court April 16.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – A Warren man is facing charges, accused of failing to disclose his HIV status to a sex partner.
Peter Olivarez was arrested Friday on four counts of felonious assault charges. He is being held in the Trumbull County Jail.
A Trumbull County grand jury indicted Olivarez on the charges on Friday, according to court records.
According to the indictment, Olivarez tested positive as a carrier of a virus that causes AIDS (acquired immunodeficiency syndrome) in 2013 or 2014. After that, the indictment says he had sex with another person without disclosing his HIV status, which is against the law.
Olivarez is scheduled to appear in court on March 27 for a pretrial.
The Sweetwater County Fire Department will host a “Kick Off to Fire Prevention Week, Open House” for the residents of Sweetwater County.
The Open House will run from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. on Saturday, October 7th at the Sweetwater County Events Complex. The event will have apparatus and firefighters from all of the Fire Departments within Sweetwater County along with special guests who will serve hot dogs and drinks.
Due to the tremendous success of this event, the open house was moved to the Sweetwater Events Complex this year.
Those in attendance will get free information on fire safety, meet local firefighters, and see the fire trucks and a special fire safety trailer for the kids.
This event will kick off the start of Fire Prevention Week and the various Fire Department activities at the local schools and fire stations throughout Sweetwater County, Rock Springs and Green River in support of Fire Prevention Week to promote “Every Second Counts: Plan 2 Ways Out!”
Through these educational, family-oriented activities, residents can learn more about the importance of having a working smoke alarm in every bedroom and knowing two ways out of every level of a home.
To find out more about Fire Prevention Week programs and activities within Sweetwater County, please contact your local Fire Department.
To learn more about smoke alarms and “Every Second Counts: Plan 2 Ways Out!” visit NFPA's Web site at www.firepreventionweek.org and www.sparky.org/fpw.
You've likely seen him stalk the sidelines of University of South Carolina Gamecocks football games at Williams-Brice Stadium, but now, wrestling legend Ric Flair needs prayers, his management team said over the weekend.
You've likely seen him stalk the sidelines of University of South Carolina Gamecocks football games at Williams-Brice Stadium, but now, wrestling legend Ric Flair needs prayers, his management team said over the weekend.
'We need your prayers,' Wrestling icon Ric Flair's management team says
'We need your prayers,' Wrestling icon Ric Flair's management team says
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File). FILE - In this Sept. 22, 2007, file photo, wrestler Ric Flair addresses the media during a news conference at Dover International Speedway in Dover, Del. Flair's representative said on Twitter Aug. 14, 2017, that Flair ...
ATLANTA (AP) - A representative for Ric Flair says the pro wrestling legend has been hospitalized and is dealing with some "tough medical issues."
Melinda Morris Zanoni confirmed a report on Saturday that the 68-year-old Flair had been hospitalized, and stated he was admitted for routine monitoring. Zanoni provided an update early Monday, asking for "prayers & positive energy" because Flair has "tough medical issues."
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among those wishing Flair well on Twitter.
Known for his flamboyant outfits and "Nature Boy" nickname, Flair made his professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Northampton County couple were imprisoned on felony and related counts after police allegedly spotted marijuana easily accessible to young children in their house.
Walnutport police say they responded just before 6 p.m. Friday to the home of Christopher M. Morgan and his girlfriend, Christine M. Powers, in the 100 block of Lehigh Street in the borough.
Police were called to assist the Northampton County Children, Youth and Families Division in taking custody of two children, ages 1 and 2, living in the home, court records say. One child was running around the living room and the other was asleep on a couch when police arrived, records say.
Police say they spotted a plastic container containing a large amount of marijuana on the living floor, along with numerous marijuana buds.
On the kitchen table were two scales, loose marijuana, a bag containing a pill bottle with marijuana, a marijuana grinder, numerous plastic bags, a box with pipes used for smoking marijuana and crystal methamphetamine, a half-smoked marijuana cigar and rolling papers, police said.
There were more marijuana buds on the bathroom floor, and police also found an unspecified quantity of meth in the home, records say.
Know this duo? Cops say they stole a gun
Morgan, 24, and Powers, 29, were each arraigned Friday night before District Judge James Narlesky on two felony counts of drug possession with intent to deliver, in addition to misdemeanor drug possession, possession of drug paraphernalia and reckless endangerment (two counts).
Narlesky sent them to Northampton County Prison in lieu of 10 percent of $20,000 bail each, and they remained held Monday, court records show.
If released on bail, both must remain under the supervision of Northampton County Pretrial Services, be drugged- and alcohol-free and submit to random screens for substance use.
Preliminary hearings are tentatively scheduled Aug. 25 before District Judge Robert Hawke for Morgan and Powers.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
By MARK SCOLFORO
Associated Press
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - A district attorney ruled Monday that state police acted properly a year ago when they shot and killed a man they suspected of murdering a state trooper in a rural area of central Pennsylvania.
Huntingdon County District Attorney David Smith issued his decision in the Dec. 31 death in Hesston of 32-year-old Jason Robison.
The two-page report said troopers searching for Robison found him inside a camper not far from where Trooper Landon Weaver had been killed.
Smith said the investigators retreated and secured the area, and a short time later, Robison appeared at the camper door, holding a pistol.
"Troopers at the scene ordered Robison numerous times to drop his gun, which he refused to do," Smith wrote. "Robison moved as if to advance from the camper while still holding the pistol in his hand. After Robison began to move, members of the state police fired shots at Robison, who was struck in the head, torso, arms and legs."
A .32-caliber Beretta pistol was recovered beside Robison's body. It contained eight live rounds, and there were two other bullets in the pocket of his jacket.
The prosecutor deemed the killing as justified and said authorities will not the release the names of troopers involved.
Investigators said earlier this year they recovered 22 spent rounds from the scene, none that matched Robison's gun.
Weaver had gone to Robison's home to investigate an alleged violation of a protective order for texting his ex-girlfriend.
Robison's mother, Sherry Lou Robison, told investigators her son pulled a handgun out of his pants and walked toward the trooper. She then heard a popping sound and saw Weaver fall to the floor, bleeding.
Weaver, 23, had been with the state police for about a year. He had been married about six months before his murder.
.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Star Trek actor Chris Pine has set the bar pretty high for any boys in the villa who try to crack on with Samira
Love Island contestant Samira Mighty has revealed she has a dating history fit for a Hollywood rom-com.
Advertisement
Ahead of going into the villa, 22-year-old Samira told RadioTimes.com that she has dated Star Trek actor and international heartthrob Chris Pine – and that he even got in touch with her again before this summer asking if they wanted to meet up again.
“I went on a date with Chris Pine once,” she said, revealing that she met him at the GQ Men of the Year after party in 2016, the year Pine won International Man of the Year.
She explained that she recognised Pine from the Disney Channel and thought, “my God, he was in that movie with Lindsay Lohan [the 2006 film Just My Luck].'”
“He kind of moved to me and I thought, ‘He seems fun, he seems cool,'” she said. “I kind of looked him up and thought, ‘He's actually a pretty big deal.' He was like, ‘Take my number.'”
Samira revealed that Pine – who has also starred in Wonder Woman and A Wrinkle in Time – texted her soon after the party, and her response was: “I'd just broken up with my boyfriend as well, so I was like, ‘f*** it, I'm going to go on a date with Chris Pine.'”
She said they had their rendezvous at Soho Hotel in London, which was “super nice” but she started to “get a bit sad” about her break-up which had only happened the week before. “It was too much,” she confessed, before adding: “We're only friends. I was too heartbroken and I thought, ‘I can't deal with this.'”
Samira is no stranger to Hollywood herself, having featured in Emma Watson's live adaptation of Beauty And The Beast as a debutante.
Pine continues to let Samira know when he's in London but, she says, “I don't know him very well to say, ‘Let's go to Westfield.' He's a bit of an older man [aged 37] and I'd just broken up with my boyfriend. I thought, “This is fun and I now know Chris Pine.'
Samira is a West End performer and says that when she got a part in Dreamgirls, “He was like, ‘Congratulations!' He's very private as well. He texts me now and then, just to let me know he's there.”
She also said that Pine text her recently, saying: “oh my gosh I'm here over summer, let's hang out”, but that she had to pie him off, stating that she was entering Love Island.
The boys in the villa don't stand a chance…
Advertisement
Love Island begins on Monday 4th June at 9pm on ITV2
Trump's top advisers are currently divided on the issue of whether or not the U.S. should remain part of the Paris Climate accord, with some, including Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt, eager for the U.S. to leave the deal.
Trump's top advisers are currently divided on the issue of whether or not the U.S. should remain part of the Paris Climate accord, with some, including Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt, eager for the U.S. to leave the deal.
In or out? Trump aides to huddle on climate accord Tuesday
In or out? Trump aides to huddle on climate accord Tuesday
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
The vice president's two main goals in Japan are to spur increased U.S. access to Japanese markets and strengthen Japanese foreign investment, White House officials said.
The vice president's two main goals in Japan are to spur increased U.S. access to Japanese markets and strengthen Japanese foreign investment, White House officials said.
Ivanka Trump has tried to distance herself from the brand that bears her name, to separate business from politics in her new position at the White House.
Ivanka Trump has tried to distance herself from the brand that bears her name, to separate business from politics in her new position at the White House.
(AP Photo/Alex Sanz). In a Monday, March 27, 2017 photo, Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is seen with supporters outside of the East Roswell Branch Library in Roswell, Ga., on the first day of early voting. President Donald Trump is atta...
(AP Photo/Alex Sanz). The post election dominoes of President Donald Trump's administration picks and a California Democratic appointment have created five openings in the U.S. House of Representatives, including in the 6th Congressional District in sub...
(AP Photo/Alex Sanz). In a Monday, March 27, 2017 photo, Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is seen with supporters outside of the East Roswell Branch Library in Roswell, Ga., on the first day of early voting. President Donald Trump is atta...
(AP Photo/Alex Sanz). In a Monday, March 27, 2017 photo, Democratic Congressional candidate Jon Ossoff greets supporters outside of the East Roswell Branch Library in Roswell, Ga., on the first day of early voting. President Donald Trump is attacking t...
By KATHLEEN FOODY and BILL BARROWAssociated Press
ALPHARETTA, Ga. (AP) - Republicans are bidding to prevent a major upset in a conservative Georgia congressional district where Democrats stoked by opposition to President Donald Trump have rallied behind a candidate who has raised a shocking amount of money for a special election.
Tuesday's jungle-style primary lumps all 18 candidates on one ballot and is expected to be more competitive than Republicans' single-digit victory in Kansas last week that also tested both parties' strategies for the 2018 midterm elections with Trump in the White House.
Trump underperformed other Republicans in the suburban Atlanta district, an affluent, well-educated swath filled with the kind of voters Democrats need if they hope to reclaim a House majority next year.
Republicans essentially concede that Democrat Jon Ossoff, a former congressional staffer, will lead Tuesday's voting. That leaves 11 Republican candidates hoping the 30-year-old investigative filmmaker fails to reach a majority. If he doesn't, Ossoff and the top GOP vote-getter would meet in a June 20 runoff.
Five Democrats will appear on the ballot, but Ossoff is the GOP's greatest threat. He raised more than $8.3 million, most of it from outside the district. Two independent candidates also are running. The winner will succeed Tom Price, who resigned to become Trump's health secretary.
Ossoff has enough momentum to draw attention from Trump himself. The president took to Twitter on Monday to blast the "super liberal" Democrat in the contest without naming names. He said the "super liberal" Democrat "wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!" Trump, Ossoff answered in a statement, is "misinformed."
Both major parties have dispatched paid field staffers. Republican groups are running a blitz of ads trying to tie Ossoff to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi; a political action committee backed by House Speaker Ryan has spent more than $2 million.
Karen Handel, Georgia's former secretary of state, has led the Republican field. Technology executive Bob Gray; and two former state senators, Dan Moody and Judson Hill - are polling closest to Handel in a fight for the No. 2 spot.
The GOP scramble has been intense, with GOP rivals accusing Handel of being a political opportunist and the conservative Club for Growth spending six figures on ads to defeat her.
National Republicans say any of the four competitive GOP candidates could defeat Ossoff in a second round of voting. GOP voters, they predict, would be energized in a Republican vs. Democrat scenario, making it harder for Ossoff to run above the fray as he has leading up to the primary.
Ossoff has tried to walk a line between liberals looking for a chance to oppose Trump and Republicans who couldn't support him in November. Ossoff pledges to fight Trump when he "embarrasses" the country. But he tells voters in one ad, "I'll work with anybody in Washington who respects your tax dollars."
Handel is among the Republican candidates trying to maintain some distance from Trump, rarely discussing him unless asked. Gray has instead tried to portray himself as a "willing partner" for the president. Other Republican candidates, though, have questioned whether Gray always backed Trump or is simply strategizing a path to a runoff election.
Polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
___
Follow Foody and Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/KatieFoody and https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Getty Image
The RX is Uproxx Music's stamp of approval for the best albums, songs, and music stories throughout the year. Inclusion in this category is the highest distinction we can bestow, and signals the most important music being released throughout the year. The RX is the music you need, right now.
When I was Shawn Mendes' age, my friends and I drank Four Loko and stuck playing cards under the tab of a warm can of beer in somebody's parents' basement. We'd go around in a circle playing King's Cup or some other drinking game, trying to stump each other with niche categories whenever somebody pulled a ten card (name all the tracks on Room On Fire!), eager to impress each other in Never Have I Ever, desperate to appear the Most Grown-Up in the circle.
I was 19 years old in 2013, which doesn't really seem that long ago in the grand scheme of things. My celebrity crush was Ben Wyatt from Parks And Rec. One Direction and Calvin Harris played at my senior prom. If they had gone to school with me, I'd have been in the same grade as Justin Bieber and Harry Styles — Miley Cyrus and Ariana Grande would've been in the class above mine.
But, listening to Shawn Mendes, my teenage years feel distant and ancient. The markers of maturity that I (and the pop stars in my graduating class) aspired to and valued above all else feel like vestiges of a bygone era. What we thought was so grown-up doesn't even matter anymore.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
The primary marker of maturity for a former teen pop idol is to release an album that — through sexualized lyrics, clothing, and a generic move away from bubblegum pop — demonstrates they are varying degrees of bad and sexy, that they are older and cooler now. It's the equivalent of those games of Never Have I Ever. These albums are supposed to broaden the appeal of these former tween stars to actual teens, making them edgy and cool enough for their age peers to admit to liking. Teens didn't care about love songs. To catch our attention, pop stars needed to let us know that they could hang.
Miley Cyrus' 2013 album Bangerz was one of the seminal albums of my sophomore year of college. “We Can't Stop” soundtracked some of the first upperclassmen parties I went to, and “Wrecking Ball” played like a siren call from open windows every Friday night in October. One Direction's Midnight Memories, also released in 2013, showed the band moving away from the clean-cut Europop of their first two albums toward a more rock-inspired sound. The boys were still playful, but they traded some of their treacly declarations of puppy love for lyrics about sex and fame. Midnight Memories has one song, “Alive,” that is literally about being so horny you can barely function. I didn't notice at the time, because they were my age, but these pop singers were so young. Miley was only 20 when “We Can't Stop” was released, and 1D were still mostly teenagers when their edgier material was getting radio play.
Skye Bank Wins Award for Fight against Electronic Fraud
Skye Bank Plc said it emerged “The Most Committed Watch Listing Bank in Nigeria” out of four corporate awards that were up for grabs at the Nigeria Electronic Fraud Forum (NeFF) Annual Dinner and Awards which took place in Lagos recently.
This was confirmed in a survey administered by Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), in conjunction with the Nigeria Interbank Settlement System (NIBBS).
The award, which is in recognition of efforts of the banking industry in the fight against electronic fraud, according to a statement, was presented to the institution “with the most efficient and robust system for tracking all forms of electronic fraud and arresting perpetrators for prosecution.”
The challenge of securing the Nigerian Payments System will always be a daunting task as with the ease of payment, comes greater adoption, and with increased adoption, the lure of cybercriminals who seek to convert either digital asset or resources or both to their own, becomes even greater.
Speaking at the event, NeFF Chairman, Mr. Dipo Fatokun, who is also the Director, Banking and Payment System in CBN, explained that, “an effective fight against fraud is not without robust awareness program; not only for members of the public, but also for staff of organisations that operate within the payment space.”
He further stressed the importance of starting the awareness program in 2017, “as this would help the industry reduce cost of fraud through increased vigilance and detection abilities”, he said.
On the credibility of the process that led to the emergence of Skye Bank as the winner of the award, “the CBN in collaboration with NIBBS carried out a survey to rate the performance of all Banks in the fight against electronic fraud. According to him, most banks, in their response, acknowledged Skye Bank as the most committed bank when it comes to tracking fraud and arresting perpetrators.”
Skye Bank runs its core banking ICT applications on one of the most advanced, and highly secured and scalable technology software, adjudged by cyber practitioners as consistent with what obtains with other financial giants in most advanced economies of the world.
Receiving the award on behalf of the bank, the Executive Director, Lagos Commercial Banking Directorate, Mrs. Markie Idowu, thanked the organisers of the award and used the opportunity to canvass for collaboration amongst stakeholders, noting that this remains the only way to effectively tackle the spate of electronic fraud in the industry.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Curtis Granderson hit a solo shot off Craig Kimbrel in the 10th inning to give the Toronto Blue Jays a 4-3 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night at Rogers Centre.
Granderson belted a 2-0 pitch for a no-doubt shot to deep right field. It was his third homer of the season and fourth career walkoff blast.
The Red Sox have lost three in a row but still own the best record in the major leagues at 17-5. The Blue Jays (14-8) moved three games behind Boston in the American League East division standings.
Toronto right-hander Tyler Clippard worked one inning of relief for the victory.
The Red Sox tied the game in the ninth inning by scoring two runs off Blue Jays closer Roberto Osuna.
Eduardo Nunez drove in Hanley Ramirez to make it a one-run game and Brock Holt delivered a two-out single to bring Rafael Devers home with the tying run. Nunez tried to score on the play but Granderson threw him out at home to prevent Boston from taking the lead.
Toronto starter J.A. Happ deserved better than a no-decision after striking out 10 batters over seven innings. He allowed one earned run, four hits and did not issue a walk.
The Blue Jays put three runs on the board in the second inning. Devers, the Boston third baseman, had a rough frame and Toronto took full advantage.
With runners on the corners, Kevin Pillar hit a grounder to third but Devers was wide with his throw home to allow Steve Pearce to score.
Granderson hit a sharp grounder later in the frame that handcuffed Devers after it hit the seam where the turf meets the dirt infield. The ball bounced behind Devers and as he retrieved it, Aledmys Diaz and Devon Travis scampered home.
Happ rolled through the first five frames before the Red Sox got on the board in the sixth. Holt led off with a double and scored on a Ramirez flare that dropped in front of Pillar in centre field.
Boston starter Rick Porcello also worked seven innings. He gave up three earned runs, three hits, three walks and had nine strikeouts.
Ryan Tepera threw a scoreless eighth inning for Toronto before Osuna's first blown save of the season. Osuna allowed four hits and walked a batter over his 31-pitch outing.
Announced attendance was 20,070 and the game took two hours 51 minutes to play.
Before the game, the Blue Jays honoured the victims of Monday's deadly van attack in north Toronto.
Players from both teams stood in front of the dugouts for a moment of silence. Toronto police officers and paramedics were recognized for their efforts and a banner reading ‘#TorontoStrong' hung from the 200 level above the wall in centre field.
Notes: Blue Jays manager John Gibbons said he expects to provide an update Wednesday on plans for slugger Josh Donaldson. The third baseman is on the disabled list with a shoulder injury but is expected to return soon. … Snowboarder Laurie Blouin threw out the ceremonial first pitch. She won a silver medal in women's slopestyle at the Pyeongchang Olympics last February. … Aaron Sanchez (1-2, 3.86) is scheduled to start Wednesday night against Boston's Eduardo Rodriguez (2-0, 3.45).
——
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
CHARLOTTETOWN — Brody Roybal and Josh Pauls scored under two minute apart in the second period as the United States edged Canada 3-2 on Saturday to win its fourth-straight World Sledge Hockey Challenge.
Josh Misiewicz opened the scoring in the first period for the U.S., which won the tournament for a record sixth time.
Tyler McGregor got the Canadians on the board with a power-play goal in the second period before Liam Hickey added another with the man advantage in the third.
“Anytime you put yourselves down three it's tough to get back, especially against a team like that,” McGregor said. “We showed a bit of resilience trying to come back. We had a good third, but trying to come from behind the eight-ball like that is pretty tough.
“It's frustrating because we know we're better than that.”
It's the fifth time that Canada has won silver at the World Sledge Hockey Challenge.
Steve Cash made 14 saves for the win in net as Dominic Larocque turned away 11-of-14 shots in defeat.
“Our guys made a valiant effort. Any chances we had, we either missed or Cash shut us down,” said Canada head coach, Ken Babey.
“We just got off to a flat start and turned too many pucks over early in the game. It's a tough thing to do when you're playing a U.S. team that has good speed and fire power.”
OAP Freeze Weighs On The Trending Hallelujah Challenge
OAP Daddy Freeze has weighed in on the trending Nathaniel Bassey's hallelujah challenge and how people now screen grab their comments and celebrity comments for show. Celebrities like Omoni Oboli, Donjazzy, Kcee, Ice Prince, Funke Akindele, ChiomaAkpota, Uche Jombo, Lynxx, Toke Makinwa, Weird MC, Chika Ike ,Iyanya, Paul Okoye and many more have joined …
The post OAP Freeze Weighs On The Trending Hallelujah Challenge appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Snoop Dogg, who has never been afraid to rebrand, claimed to be working on a gospel album last year. Now the gospel-heavy album, called Bible of Love, has an official release date, March 16. Snoop celebrated the announcement with a performance at the 19th Annual Super Bowl Gospel Celebration in Minneapolis last night. He's also released a video for the LP's first single “Words Are Few,” which features gospel singer and rapper B-Slade. As per the album title, the song suggests a broad spiritual perspective: looking to Christian teachings as a restorative practice. “Things I'm going through/Make me act a fool/Please don't think I'm crude/Really normally I'm cool,” Snoop sings in falsetto, repentant, in the chorus.
The video finds Snoop in shades in a church pew, occasionally consorting and taking selfies with female choristers. Bible of Love also boasts appearances from Faith Evans, Rance Allen, Tye Tribbett, and the Clark Sisters. According to preorder listings, the album is 32 track long (!), though the song names have not yet been filled in. Watch the 7.5-minute video for “Words Are Few” below.
WEST BROMWICH, England — Southampton moved out of the relegation zone and left West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble in last place in the English Premier League by winning 3-2 at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game around for Southampton in the final five minutes of the first half after Ahmed Hegazi's opener.
James Ward-Prowse sealed a 3-2 victory with a free kick in the second half, then Salomon Rondon pulled a goal back with a header in the 72nd minute.
But West Brom couldn't level and is four points from safety, while Southampton moved two points clear of the relegation zone.
West Brom paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis before kickoff. Regis, who endured racist abuse while forging a career with West Brom and defied threats of violence to represent England, died aged 59 last month.
——
AP Premier League coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
Last May, instances of unexpected severe weather caught Nobles County residents off-guard. On May 24, incoming thunderstorms created a funnel cloud about three miles north of Bigelow, while powerful winds attacked most of the county.
Fortunately, the funnel cloud never turned into a tornado, so it wasn't an emergency situation. But many residents and business owners were left wondering, “what if it was?”
Nobles County Emergency Management Director Joyce Jacobs got several calls after that day from business owners who effectively said “hey, we really didn't have a plan.”
This Thursday, Tornado Drill Day will give businesses, schools, churchgoers and everyone else a chance to practice their tornado routine.
The National Weather Service will issue a simulated tornado watch at 1 p.m., followed by a simulated tornado warning at 1:45 p.m. At that time, Nobles County will activate its outdoor warning siren system — schools, businesses and other facilities are encouraged to conduct a tornado drill at this time to practice their tornado sheltering plans.
A second, later drill, meant to allow families as well as businesses open late and churches to practice their preparedness and sheltering plans, will take place at 6:45 p.m.
In southwest Minnesota, where weather can change on a dime, Jacobs stressed the importance of having a plan.
“I think of Main Street businesses where if you have clientele in the store — what are going to do with them?” Jacobs said. “You need to have space to shelter them. That's why planning ahead is important for businesses — to make sure people have a safe place to go to.”
Jacobs sent out instructions to those interesting in crafting a plan. The most important tip during a tornado is to seek shelter inside a sturdy building. Once inside, go to the lowest floor, avoid windows and crouch as low as possible to the floor, facing down with hands covering your head. In a building with many windows such as a church or storefront, an interior bathroom, hallway or storage room without windows is the best bet.
According to Jacobs, the emergency sirens are an outdoor warning system. They are intended to alert people who are outside that they need to go inside and listen to local media or a trusted source of information, and find out what is happening in their area and what actions they need to take. Jacobs added there is no such thing as an all-clear siren.
“If you hear a siren, you need to go inside and find out what is happening,” she said.
“This is really and opportunity for us to all practice. Whether we're doing it at home with our family, at the workplace or while volunteering somewhere, we all need to practice.”
Detailed instructions can be found online at: https://goo.gl/O2Drox.
Watch: President #Trump makes remarks ahead of the #EasterEggRoll at the White House. pic.twitter.com/mJSB0dtW4d — Fox News (@FoxNews) April 17, 2017
When a New York Times report about the significant delays plaguing the annual Easter Egg Roll at the White House last week, late night comics and pundits alike had plenty of jokes. Even so, Donald Trump's administration denied the Times article and assured Americans the storied event would go off without a hitch on Monday. Well Monday has finally arrived, and if social media's live tracking of the president's first White House Easter Egg Roll is any indication, the event's festivities offered journalists, political commentators, and Twitter's best and brightest plenty of comedy fodder.
For starters, what was supposed to be a celebration of the Easter weekend felt more like a campaign event. As CNN's Brian Stelter remarked, a Fox & Friends interview with Eric Trump sounded like a stump speech when U.S. actions in Syria and North Korea were brought up. “He will protect America, make no mistake about it,” said Eric. “He will protect our country.” The president's own remarks, which he delivered while standing next to the Easter Bunny, weren't all that different:
“This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it… 139. It began a long time ago. 1878. And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track. You see what's happening, and we are right on track. So thank you, everybody, for being here.”
Post-election campaigning notwithstanding, however, those witnessing the event first-hand and from afar couldn't help latching onto Trump's awkward pose alongside the Sean Spicer-less Easter Bunny.
Game players face their demons in virtual reality
Zombies from the television series “The Walking Dead” and other demons are coming to life for video game players in virtual worlds.
With new virtual reality systems, gamers will be climbing into colossal war machines to battle high-tech armies, wandering mutant-infested post-apocalyptic wastelands and going toe-to-toe with demons in new offerings unveiled at the Electronic Entertainment Expo this week.
While play on consoles or Windows-powered personal computers continued to dominate the annual industry gathering, virtual reality flourished as game makers invested in the future.
The number of E3 exhibitors involved with virtual or augmented realities more than doubled to 126 from 53 last year, according to the Entertainment Software Association behind the event.
“This by far, is the most exciting E3 as it comes to virtual reality,” said YouTube director of gaming Ryan Wyatt.
Bathing in carnage
Virtual reality versions of blockbuster video games “Fallout,” “Doom,” and “Skyrim” were part of a lineup unveiled by Bethesda Softworks.
“Virtual reality is something we have been at the forefront of for a while now,” said Bethesda vice president of marketing Pete Hines.
Later this year, shooter game “Doom” will “bathe you in virtual carnage” as a cybernetic survivor fighting off a demon invasion.
A VR version of “Fallout” will put players into a world destroyed by nuclear war, while they will face dragons in a full-length, open-world version of “Skyrim,” according to Bethesda.
Sony built on its library of games for its PlayStation VR gear, which works with top-selling PlayStation 4 consoles.
More than a million PS VR units have been sold, along with some 5.25 million VR games.
‘Breaking Bad'
Along with games, Sony is working on a VR “experience” spinning off the television series “Breaking Bad” in a partnership with producer Vince Gilligan.
Skybound Entertainment meanwhile announced it is collaborating on virtual reality games spinning off “The Walking Dead,” the post-apocalyptic television series.
“Our goal is to honor the visceral world that (Robert) Kirkman has created while giving the Walking Dead's fans something to really sink their teeth into with robust games,” Skydance media chief executive David Ellison and operating officer Jesse Sisgold said in a statement.
A Skydance game titled “Archangel” shared behind closed doors at E3 let players take command a six-story-tall mechanized battle suit in a fight against a tyrannical corporation.
“Archangel” is to be released later this year.
“We decided to jump headfirst into the business of VR with ‘Archangel' because we saw an emerging market and want Skydance to help write this story,” Skydance Interactive president Peter Akemann told AFP.
“We know we're only at the tip of the iceberg with what VR can ultimately deliver as a gaming medium but we believe wholeheartedly in its long term potential and are investing in it as such.”
Pushing the envelope
Sony, HTC and Facebook-owned Oculus are the top players in virtual reality headgear, each striving to stake out territory in the budding market.
And even though the VR audience is lean compared to the hundreds of millions of people with consoles or personal computers, game makers are prone to embracing new technologies and understand that compelling content can inspire consumers to follow suit.
“If you don't start pushing the envelope, people won't think about upgrading hardware,” YouTube's Wyatt said of the drive toward richer graphics and immersive worlds in gaming.
“Publishers know the long-term payout that VR will have and are investing.”
Ultra-high definition graphics and virtual reality in games has been a bright spot in the personal computer, which is seeing that segment grow while the market overall declines.
While Sony's VR headsets work with PS 4 consoles, competing gear requires computers that handle the demand of processing rich, immersive graphics in real-time.
This has created opportunity for chipmakers.
“We want to work with partners to get gaming titles that are really worthy… and to grow the player base for virtual reality,” Intel senior vice president Gregory Bryant said at an E3 press event the chipmaker held in a Los Angeles theater.
“A lot of the technology and experiences we are showcasing transcend gaming; you can expect entertainment, music, sports and more.”
Gaming computer star Alienware and parent-company Dell boasted of continued investment in virtual reality and eSports.
“Virtual reality will never go away,” said Jon Peddie Research video game industry analyst Ted Pollak.
“But at the end of the day, game makers want to see a big install base of these headsets.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NOBLESVILLE, Ind. - An online fundraiser has raised nearly $100,000 for a suburban Indianapolis teacher who was shot while tackling an armed student.
A local high school student launched the GoFundMe effort for science teacher Jason Seaman. Officials say the 29-year-old former college football player was shot three times Friday as he tackled the shooter inside his classroom at Noblesville West Middle School.
Donations range from $10 to over $3,000.
Student witness Ethan Stonebraker told ABC News that Seaman ran toward the bullets as students sought cover during Friday's attack.
Seaman was released from an Indianapolis hospital Saturday. The only other person shot, student Ella Whistler, was in critical but stable condition.
Authorities haven't released the shooter's name.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Episode nine of The Crown on Netflix is probably one of the series' most dramatic, with Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip's marriage nearing breaking point.
Advertisement
At the heart of the conflict between the pair is Lord Porchester, the Queen's dear friend with whom she shares a passion for horses.
The pair seem to have far more in common than the Royal couple, but what's the real story of their relationship? And were they really more than just friends?
Who was Lord ‘Porchie' Porchester?
Henry George Reginald Molyneux Herbert was born on January 19th 1924 to the 6th Earl of Carnarvon, Henry George Alfred Marius Victor Francis Herbert (they liked long names in those days) and his first wife.
His grandfather, also named George Herbert, was the 5th Earl of Carnarvon, who famously discovered the tomb of Tutankhamun with Howard Carter, and whose ancestral home, Highclere Castle, provides the setting for Downton Abbey.
After his parents divorced when he was just 13 years old, the young Baron Porchester lived with his mother in London and attended Eton. He became a member of the Royal Horse Guards during the war and served in North Africa.
‘Porchie', as he was known to close friends, was an equestrian enthusiast from an early age, and was breeding horses from the age of 19. He was a childhood friend of Elizabeth II, and the pair forged a firm bond through their shared love of horses and horse racing.
Porchie went on to become the Queen's racing manager in 1969, and was known as one of the few people who could contact Her Majesty directly to speak about her beloved horses.
He was also a keen statesman and local politician, who became the 7th Earl of Carnarvon following the death of his father in 1987.
Did Lord Porchester have a romantic affair with Queen Elizabeth II?
There were many rumours about the nature of the pair's relationship, but the Royals have completely ignored any gossip that suggested that the Queen and Lord Porchester were anything more than firm friends.
For her there was only ever Philip, says Porchie in The Crown, and that's the line from the Royal House too.
Who did Lord Porchester actually marry?
Just as The Crown suggests, Porchester became engaged to an Anglo-American woman, Jean Margaret Wallop, whom he married on January 7th 1956.
The pair went on to have three children, including the current Earl of Carnarvon, George Reginald Oliver Molyneux Herbert, who resides at Highclere Castle.
The Queen was even present for his Christening.
Is Lord Porchester still alive?
Sadly not. The Queen's dear friend died suddenly on September 11th 2001. His son in law, John Warren, succeeded him as her racing manager.
Advertisement
The Crown is available to stream on Netflix
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The BBC has confirmed that Let It Shine won't be returning next year – but this might not be the end of the talent search show.
Despite not returning in 2018, “the door is open” for the possibility of another series of the Gary Barlow-fronted BBC1 Saturday night show in the future.
Let It Shine saw Barlow joined by Dannii Minogue and Martin Kemp alongside guest judges like Lulu and Amber Riley as they searched for five boys to play the role of a band in a new touring musical based on the music of Take That.
A BBC spokesperson said, “Let it Shine was a great new format that performed well for BBC1 but it will not be returning in 2018.
“At its heart the show was about finding and nurturing new talent and giving five individuals the unique prize of roles in a brand new, year-long, touring theatre production and as such the door is open to the possibility of another series of Let It Shine in the future," they added.
“We would like to thank the cast and crew, all of whom brought professionalism, passion, joy and energy to the show.”
Gary Barlow's representatives have also been contacted by RadioTimes.com.
The Band will launch in Manchester this September before touring the UK and coming to the West End. The BBC show came under fire after it was revealed that the winning group from Let It Shine would not actually have speaking parts in the new musical. However, the BBC said the talent show stars would still be "front and centre" in the new production.
Watch a promo for the musical featuring Let It Shine winners Five to Five below:
SALEM, Ohio (WYTV) – The goal of Alchemy Acres Animal Sanctuary in Salem is to help neglected and sick animals. However, its efforts are hindered by limited space.
The organization wants a new, bigger facility — a move that it says is crucial for the animals it helps.
Right now, 40 cats are squeezed inside just one room at Alchemy Acres.
“We definitely need a larger piece of property to expand. We need a facility that was made for an animal shelter,” Katie Sacco said. “Unfortunately, this one wasn't made for that and we've been working on a shoestring budget and making due with what we have.”
The sanctuary has so many animals that cages are stacked with cats, birds, even guinea pigs.
“It is a significant problem, just pet overpopulation in general,” Sacco said.
She said the animal sanctuary has received a lot more pets recently. Sacco thinks it's because people are not educated about their animals.
“People get in desperate situations, the animals get neglected — whether it's accidental or purposely — and things escalate from there.”
At the new facility, Alchemy Acres would be able to offer educational classes to the public.
But the new space — which will be ten times bigger than the current facility — will cost about $750,000.
“We definitely need monetary donations for that but while we are under construction and moving and everything, we also need enough surplus to maintain what we have and continue helping our animals in the way that we are,” Sacco said.
To help with the organization's move, you can donate through Alchemy Acres' website or by calling them at 330-332-4897.
Neil Young has announced two new shows with his legendary backing band Crazy Horse. The group will come back together for two shows in Fresno, California on May 1 and 2. “First time in a long time, live on stage. No rehearsal,” Young wrote in a blog post on the Neil Young Archives site. There's been no confirmation of the other performers at the show, but guitarist and current E Street band member Nils Lofgren, who began his career in earnest collaborating with Young on classic albums like After the Gold Rush and Tonight's The Night, is a confirmed participant. “Beyond honored. Nothing like playing with old friends,” Lofgren tweeted. “A friend just reminded me, at this age you can't coast.” Young's last album featuring Crazy Horse was 2012's Psychedelic Pill, and he last played with the band in 2014. Information about ticketing has not yet been released.
To say this is a novelty would be an understatement. You have to really, truly like the idea of having speakers on your noggin, or at least have enough nostalgia for Atari's early days to drop $100-plus on headgear. However, there's no question that you'll stand out if you splurge on a Speakerhat, especially when you start cranking the beats. Just don't use this as an excuse to blare music at every given opportunity -- a hat with speakers is a privilege.
A Minnesota judge will hear oral arguments on whether to dismiss the case against the officer who shot and killed Philando Castile during a July traffic stop.
St. Anthony police Officer Jeronimo Yanez is charged with manslaughter and other counts. His attorneys will argue at Wednesday's hearing that the case should be dismissed. They've said in court papers that Castile was reaching for his gun and the shooting was justified.
Prosecutors disagree. They've filed documents saying issues raised by the defense should be decided by a jury.
Castile, who was black, was killed July 6. The shooting's gruesome aftermath was streamed live on Facebook by his girlfriend. Prosecutors have said the 32-year-old was shot after telling Yanez he was armed. Authorities later discovered Castile was licensed to carry a weapon.
A council's plans to cut free school transport were deemed ‘nonsense' by parents at a series of consultations in Bury last week.
Parents from across Suffolk voiced their concerns during five hour-long public consultation sessions held by transport officers from Suffolk County Council at West Suffolk House last Friday.
According to parents, the main issues presented by the plans, which could see 3,700 students lose their free school transport, included an upheaval to their children's education, the potential cost to parents and moving children to out-of-county schools in Cambridgeshire and Norfolk.
“The county borders issue is a huge one,” said one parent from Redgrave, whose children would be provided transport to Diss under the new scheme.
“We vote for Suffolk so why should we go to a school that we have no say in? I want to have a say in my child's education. I want them in Suffolk. The education systems don't even align. It's just nonsense.”
Another parent from Barrow raised a concern about feeder schools and how the new system would render them pointless.
“It's just messing with our children's education. They've gone to a certain primary school in order to get into a certain secondary school and now they won't be guaranteed a place because it's not the closest one,” she said.
“You should be keeping them in the same place. You're messing them about and it's rubbish.”
The controversial plans were announced last year, as part of the council's plans to save money following government cuts.
The council currently provide more than the legal requirement for school transport, with £21 million of tax payers' money being spent getting children to and from school every year.
Cllr Gordon Jones, Suffolk County Council's cabinet member for children's services, education and skills, said: “We have already received an overwhelming amount of feedback, which demonstrates just how important the decision is that Suffolk County Council's Cabinet will take in June 2018.
“I would like to thank everyone that has responded so far and encourage those that haven't, to read the proposals and complete the survey at: www.suffolk.gov.uk/schooltravel. This is an opportunity for all Suffolk residents to have their say about how council tax is spent.”
The consultation is open until Wednesday, February 28. For more information and to have your say, visit www.suffolk.gov.uk/schooltravel
As hundreds of families and volunteers in flood-stricken Edgecumbe work to clear houses of sodden furniture, ruined possessions and water damage, a call has gone out asking for more assistance.
Earlier this month, close to 2000 residents in the town were evacuated from their homes as water broke through a breach in the Rangitaiki River stopbank.
Auckland Regional Chamber of Commerce Michael Barnett has asked that local businesses and sporting organisations help whānau in need.
“The residents of Edgecumbe are facing devastation of their homes on a massive scale. It isn't about giving money, it's about assisting people who are grieving from seeing everything in their homes destroyed and their properties damaged by water and silt.
Everything in people's homes has to be stripped out. For residents it's emotional and traumatic. They have seen a significant part of their lives destroyed,” Barnett says.
The number of volunteers has been overwhelming. They spent Easter in Edgecumbe helping the small community get back up on its feet, although they say there's still a long way to go.
“Businesses in the Bay of Plenty and Waikato able to assist could make up a team and pitch in for a half day or longer if they can.
It would make a great deal of difference, provide a moral support and be a huge contribution to getting Edgecumbe back up and running as quickly as possible," Barnett adds.
Businesses and others wanting to assist can contact edgecumbevolunteers@gmail.com
Mohamed Salah has become the first player to score 10 goals in Europe in a single season for Liverpool.
The Egypt star struck twice in the first half of Tuesday's Champions League semi-final first leg with Roma at Anfield.
Salah curled home a spectacular opening goal 35 minutes in, before a delightful chipped second made it 2-0 at the break.
It means the 25-year-old is the first Reds player to reach double figures for goals in a European campaign, while he is also the first African player to score at least nine in a single Champions League tournament.
Salah, who was crowned the PFA Players' Player of the Year on Sunday for his Premier League performances, has now hit 43 goals in all competitions in his first season with Liverpool.
He is just four goals short of equalling the record for goals in a season, set by Ian Rush in 1983-84.
LAS VEGAS — The Walt Disney Studios has previewed a scene from the Star Wars spinoff “Solo” featuring the card game where Han Solo and Lando Calrissian meet at CinemaCon Tuesday in Las Vegas. The scene cuts off right as the two space scoundrels decide to bet their ships.
The studio also unveiled early footage from its live-action adaption of “Dumbo” and “Aladdin,” starring Will Smith as the Genie, and showed the first scene from “The Incredibles 2,” which picks up right where the first left off in 2004.
Both “Solo: A Star Wars” story and “The Incredibles 2” hit theatres this summer.
Unlike most studio presentations at the annual theatre owner convention, Disney doesn't generally bring out the stars of its films. Instead it lets the footage and behind-the-scenes reels do the selling.
Interrogating Bayelsa's Education Tax Law
For many in Bayelsa, the support shown towards the newly introduced Education Tax law is unprecedented. OSA OKHOMINA examines the issues and benefits of the law and the scepticism by opposition in the state.
Unlike its predecessors, the Bayelsa State Governor, Hon Seriake Dickson has left no one in doubt of his readiness to ensure that every child in the state have access to every form of education despite the huge capital demand of such venture.
Already, the search for education excellence for the children of the state has led to a whooping N50 billion investment in infrastructure and provisions of resources in the primary, secondary and higher education sector of the economy.
Dickson, who is known to be infectious with his dreams and aspirations, have also convinced the people of the state, including the political class led by the State House of Assembly of his vigour to pursue the realisation of academic excellence for the children of the state.
In his quest, the governor signed two new bills into law, aimed at consolidating the achievements his administration has made in the education sector in the last five years.
At the signing ceremony, he said the two bills; The Bayelsa State Higher Education Student Loan Bill 2017 and the Bayelsa Education Development Trust Fund Bill 2017 are very critical in providing sustainable development for the state's education.
According to him, the bills became necessary because of the urgent need to develop human capacity in the state, which he said, is a compelling need in order to secure the future of children and youths.
“Whereas ‎we have been making critical investment in the last five years in education but it is from today that we will be building on the foundation of sustainability. How all the schools we have built and are building will be sustained, how the legacy of investment in human capacity will be maintained in the years to come.”
While thanking members of the House of Assembly for considering the bills expedient, Dickson announced that his government has spent almost N50 billion in the development of educational infrastructure and decried the previous decay in the sector as a result of the long years of neglect.
He stressed that any serious government must take issues of security and education very serious for rapid development and called on all those who earn salaries in the state to avail themselves the opportunity of contributing to the Education Trust Fund which‎ is now compulsory by reason of the new law.
“By the provisions of this law, everyone who is working and earning salary, doing business or involved in contracts in the state is liable to pay the education development levy.”
The governor who announced the appointment of renowned educationist and former Minister of‎ Science and Technology, Prof. Turner Isoun to head the trust fund, pleaded with the organised labour in the state not to allow themselves to be used to unduly politicize the new law, as it affects in one way or the other, everyone desirous of quality education for their children or wards.
Governor Dickson added that with the new model schools, the ongoing constituency secondary schools and the delightful Ijaw National Academy as well as other educational interventions, Bayelsa State is blazing the trail in the nation's education sector and poised to maintain a pole position.
He canvassed the support of the people of the state to enable his administration provide quality education, particularly, for the less privileged children, saying that the time has come for the state to take up the challenge of reversing the trend, where youths engage in unproductive activities that could truncate their future.
While highlighting his administration's achievements in the sector, he noted that the recent educational development laws were a culmination of the substantial investments and legacies in education.
Providing some insight into the educational policies of his administration, the governor stated that the Educational Development Trust Fund is expected to receive between N100 and N250 million monthly, while that of the Higher Education Students Loan would be solely funded by the government.
He re-emphasized that it was mandatory for workers in the public service, government officials, including the private sector to contribute to the fund, as the beneficiaries are the children of the average Bayelsan.
“All the things we have laboured to do are only foundations for you people as future generations to build upon. You never can tell among you, those to become governors, deputy governors, senators and so on. So clearly the future of this state is in your hands”.
At another forum with students in the state, the Bayelsa Stae governor, said “Let me use this opportunity again to call on every Bayelsan to gear up for the new Bayelsa, the new Bayelsa of enlightenment, the new Bayelsa where we want to move away from crime, criminality, cultisim and other social vices, the new Bayelsa where we want to lead the way as far as educational opportunities and development are concerned in this country.”
He stated that with the massive investment the restoration government has made in the education sector in the last five years and the sincere commitment to sustain it, there is no doubt that Bayelsa now has a strong educational foundation that is a reference point across the country.
In his remarks, the president of National Union Bayelsa Students worldwide, Comrade Ozu Fredrick Important, had told the governor of their total support for the two education laws which were recently passed into law, especially the Education Trust Fund Law.
The NUBSS president, while drumming support for the laws, expressed optimism that it would take education to the next level in the state and called on all students and parents to support it just as he also appreciated the governor for his massive support to students in the state.
He said, “We want to use this medium to tell our parents, businessmen, corporate bodies and everyone that as students we are in support of the two bills that have been signed into law”.
Governor Dickson over the weekend, who justified the need for institutionalizing the two educational development laws, said they would assist in building a crop of highly skilled and educated Bayelsa youths, to meet the challenges of a competitive and industrialised world now and in the future.
In its show of solidarity and in answer to the clarion call of the state governor, the Bayelsa State House of Assembly declared it's commitment to the enforcement and development of a Bayelsan child through compulsory education bill.
The leadership of the Bayelsa Assembly, at a one-day public hearing in Yenagoa, in collaboration with the state's Ministry of Education, International Federation of Female Lawyers (FIDA), and other corporate organisations, stated that the public hearing was important because it would mandate the traditional ruler, parents and guidance to avoid the use of their children for commercial purposes
The chairman, House Committee on Education, Hon Gentle Emelah, while declaring the public hearing open, said that, “Bayelsa State has been education, education, education. We are here to look at the bill that will affect our children's lives, the future of Bayelsa and project the state in a better light.
“We believe that we should come together and look at the issues down the line. As we agree, we will be in a better position to drive the whole process. Education makes it easier to lead people. When people are educated, when you talk to them they will understand better. It takes a long time to convince an illiterate on what to do. The essence is to see how we can make the bill a better one, and collectively make Bayelsa a better state”.
But, a Niger Delta-based civil society organization, Patriotic Citizens of Nigeria (PACON) has demanded for the dissolution of the State Scholarship Board, citing incompetence and dereliction of duty resulting in the abandoning of scholarship students in foreign universities by the board, as reasons.
The petition, which was dated June 5, 2017, and signed by the conveners of PACON, Ebikebuna Aluzu and Debekeme Powedei, was addressed to the chairman, House Committee on Education and copies sent to the Speaker and the commissioner for Education.
It alleged that the scholarship board misappropriated over N300 million released by the state government in 2013 for payment of bursary allowances to students of Bayelsa State origin in higher institutions of learning.
The group stated that the board failed to discharge its responsibility after making thousands of students to undergo an excruciating process of registering online for the bursary payment.
Part of the statement read,“We write to intimate you of the perilous state of students of Bayelsa extraction on foreign scholarship who have been exposed to the insensitivity and incompetence of the Bayelsa State Scholarship Board”, PACON said.
It listed the plight of 11 students (seven of which are in their final year) at King's University College, Aplaku Hills, Ghana, and another final year student at Knurst University College, who were barred from writing their second semester examinations in May due to the failure of the board to pay their outstanding fees, as some of the instances of the board's incompetence.
The human rights group urged the House of Assembly to compel the scholarship board to provide a detailed account of monies it had received for scholarship and bursary payments, number of beneficiaries and those who have not been paid any stipends and other entitlements since 2013.
“It is unfair to expend tax payers money on incompetent employees; the attitude of the board is portraying the state in a bad light,” PACON stated.
The post Interrogating Bayelsa's Education Tax Law appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Money Can Not Buy The Champions League – Toni Kroos
Toni Kroos has insisted that “you can't buy the Champions League trophy” as Real Madrid prepare to take on Bayern Munich in the first leg of their semi-final.
Madrid overcame Paris Saint-Germain en route to the final four, and Kroos has seemingly taken a shot at the French champions by claiming that investment counts for little when it comes to the European competition.
“You can't buy a Champions League trophy. If that was the case, we would not have won it so much,” Kroos told reporters. “It's special for a team like Madrid.
“We have players in condition to play at the highest level. If you have a lot of players with that experience, in these difficult moments, you know what you have to do and you don't lose your nerve. That's what takes us so far.
“This is the only chance we have to win a title. It was similar two years ago and we did it in the end. We're very motivated: winning it three times in a row is something unique. We had PSG in the second round and Juve in the quarter-finals. It's not the easiest road.”
The post Money Can Not Buy The Champions League – Toni Kroos appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Yay! You're Not Dead!
Those were the ever so sweet words Steve Lawton heard on March 9, 2015 as his family celebrated his “Alive Day.” The day exactly a year following his near fatal skiing accident.
When Lawton arrived at the hospital the day of his accident after coming out of his skis and plowing straight into a tree at 45mph, he had a Glascow Coma Score of three, the lowest possible score. To give you an idea, 87 percent of patients arriving at the hospital with a GCS of three either do not survive or remain in a vegetative state permanently.
In addition to the head trauma, he had collapsed lungs, eleven total broken bones including 6 broken vertebrae and a myriad of other injuries. The doctors told his wife on the day of the accident that they weren't sure if he would survive. “He's as sick as he can be and still be alive, and he is going to get worse before he gets better,” they said.
Read the entire article here, Influence is a Synonym for Leadership
via the fine folks at Dell
Tolisso Joins Bayern Munich For €41.5 Million
Bayern Munich have confirmed the signing of Olympique Lyon midfielder, Corentin Tolisso, beating Chelsea to his signature.
The France international cost Bayern Munich €41.5 million, with a five-year-contract agreed by the midfielder.
Tolisso primarily plays in midfield, but has shown how versatile a player he is after breaking into the first team at Lyon.
Tolisso expressed his delight at signing for Bayern, and also thanked his former club.
“I had a wonderful time at Lyon, and I'm very thankful for that,” he told Bayern Munich's official website. “Now I'm really pleased to be at one of the best clubs in Europe. I have great aims for my time at FC Bayern. Today is a great day for me.”
The post Tolisso Joins Bayern Munich For €41.5 Million appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Wisconsin Supreme Court overruled three prior Appeals Court decisions that found mandatory DNA charges for old offenses unconstitutional
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – Police said four people were involved in a fight at a Warren grocery store, which escalated into one woman getting stabbed and hit in the face with a padlock.
Police were called to the Save-A-Lot store on N. Park Avenue just before 1 p.m. Friday.
Officers arrived to find 21-year-old Ronald Butler screaming that a man inside had just stabbed his girlfriend, Nikeisha Pruitt. He then led an officer into the store and pointed to 47-year-old Darrian Reed, who he identified as the attacker.
A store clerk handed the officer a folding pocket knife, which the clerk said Reed used to stab Pruitt.
Reed and another suspect, Mandi Hopkins, told police that Pruitt and her family had “jumped” Hopkins' daughter last summer and there had been ongoing issues ever since. Hopkins said she was shopping with Reed when Pruitt came into the store and accused her of talking about her, according to a police report. The report said Hopkins told the officer that Pruitt began to swing at her, so she swung a keychain containing a padlock in self-defense.
Police said the keychain reportedly hit Pruitt in the head.
While Hopkins and Pruitt were fighting, Reed told police that Butler began throwing large glass jars at him, the report said. Reed said he took out the knife in self-defense but he denied stabbing Pruitt, saying the injury happened after she was hit in the head with the padlock.
An officer reviewed surveillance video from the store and saw Hopkins push Pruitt away from her, which started the fight, according to the report. Police said Reed was swinging at knife at Butler, who was throwing things at Reed.
Police said Reed then stabbed Pruitt in the head while Hopkins swung the padlock, also hitting Pruitt in the head with it.
Reed and Hopkins were arrested and taken to Trumbull County Jail, each charged with felonious assault.
Butler was charged with disorderly conduct.
In this video, ComputerWorld Director, Barry Coombs introduces Network Virtualization and the technologies that allow you to do this, including VMware NSX.
This video is from the fine folks at ComputerWorld Group.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Josh McSwiggan scored 14 points, including the go-ahead bucket in the second half, to help Portland get past San Jose State for a 64-55 win Saturday night.
JoJo Walker added 13 points, Marcus Shaver Jr. had 11 and Franklin Porter 10 for Portland (4-6), which snapped a two-game skid with the win. McSwiggan was 6 for 10 from the field with two 3-pointers.
Tied at 39-all in the second half, both teams went scoreless for nearly three minutes before McSwiggan hit a jumper with 11:57 left to end the drought and spark at 10-3 burst that put the Pilots in control the rest of the way. Philipp Hartwich had two dunks during the run.
San Jose State, which outrebounded Portland 30-26, got a pair of free throws from Ryan Welage to cut the gap to 49-44 but it was as close as the Spartans (2-7) got the rest of the way.
Welage finished with 21 points, including 10 free throws, to lead San Jose State.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Myjoyonline.com
2017-10-06
Accra has experienced [persistent flooding incidences during heavy downpour
The Mayor of Accra, Mohammed Adjei Sowah has assured that the Akufo-Addo-led administration will solve the perennial flooding problem in the capital before its term ends.
Speaking to Joy News' Matilda Wemegah on the day floods inundated many parts of the capital after an early morning downpour, the Mayor said flooding will soon be a thing of the past.
“The president has indicated his intention to resolve the perennial problem permanently and we are working closely with the Ministry of Works and Housing and in the next couple of days, we will announce to the general public the steps government has taken so far and the plans that we intend to roll out so that we resolve this problem permanently before the end of the president's term.
“That will solve the problem of the whole of Accra,” the Mayor said.
Flooding has caused a lot of havoc in many parts of the country following a heavy downpour, Friday morning.
In Accra, motorists who attempted to get to their various destinations in the morning were met with muddy flood waters.
There were three accidents on the Accra-Tema Motorway. Motorists heading to Accra from Madina and beyond were left in traffic for hours as flood waters on the Shiashie portion of the road made it almost impossible for any vehicle to get through.
In the Ashanti region, one life was lost and a six-year old girl is battling for her life after a building collapsed on her during the five-hour downpour.
Stories from the other regions are the same, only that in those areas, no lives were lost.
The Mayor of Accra said measures that the Akufo-Addo-led administration will roll out in the coming days will surely end the flooding problem permanently.
Mr Sowah, who visited parts of the capital worst hit by the flooding said much of the flooding problem is due to building on waterways, low-lying areas and the fact that people still dispose of solid waste into open drains.
“All these factors contribute to the flooding and that is why we are looking at the matter holistically. It is important we look at it that way. The knee-jerk approach has never been helpful to the people and we want to confront the matter head-on and that is the assurance the president wants to convey to the people,” he said.
But, the Member of Parliament for Adaklu, Kwame Agbodza has cast doubts on government's ability to deal with the situation.
He said the problem cannot be solved within a year.
“Go and check the budget and find out how much money is in there, I think it is less than a million and there is no way you are going to solve the problem in Accra with GHS1 million.”
He said the most important thing to do, especially if the case is one of the people building in wrong places, then there is the need to find out and be certain if more drains should be built.
“So that we don't wait for the rains to come then NADMO moves in and they don't do much because they are broke. So I don't have any hopes that in the near future, we are going to solve this problem,” he said.
Deputy Director of the Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO), Abu Ramadan says his outfit is adequately prepared to deal with the current situation.
He said although the previous government left a huge debt which the current administration is trying to settle, it is capable of dealing with the issues.
“We are not as broke as not to be able to deal with the challenges of today,” he said, adding that NADMO is more proactive than it used to be.
The new NADMO, he said, is concentrating on preventing disasters rather than managing them, adding, very soon the plans it is putting in place will manifest.
“Starting from next year, you will see a more reactive, preventive mood activated,” he said.
TRUMANN, Ark. — Police assembled outside a northeast Arkansas Walmart where a man was later killed after an employee texted her mother saying she expected problems with her ex-husband, who she assumed would be armed.
Trumann Police Chief Chad Henson tells the Jonesboro Sun that officers saw 21-year-old Faith Morgan leaving the store in Trumann Sunday evening with her ex-husband, 22-year-old Gabriel Urrabazo, who had a gun.
Hanson says Urrabazo stepped behind Morgan and held a gun to her head while he negotiated with police.
Police say Urrabazo killed 35-year-old Robert Highfill, who tried to save Morgan.
Henson says Urrabazo surrendered after an hourlong standoff with police. He faces a preliminary charge of first-degree murder.
Trumann is a small town about 120 miles (195 kilometres) northeast of Little Rock
Police bans Dino Melaye, others from holding unapproved rally in Kogi
The Kogi State Police Command on Wednesday announced an indefinite ban on rally, public procession and demonstration in all parts of the state. The Commissioner of Police (CP), Mr. Wilson Inalegwu, who made the announcement in Lokoja during a meeting with area commanders, divisional police officers and senior police personnel said the ban takes immediate […]
Police bans Dino Melaye, others from holding unapproved rally in Kogi
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A new option also means you can log out of Duo on an individual device without signing out of your account entirely, so you can pick and choose which devices alert you to a call. The rollout will probably take a couple of days to complete, but in the meantime make sure you've connected your Duo account to your Google account so you can access the new feature.
North Carolina based producer Hanz (aka Brandon Juhans) has shared “King Speed.” You can hear the song above.
The song, influenced by William S. Burroughs' cut-up technique, is a slow burning set of shifting textures, like a low-hanging cloud of samples. The sharp hits of the drum beat are the only thing that cut through the dense sonic collage, and the occasional cut up vocals that pan from the right channel to the left. Three quarters of the way through the tune things change up, as a noisy, static filled beat comes to the fore and brings with it a host of unmoored sounds and samples.
“King Speed” follows the track, “Page,” shared last month. Both are set to appear on Hanz's upcoming EP, Plasty I.
Plasty I is the first of two EP releases, which will see an album's worth of material released over two 12-inches. The second part will follow in Spring 2018 with more details TBA.
Plasty I follow Hanz' 2014 Tri Angle Records debut, Reducer. Previously, Hanz has self-released a number of singles and albums via his Bandcamp page. He's also remixed songs by The Pop Group and Alt-J.
Plasty I is out via Tri Angle Records on 01/19
A Northland school has helped to create the first te reo Māori iBook resource for The National Library of New Zealand's He Tohu exhibition.
The entire Te Kura Kaupapa o Whangaroa visited Wellington today, where they viewed the Treaty of Waitangi and other documents their ancestors signed.
It's the first time these Northland students have seen the documents their ancestors signed more than 150 years ago.
Former student Te Whai Smith says, "the school has spent a lot of time learning about the Declaration of Independence of the United Tribes of New Zealand and the Treaty of Waitangi, but for the students to actually see the documents is another experience altogether."
Te Whai's ancestor Hare Hongi signed the Declaration of Independence.
Together with her Whangaroa elders, Te Whai helped create the first iwi-personalised reo Māori iBook resource for the exhibition called Te Tino Rangatiratanga.
"There are very few [Māori language] resources here. This iBook will be a resource for all Māori-medium schools around the country to see Whangaroa's story about the Declaration, because it was signed in Whangaroa."
The school was one of two to take advantage of Te Puna Foundation funding, which subsidises travel costs to help get schools to the exhibition.
Head of the National Library of New Zealand and Te Puna Foundation Bill Macnaught says, "it's a great opportunity for us to say thank you to them for working so hard to produce that learning resource for their own community but it's a great example of what other schools and communities could be doing to tell their story about how they relate to both He Whakaputanga and Te Tiriti."
Air New Zealand has also partnered with the foundation, offering free airpoints, to help schools across the country view the exhibit too.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists are warned of delays on the A55 eastbound following a collision.
The accident, involving a lorry and a car, happened between the Posthouse and Sainsbury's roundabouts just after 3pm today (Wednesday, May 30).
Police say there were no injuries.
The vehicles have now been cleared but traffic sensors shows delays near Eccleston on the carriageway heading towards the M53.
VANCOUVER — One of the contenders vying to lead British Columbia's Liberal party won't have the backing of 1,349 prospective members who were disqualified from voting because of incomplete applications.
A spokesman for Todd Stone's campaign said email addresses were missing on membership applications of people whose first language is not English.
Peter Fassbender said in a statement on Friday that the issue came to light Jan. 26 when the party contacted Stone's senior campaign team.
Stone, who is one of six people hoping to lead the Liberals, immediately requested a full investigation to determine what happened.
The party agreed with Stone that people with incomplete applications should not be allowed to cast a ballot, Fassbender said.
Party members began voting on Thursday, and the process will continue until Saturday, when the Liberals will announce their next leader.
Liberal party spokesman David Wasyluk said the cutoff for membership signups was on Dec. 29 and over 14,000 audit calls were made to verify their members' contact information.
Wasyluk could not say how many members each of the campaigns had signed up by the deadline.
A statement from Geoff Plant, the party's chief returning officer and an attorney general in the former Liberal government, said since taking the job his priority has been ensuring the integrity of the membership database, which included a rigorous inspection of applications.
“As a result of this membership verification process, some applications from each of the submitting campaign teams did not meet the party's standards and were not accepted,” Plant said in a statement issued Friday. “Each of the leadership campaigns that submitted applications was informed by the party how many of these were not accepted, and for what reasons.”
Stone is in the race against Mike de Jong and Andrew Wilkinson, both of whom were longtime members of former premier Christy Clark's cabinet. Liberal backbenchers Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee are also aiming to take the helm, as is former Conservative MP Dianne Watts, who was once mayor of Surrey.
Stephen Carter, spokesman for de Jong's campaign, said the party had 63,000 members on Dec. 28 but then wound up with 59,000 members.
He said de Jong's campaign, along with those of three others — Lee, Watts and Wilkinson — co-signed a letter this week asking the party to make Stone's membership issue public so members could make an informed decision before casting their ballots.
“They needed to have the full information and the full story and now in the middle of the voting, the full story has finally come out,” he said.
Carter said a social media marketing company called AggregateIQ had contacted de Jong's campaign to try and build memberships but was unsuccessful in securing a contract, though it did work for Stone's campaign.
Its tactics involved creating domains and email portals to attach email address to new members, he said, adding the loophole is technically not against the Liberal party's rules.
Carter said 46 per cent of members had yet to vote by Friday.
“This whole revelation that happened around Todd Stone shakes the whole race up because people who were going to choose Todd Stone on the first ballot are now essentially free agents.”
Katy Merrifield, campaign manager for Wilkinson, said in a statement: “Today's disclosure of more than 1,000 ineligible Stone campaign memberships is disappointing. I am proud the Wilkinson campaign has been firmly based on integrity and transparency.”
Laura Balance, spokeswoman for Watts, said the campaign would not be commenting on the issue. A spokesman from Lee's campaign also declined comment.
A spokesperson for Sullivan was not immediately available.
Plant said media reports around the voting process are a reminder that the system works.
“Where membership applications did not meet the party's strict criteria, they were not accepted,” his statement said.
— follow @camillebains1 on Twitter.
"I had a good feeling right there and then they made a great play on Nick's ball," Atlanta manager Brian Snitker said. "That thing was two inches from being a base hit and here we go."
Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings, allowing just two hits and one intentional walk with two strikeouts.
The Mets got what they needed from Vargas, who was pitching on three days' rest and began the game 1-3 with a 10.62 ERA in five starts in his first season with New York.
New York made it 2-0 in the seventh off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran (4-3) when Rosario tripled with two outs and scored on Nimmo's single.
The Mets went up 3-1 in the eighth on Gonzalez's single off Sam Freeman and took a 4-1 lead in the ninth when Rosario doubled off Miguel Socolovich and scored on Nimmo's double.
New York led 1-0 in the fourth when Jay Bruce doubled and scored on Gonzalez's double.
Teheran gave up five hits, two runs and three walks in seven innings. He struck out three.
New York moved Vargas up in the rotation after Noah Syndergaard went on the disabled list with a strained ligament in his right index finger. Vargas had given up 34 hits, including six homers, with 10 walks in 20 1/3 innings in his first season with the Mets.
But he kept Atlanta off-balance, allowing just a first-inning single to Freddie Freeman and a second-inning double to Charlie Culberson.
Tim Peterson, making his major league debut, retired the first four batters he faced before Johan Camargo hit his fourth homer in the seventh to cut the lead to 2-1.
DROP IN THE STANDINGS
The Braves had been in first place since May 2, but never by more than 1 1/2 games.
PERFECT CONDITIONS
After the first three games had over four combined hours of delays caused by rain or the threat of a storm, Wednesday's games breezed through in 2 hours, 42 minutes. The temperature stayed in the high 70s on a clear night.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: LHP Steven Matz is listed day to day, and the team hopes he won't miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger. Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Braves: RHP Mike Soroka, on the disabled list the past two weeks with a right shoulder strain, will make his first rehab appearance Friday at Class A Rome.
UP NEXT
Mets: RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48 ERA) will make his first start of the season as the Mets open a four-game home series against the Chicago Cubs. In 26 starts, he's 12-6 with a 4.09 ERA. He's 0-1 with a 9.00 ERA in one start and two relief appearances when facing the Cubs.
Braves: LHP Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) is coming off no-decision last Saturday at Boston in which he lasted just three innings and gave up six hits and three runs. Before that, Newcomb had won four starts this month and allowed just one run and nine hits in 25 innings. Newcomb is 0-2 with a 9.72 ERA in two career starts against Washington.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By George Henry, The Associated Press
NEW YORK — Days after the presidential pardon of Jack Johnson, Sylvester Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African-American heavyweight champion.
Stallone said Wednesday that his newly launched Balboa Productions will start with a film about Johnson. On Thursday, Stallone stood next to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office as he signed a rare posthumous pardon to Johnson, who served 10 months in prison in what Trump called "a racially-motivated injustice."
Trump has said Stallone was instrumental in bringing Johnson's story to his attention.
Stallone's production company said the film will be fast-tracked with Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures.
In this JCPS middle school, some teachers led discussions about the shooting in hopes of learning from it. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
Lots of people in Kentucky wore blue and orange Friday to support the community of Marshall, Kentucky after a school shooting killed two students. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Friday people throughout the state showed their support for Marshall County and the victims of the recent school shooting.
Pictures were shared all over social media of people wearing blue and orange and using the #MarshallStrong.
At JCPS' Highland Middle School, students discussed the school shooting that took place at Marshall County High School Jan. 23. The subject is a sensitive one because it hits close to home.
"(In the) Kentucky one, he was 15. Same age as kids who were shot," one teacher said to his students, in a classroom where they were discussing the shooting.
The staff and students wore blue and orange to show support for the community. It was a special request from Kentucky Education Commissioner Stephen Pruitt for people all over the state.
"It's not just here are facts but let's talk about this. Let's learn from situation," Tim Meyer, the Youth Services Center Coordinator at Highland Middle School, said. "A lot of concern, a lot of worry, a lot of discussion. What are we part of and how can we make things better?"
The shooting at Marshall County High School left two students dead and more than a dozen injured.
RELATED STORIES
+ 'She never came': Marshall County shooting victim's family speaks
+ Teen suspect in Marshall Co. school shooting faces judge
+ Talking to your kids about a tragedy like the Marshall County shooting
+ Kentucky company designs shirt for Marshall County victims
The victims were also on the minds of lawmakers in Frankfort where they wore special pins.
"The solidarity of our House of Representatives and people of Kentucky that are all behind the citizens of Marshall County, my community and all Marshall Strong," Rep. Will Coursey, who represents the Marshall area, said.
A message shared by so many in the state and echoed too by our WAVE 3 News Sunrise Team who wore special t-shirts Friday morning.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
HORSE CAVE, KY (WAVE) – The turmoil continues for the tiny police department in Horse Cave, Kentucky.
The chief and an officer are already suspended in the wake of an FBI investigation.
On Monday, WAVE 3 News learned that Officer Larry Martin was terminated last week.
The city attorney said the firing isn't related to the federal investigation.
Martin wasn't allowed to carry a gun because of a previous federal wire fraud indictment.
Horse Cave only has six officers. Currently, only three are allowed to patrol the streets.
The Hart County Sheriff's Office is helping with patrols.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Part of the problem for parties is our insistence that they be run democratically. That turns out not to be a very realistic concept. Yes, we can hold elections within parties, but party leaders will always have vastly more information about candidates — their strengths and flaws, their ability to govern and work with Congress, their backing among various interest groups and coalitions — than voters and caucusgoers do. That information is useful, even vital, to the task of picking a good nominee. As the political scientist E. E. Schattschneider once said, democracy is to be found between the parties, not within them.
Casting doubts about a party's legitimacy — in particular picking a presidential nominee — can have real electoral consequences. In 2016, Senator Bernie Sanders highlighted Hillary Clinton's contributions from well-heeled donors, and particularly her strong support among the party's superdelegates, as signals that the nomination contest had been fixed for her and that the only way for the Democratic Party to be a truly democratic party would be to nominate Mr. Sanders.
By the spring of 2016, democratic legitimacy was the overwhelming rationale of his campaign. In the general election, roughly one Sanders supporter in 10 ended up voting for Donald Trump, and many young voters defected for third-party candidates, possibly costing Mrs. Clinton the election in several key states.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
This also happened in 1924, when Democrats held a famously divisive convention that spanned two weeks and 103 ballots. William Gibbs McAdoo of California fought to a nomination stalemate against Gov. Al Smith of New York, a favorite of the Tammany Hall organization.
McAdoo ran a deeply populist campaign aimed at maximizing his apparent democratic legitimacy. He ran in over a dozen primaries, a very rare approach at that time. He held numerous rallies among his supporters and claimed their mandate for leadership, all the while warning about the “sinister forces” trying to undermine his nomination.
During the convention, after the 77th ballot, he gave a rousing speech to his delegates, claiming, “I feel that I have to carry out the mandate of the people,” arguing that his candidacy symbolized democracy itself. Remarkably, in a contest between a Catholic New Yorker (Smith) and a Klan sympathizer (McAdoo), internal party democracy had become the defining issue of the campaign.
But this argument, however dramatic, wasn't enough for McAdoo to win nomination. Unable to secure the necessary two-thirds of delegates, he and Smith eventually bowed out and made way for John W. Davis of West Virginia. Democrats divided, and they lost in a rout to Calvin Coolidge that fall.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Today, Democrats are undergoing some deep — and valid — soul-searching. The unity commission came with no shortage of internal division.
But it's what happens when a party insists on being too democratic and when candidates use democratic appeals as a cudgel to undermine their opponents. Yes, Democrats did well in recent elections in Virginia, New Jersey and elsewhere, but those victories papered over very serious rifts that could affect it during the next presidential election cycle.
Tensions between party factions don't have to result in lasting hostilities. As a candidate in 2004, Howard Dean made similar claims to grass-roots support and a bid financed by small donors. But Mr. Dean exited the nomination contest early on, endorsing the presumptive nominee John Kerry by the end of March.
Parties have something of a dual purpose — they need to win elections but also find a way to channel the different voices within their coalitions. Sometimes those goals mesh well and at other times they're in tension.
The belief that parties should be internally democratic, which has gained wider acceptance over time and, with the reform commission, is likely accelerating, has altered the way parties balance those two objectives. Candidates who lose the nomination can protest on democratic grounds and gain traction in doing so.
But there's a real danger in taking this path. It undermines both the nominee and the party, both immediately and in the long run. And it undermines one of the necessary, if difficult, aspects of democracy: conceding gracefully when you lose.
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — An Akron man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for the rape of his 71-year-old neighbor.
The Summit County Prosecutor's Office said in a statement released on Tuesday that 19-year-old Billy Patterson pleaded guilty to charges of rape, aggravated burglary and felonious assault stemming from an attack on an elderly woman.
Police say Patterson beat and raped his neighbor after breaking into her house in September 2016. Officials say Patterson had known the victim for ten years.
A judge designated Patterson a Tier 3 Sex Offender.
Comments
comments
South
Union (Ky.) 10-5, Culver-Stockton 6-13
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WIMAUMA, Fla. (WFLA) – One person was hospitalized overnight after a house fire in Wimauma.
Hillsborough County Fire Rescue took a call around 1 o'clock Tuesday morning for a fire at a home on Edinburgh Moore Drive. Responding crews found heavy fire and smoke coming from the two-story home when they arrived.
Witnesses tell us the homeowner had to be taken to the hospital. According to firefighters, their injuries are minor.
The fire was under control in about 30 minutes. The cause is under investigation.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) takes the handoff from quarterback Dak Prescott, right, during NFL football practice at the team's training facility, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
FRISCO, Texas (AP) -- Ezekiel Elliott plopped a cowboy hat on his head and flashed a wide smile that made him look like someone closing in on a few weeks of vacation.
''Feel like a real cowboy,'' the star Dallas running back said after the second-to-last offseason practice Wednesday. ''Do I look the part?''
Hard to say with the beard, but he looked the part in what mattered last year: NFL rushing champion as a rookie fourth overall draft pick. Now the question is the encore, and the offseason handling of a known commodity at a position predisposed to short careers.
''We don't really talk about taking it easy,'' offensive coordinator Scott Linehan said. ''I think we're pushing forward with him. We've got to still manage that for him. But certainly we'll want to amp it up this year as far as his ability to affect the game in the run game and the pass game.''
Elliott missed the first week of offseason practices after hitting his head as a passenger in a car accident, the second straight year he was involved in a car wreck during the offseason program.
Still not cleared by the NFL despite authorities dropping a domestic case in Ohio last year, Elliott made headlines again in March when he pulled down a woman's shirt during a St. Patrick's Day parade. As a result, questions about his off-field activities persist.
Running backs coach Gary Brown says he sees a more disciplined Elliott, and the former Ohio State star acknowledged easing up on his nightlife in recent weeks as the team's offseason program accelerated.
''You learn from your mistakes,'' Elliott said. ''And if you don't, it could be brutal. Just part of life.''
When Elliott reports to training camp after a five-week break, he'll be preparing for what figures to be a similar workload after he led the NFL with 322 carries for his league-best 1,631 yards.
Because Elliott is a good blocker and pass-catcher, the Cowboys really don't have a reason to take their All-Pro off the field, except they know they must.
And that's why the question comes up even though Elliott turns just 22 the day the team is scheduled to arrive in California.
''You have to learn how much your body can take,'' said Elliott, the fifth rookie to lead the NFL in rushing since the 1970 merger.
''That's really important, so developing a routine, week in, week out, that will keep you fresh, that will keep you from having those nagging injuries.''
Quarterback Dak Prescott was the fellow rookie sensation who helped the Cowboys to a 13-3 record and top seed in the NFC before losing to Green Bay in a divisional playoff. The NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year faces the same encore question.
''We're going to get better together,'' said Prescott, who set rookie records in passer rating (104.9) and completion rate (67.8 percent). ''He's kind of my partner in crime. If I need something, he's going to make sure on the field and off the field it happens.''
Elliott had a 60-yard score and an 83-yard touchdown on a screen pass as a rookie, but breakaway runs top his list of ways to improve in his second season. Brown said drills where Elliott tries to elude defensive backs are one way to work on what they call second-level running.
''You try to come up with different creative ways to keep him motivated, other than the way he is motivated already by just being better,'' Brown said. ''But you've still got to give him more. You don't want it to get stale.''
Elliott is listening.
''You can say I've proven myself, but I've got to keep doing that,'' he said. ''So it's all just kinda learning this offense inside out and kind of learning more beyond what I do.''
---
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Gymnasts say that Larry Nassar is far from a “one-man problem.” Here are the stories of three other coaches accused of sexually abusing young gymnasts for years.
JERUSALEM — The legendary former Mossad agent who led the operation to capture Holocaust mastermind Adolf Eichmann has expressed surprising support for the nationalist Alternative for Germany party.
The 91-year-old Rafi Eitan says in a video statement on his Facebook page Saturday that Israel appreciates the party's “attitude toward Judaism” and looks for them to also “become an alternative to Europe.”
The party, AfD, won 12.6 per cent of the vote in Germany's September election to win seats in parliament for the first time and become the country's third-biggest party. Its leaders have expressed anti-Semitic statements and played down the crimes of the Nazi regime.
Eitan, a former Israeli Cabinet minister, appeared to endorse the party's hard-line toward Muslim immigrants.
Israel's ambassador to Germany, Jeremy Issacharoff, condemned Eitan's statement as “sad and shameful.”
We must defend terms of our constitution, says Osinbajo
• Meets Ohaneze, five south-east govs, leaders
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo yesterday declared that the Federal Government would not shirk its responsibilities, just as he said the administration would do everything within its power to defend the terms of the nation's constitution.
He stated this when he met with the leadership of Ohaneze Ndigbo, the five governors of the south-east and the leadership of the zone in the National Assembly and other stakeholders from the area.
Present during the meeting were the President General of Ohaneze Ndigbo, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, his deputy Dr. Sylvanus Obigwei, the Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State, Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia, Dave Umayi of Ebonyi State, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu States and Willie Obiano.
Also present were the Chairman of the south- east Senate caucus, Enyinnaya Abaribe, his counterpart from the House of Representatives and Deputy Minority leader, Chukwuka Onyeama, Senators Joy Emordi, Sam Egwu, Ken Nnamani, Adolphus Wabara, former Managing Director of Daily Times, Onyema Ugochukwu, former Minister of Foreign Affairs, Prof. Viola Onwuliri, among others.
The acting president had earlier also met with the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN).
The meeting yesterday, came following the sustained agitation for Biafra Republic, the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), and the recent ultimatum by the coalition of Arewa youths asking the Igbo to quit the northern part of the country on or before October 1.
Before the meeting went into a closed-door session, the acting president reminded the leaders of the danger of violence and war, stressing that both are easy to start but difficult to end.
He further stated that the government's consultation with the people was to address the sundry agitations and proclamations urgently, adding, “Burying our heads in the sand and expecting the storm to blow over on its own accord is not an option.”
“One thing is clear – violence and war are terrible things. They are easy to start but near impossible to end. Indeed you're all aware of the Igbo proverb that says that ‘A man who rushes into battle does not realise that battle entails death.'
“Yesterday (Tuesday) I kicked off a series of consultations and engagements with leaders of thought from northern Nigeria. It was a useful meeting. Today's (yesterday) meeting, the second in the series, is with you, leaders of thought from the south-east.
“After this, I will meet with religious and traditional leaders from the north and from the south-east, on Friday and Monday respectively. And then, in the final consultation, next week Thursday, all of us, from north and south, would come together in the same room, for further engagement and consultation. I also plan at some time in between to meet with the Nigerian Governors Forum.
“These consultations are necessary, and important, because of recent events in the country. You are all aware that there have been loud and sometimes hostile agitations by youths in the south-east, calling for secession of the region from Nigeria.
“Then there was the recent ultimatum issued by a group of youths from the north, asking all south-easterners living in the north to leave by October 1 this year.
“Both of these expressions and agitations from both sides, have been attended with some controversial and hateful vituperations including patently illegal and violence-inducing remarks.
“But equally not reasonable is falling for the temptation for tit-for-tat. It has never worked or moved us closer to a solution or resolution.
“And so, it is in our bid, as government, to deal with these pressing issues and grievances, that we have convened this series of consultations, with various groups. We will never shy away from the responsibility to ensure and uphold the peace and security of Nigeria.''
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It was just over a year ago that a blonde and slightly dazed-looking Kanye West appeared in the Trump Tower lobby to pose for photos with the then-president-elect. But judging by the reception for Kanye's return to Twitter and forthcoming new albums, you'd think multiple lifetimes had passed since then. In an environment where a tenuous or even imagined connection to Trump support is enough to earn an artist a spot on a fan's blacklist, Kanye—a guy who literally embraced the president, called his campaign “genius,” said he would have voted for him had he voted at all, and reportedly angled for a spot in his administration—endured only a short backlash before everyone seemingly forgot about it, or wrote it off as one more symptom of the demons that were evidently hounding him at the time.
Now that everyone is back on Kanye's side and feverishly faving his tweets, he would like to remind you that he wasn't just fucking around pulling your leg back in 2016. Ebro of Hot 97's Ebro in the Morning said today that he spoke with Kanye over the weekend, after the rapper tweeted “I love the way Candace Owens thinks,” referencing a right-wing pundit who spent Friday chiding Black Lives Matter protesters for talking about oppression because they didn't personally live through slavery or Jim Crow. West apparently told Ebro that he likes Owens (who is black) because she is “challenging conventional black thought.” In case that stance isn't clear enough, according to Ebro, Kanye also said “I really love Donald Trump,” which shouldn't be surprising to anyone that paid attention to him in 2016. The Trump soundbite comes up at about 6:50 into the video below.
And this morning, Kanye tweeted eight straight video clips by Dilbert creator and right-wing pseudo-intellectual Scott Adams, further expressing his identity as the kind of clueless rich guy who earnestly believes that historical circumstances are irrelevant and anyone can become successful by working hard and manifesting it with the power of positive brain electricity, or something. (Maybe Kanye's good friend Rick Rubin hipped him to Adams.) “Do you know what happens when history doesn't repeat?” Adams says smugly and with the air of revelation in one of the videos. “Then you can become president of the United States without ever being a politician.”
Kanye isn't joking or engaging in some complex thought experiment when he expresses support for people like Owens and Trump, as much as we might like to believe that he is. If you really respect him as an artist and person, you owe it to him to take him at his word.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A local non-profit music program is offering a day full of activities for kids on Martin Luther King Day.
AMPED is welcoming 40 students to participate in free workshops on January 16 while they are out of school.
Zeta Phi Beta Sorority will teach etiquette lessons and consultants from Mary Kay will provide skin care tips.
The day will conclude with a showing of the movie Selma.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ AMPED Louisville receives $100K donation
+ AMPED provides circuit for success
+ LMAS offering free pet adoptions this week
The event begins at 9 a.m. and goes until 5 p.m. Breakfast and lunch will be provided.
To register a child, email ampedlouisville@gmail.com or call Melanie at 502-432-3078 or Love at 502-915-5804.
Copyright 2016 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Three inches of rain fell in Alexandria on Sunday as measured at the airport, and several roads and ditches flooded east of Alexandria near Nelson, after what has already been a wet and stormy year.
The National Weather Service says June was 0.89 inches above the average at 4.94 inches of rain. July brought in 1.41 inches above average at 4.83 inches.
Alexandria has already received 5.64 inches of rain midway through August while 3.54 inches is the average for the entire month.
National Weather Service records indicate that 2016 was the wettest year in Minnesota history, as well as Alexandria history. Alexandria received 40.32 inches last year, breaking the previous record of 40.15, which was set in 1911.
So far in 2017, Alexandria has received 22.25 inches.
Joel Dahlheimer owns a farm east of Alexandria where he has wheat, soybeans and corn.
"I'm concerned if this goes into the fall," Dahlheimer said about all the rain.
Dahlheimer said his concerns include too much water in the fields causing difficulty when combining wheat, white mold possibly growing in the soybeans and nitrogen in cornfields leaching away, making for yellowish corn plants.
While scouting the area near his land, he saw several flooded ditches and roads, Dahlheimer said.
"There's no doubt there's water where it shouldn't be," he said
Some wheat fields in the area already have been harvested, but Dahlheimer's wheat isn't ready just yet, he said. Dahlheimer said he hopes his fields, which also include soybeans and corn crops, will dry up for the harvest.
Combining in a wet field isn't something he looks forward to.
The markets show an abundance of crops this year according to Dahlheimer, but that means lower prices in this rainy season for him. He said farms in his area have gotten a lot of rain, while farms in places near Villard say they need more rain.
Tim Bennett with Pro-Ag Farmers Co-op in Brandon said the wheat farmers are the most concerned as the longer those fields stay wet, the longer the farmers need to wait to harvest.
"I always tell everybody wheat is kind of like hay, the longer it stays in the field the quality goes down," said Bennett. "The wheat price has been dropping like a rock here in the last three days, it's down like about $1.30 since last Wednesday."
Sunday rain in Alexandria didn't only affect farm fields.
Lightning was blamed for a fire at a detached garage on South Le Homme Dieu Drive.
On Lake Burgen, Karin Weigel said rising lake levels swept a Jet Ski off its lift near the shoreline.
She said the water level must be about 3 feet higher than normal as their 6 to 8 feet stretch of shoreline beach sand is now covered by water.
The Jet Ski didn't drift too far away from their property, but Weigel posted on Facebook a warning to other Burgen residents to check their boat lifts as well.
General Overseer of Omega Fire Ministry Worldwide, Apostle Johnson Suleman, has reflected on the unfolding events in the polity and the “crass abuse of power by the governing All Progressives Congress (APC), ongoing genocide in Southern Kaduna”. Apostle Suleman also raised the alarm that the nation was sliding into fascism and official terrorism. He observed […]
Discover the beautiful filming locations in Snowdonia and south Wales that form the setting for this unsettling new thriller
Hidden is a new BBC drama that powerfully off-sets dark and distressing subject matter with bright and beautiful scenery.
Advertisement
It follows DI Cadi John, played by Sian Reese-Williams, who is investigating the death of a missing young woman found in a disused quarry.
Interweaving storylines see the drama deal with class prejudice, mental health, self-harm and brutality against women, all set within the breathtaking terrain of Snowdonia and south Wales.
Find out more about the filming locations for the new series below.
Where does DI Cadi John's father live?
Ynys Castell is a private holiday home on its very own tiny island off the coast of Anglesey, and provides the location for Cadi's father's house.
The island is cut off from the main land for about four hours twice each day as it can only be reached by boat when the tide is up.
Where is the waterfall where the victim's body is found?
Henrhyd Falls in the Brecon Beacons, the striking scene of the gruesome crime at the centre of Hidden, is the highest waterfall in south Wales.
It plunges into the wooded Graig Llech Gorge, and is near to the lush Nant Llech valley.
Where is the bridge?
The Menai Suspension Bridge is a Grade I listed structure that links Anglesey to mainland Wales, allowing people to cross the Menai Straits since 1826.
Other locations to look out for as the drama unfolds include the impressive Cwm Prysor viaduct near Trawsfynydd, and Rhyd-Ddu, a village at the foot of Snowdon.
Advertisement
Hidden airs on BBC1 Wales at 9pm on Wednesday nights and on BBC4 at 9pm on Saturday nights
NEW YORK — Fox News said Friday that the network's legal counsel, who is named in lawsuits relating to the late former CEO Roger Ailes' regime, is taking a “voluntary leave.”
Fox offered no additional details Friday on the departure of Dianne Brandi, including whether she is being paid or if she will return. She was a powerful leader at Fox under Ailes, who was forced out last year because of harassment charges.
Brandi has been named in pending lawsuits by former and current employees who alleged she did not act on complaints of harassment or discrimination against them by executives, and even retaliated against people who made charges. Brandi has denied the accusations.
She was named in cases filed by former on-air contributors Julie Roginsky and Andrea Tantaros, who both had complained about harassment by Ailes. She was also a part of a racial discrimination case involving several employees and a since-fired financial executive at Fox.
Douglas Wigdor, a lawyer for several of the people with cases against Fox, called the announcement of Brandi's leave “long overdue.” He said the real question is whether Fox will apologize to the people he represents.
Former Fox co-president, Bill Shine, left the network in May after also being named in lawsuits for failing to correct behaviour at the network. Popular personality Bill O'Reilly was ousted this spring when it was revealed Fox had paid five women a total of $13 million to keep quiet about harassment allegations.
Sports News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
CAF President , Dr Ahmad Ahmad
The President of the Confederation of African Football (CAF), Dr Ahmad Ahmad, says he will steadily push through his agenda of formulating a policy that will help grow football to ensure total transformation of the game on the continent.
According to Dr Ahmad, his agenda is to continue to build upon positive legacies stakeholders have made in that regard as that is the only way that the game on the continent can catch up with the rest of the world, a plan that was quietly pushed through by the late president of Liberty Professionals, Alhaji Sly Tetteh.
Speaking as the Guest of Honour at the maiden Alhaji Sly Tetteh Legacy Forum held last Friday, Dr Ahmad espoused the contribution and influence of the late Liberty Professional founder on the game, particularly in youth development and said it was imperative that those ideals and contribution were build upon, as there was no doubt it would innure to the benefit of the continent.
“From the stories told of Sly Tetteh and what we witnessed him do with his Liberty Professionals, there is no doubt that he was very much interested in developing the youth the foundation of the growth of football in Africa and it is important that we take the positives of such a dream and venture, and build upon it as there is no doubt that it is the realistic option the continent has.
“As we fratenise, we must also share ideas on how we can move Africa football in the right direction by learning from the experience of the likes of Alhaji Sly Tetteh, who made so much impact on the game in his involvement at different levels.”
The CAF president, who once headed the Madagascar Football Association, noted that it was part of his plans to ensure total transformation of football on the continent by incorporating all ideas and that explains why he would involve people in the formulation of plans to help grow the game on the continent.
“My administration has an open door approach, intended to listen to people in football in Africa to help formulate that he plans to help grow the game on the continent. As the president of CAF, I have to adopt new ways of effectively managing the game on your behalf.
“In the true spirit of Alhaji Sly Tetteh, I am operating an open door policy, engaging people on their ideas and plans to develop and make the game better,” Dr Ahmad emphasized.
The 57-year-old who unseated Issa Hayatou in an election last March, recalled his first interaction with the late Liberty Professionals owner, revealing that his relationship with Tetteh dated back many years, and would never forget the generosity and humility of the man who helped nurture great players like Micheal Essien, Sulley Muntari, Asamoah Gyan and Kwadwo Asamoah.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
play videoVice President of IMANI Ghana, Kofi Bentil
Vice President of IMANI Ghana, Kofi Bentil has stated that corruption is still rife in Ghana because even though the country is very corrupt, no one has been jailed for committing the offence yet.
Speaking at a media dialogue on the Office of the Special Prosecutor (OSP), the legal practitioner stated that the country can move faster “if we could find a way to treat corrupt people as thieves'.
He said, “if you trace the malfunctioning of our systems and our country as a whole, you'll find a number of things, we do not lack resources, we spend enough money on anything but we don't get the right performance out of those things and it's because of corruption”.
He said even though the powers to deal with corruption lied with the Attorney General (AG), they haven't been able to deliver on that mandate because a lot of corruption cases are linked to the executive wing of the government which the AG is part of.
“A lot of corruption emanates or relates to the executive, the president, his appointees and the Attorney General is part of the executive. Regardless of the competence, etc, they can be removed from office if they try to do just their job”, Kofi Bentil said.
He added that it became important to take the power of prosecution from the Attorney General because of the conflict of interest, subsequently the need for the Office of the Special Prosecutor.
The men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
The men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
___
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
___
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Ghana national U-17 football team known as the Black Starlets, the youngest team that represents Ghana in football make a return to the FIFA World Cup after exactly a decade of not qualifying to the tournament. The Black Starlets are taking on The Colombian U17 team who are also staging the fifth appearance in the competition.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The craze for smartphones, social media and universal connectivity is generating immense wealth but also deep unease in South Korea, source of a large share of the computer chips that make them work.
Soaring demand for microchips used in smartphones, computer servers and data centers is driving profits for chip and smartphone maker Samsung Electronics and its smaller rival SK Hynix sky high, helping sustain growth in Asia's fourth largest economy.
Samsung reported Wednesday that its annual net profit rose 84 percent to a record 41.3 trillion won ($38.6 billion) in 2017 on annual sales of 239.6 trillion won ($223.7 billion), up 19 percent from the previous year.
But pressures are building as youth unemployment approaches 10 percent and many elderly Koreans scrimp and scavenge to get by.
The Syrian government launched a new operation Tuesday targeting tunnels used by the Islamic State group in the capital, state TV said, while shelling by the extremists on a government-held neighborhood left at least four dead.
The TV said the aim of the operation is to destroy trenches and tunnels in the Hajar al-Aswad neighborhood and the nearby Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk, which is also mostly controlled by the extremists.
IS fighters in Hajar al-Aswad fired a shell on the nearby government-held neighborhood of Nahr Aisha, killing four people and wounding 15, state TV said. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the shelling killed five and wounded 17.
A group of journalists taken to the adjacent neighborhood of Qadam on Tuesday witnessed intense shelling and airstrikes on IS positons in the camp and Hajar al-Aswad. The crackle of gunfire echoed from the heavily damaged area.
The area in southern Damascus is the last part of the capital not controlled by President Bashar Assad's forces. Other insurgents in the area, including an al-Qaida-linked group, have said they would relocate to rebel-held regions in northern Syria.
"The operation will continue until its goal is achieved," a Syrian military officer told reporters in Qadam, speaking on condition of anonymity under regulations.
He said the army is also working on separating IS-held areas in Hajar al-Aswad and Yarmouk from the nearby rebel-held suburbs of Beit Sahem, Babila and Yalda.
Tuesday's fighting focused on the Joura area in Hajar al-Aswad, from where thick smoke rose up into the sky.
The Observatory, an opposition-linked war monitoring group, said since the fighting began on Thursday, 15 troops and pro-government gunmen and 19 IS fighters have been killed. It said dozens were wounded on both sides.
The head of the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees, UNRWA, said in a statement that it is deeply concerned for the fate of thousands of civilians, including Palestinian refugees, after days of fighting in Yarmouk, a built-up residential area.
UNRWA's commissioner-general, Pierre Krahenbuhl, said the agency estimates there were about 6,000 Palestinian refugees in Yarmouk and about 6,000 in the surrounding areas, before the latest round of fighting began on Thursday.
"The humanitarian situation has long been very harsh and is rapidly deteriorating further, with supplies of food and medicine running low," Krahenbuhl said. "There is no running water and very little electricity. Health care options are limited and there are no doctors remaining in the area."
He said UNRWA is prepared to open temporary shelters and provide relief and humanitarian assistance.
———
Mroue reported from Beirut.
It's been a couple of years since the previous StoreFront customization series was published, so it's time for a content refresh.
While doing research on existing customization implementations found around the web, it was observed that many of them were not compatible with native Receiver clients. Consequently, using those methods can lead to an inconsistent user experience or, worse yet, can cause the native Receiver to throw script errors. The goal of this series, therefore, is to review a number of cosmetic and functional StoreFront UI customizations that strive to maintain compatibility across both Receiver for Web and native Receiver. The chosen customizations were borne out of real world customer needs and requirements that I've encountered while working in the field. New customizations will be added over time, so be sure to occasionally check back for recent additions.
Customizations
Follow the links below for step-by-step instructions on implementing the following customizations:
Read the entire article here, StoreFront UI Customization Series | Citrix Blogs
Via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
FILE - In this Jan. 13, 2011, file photo, Alex Trebek, host of the "Jeopardy!" quiz show, speaks to an audience of primarily media about an upcoming "Jeopardy!" show featuring IBM's "Watson" in Yorktown Heights, N.Y. New York City bartender Austin Rogers extended his run of wins to eight on the show that aired Oct. 5, 2017, and boosted his total winnings to more than $300,000. Rogers' on-screen antics are winning him a cult following. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York City bartender's on-screen antics and big bets while competing on "Jeopardy!" are winning him cash to go along with a cult following.
By the end of Thursday's show, Austin Rogers had won eight days in a row and more than $300,000. "Jeopardy!" says that total put him at fifth on the show's list of all-time regular season money winners. Rogers has done it while sporting wild hair and a bushy beard and making animated gestures after correct answers.
He's also making big wagers. Rogers won a whopping $34,000 bet on the show's "Final Jeopardy" segment Tuesday.
Fans are singing his praises on Twitter by using the hashtag #AustinOnJeopardy.
Rogers tells "Good Morning America" that the secret to his success is uncovering patterns in clues by watching hundreds of "Jeopardy!" episodes.
OTTAWA – Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale says he will soon talk face-to-face with his U.S. counterpart about the difficulties some Canadians are experiencing at the border.
Goodale said Tuesday he will have a chance in coming weeks — no date has been set — to discuss any border “issues or tensions” with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.
“We're working on the scheduling of that,” Goodale said after a cabinet meeting. “The atmosphere in terms of the preliminary relationship seems to be very, very good.”
The Nexus trusted-traveller cards of about 200 Canadian permanent residents were suddenly cancelled after President Donald Trump issued an executive immigration order banning visitors from seven largely Muslim countries.
There have been several recent reports about minorities being turned away at the U.S. border. At the same time, Manitoba is grappling with an influx of would-be refugees crossing at remote border points in bitterly cold weather.
Goodale was briefed on the refugee issue Tuesday by RCMP Commissioner Bob Paulson and Canada Border Services Agency president John Ossowski.
“They're redeploying resources to make sure that they've got the right people at the right place to be able to cope with these matters,” Goodale said.
The border issues have threatened to overshadow progress Canada made this week in Washington on plans for cargo preclearance to speed up trade as well as more extensive co-operation on fending off cyberthreats.
Goodale was among the ministers who accompanied Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on his first visit with Trump.
Canada and the U.S. agreed to move ahead with preclearance of cargo, which allows for the examination of shipments by the destination country at special sites inside the territory of the departure country. The idea is to benefit travellers and trade by reducing congestion and delays at the border.
Goodale hailed the language in a joint Canada-U.S. statement as a “major step forward.”
“It didn't say we were going to study it, we were going to think about it, we're going to work on it — it says from both countries, we are committed to implement it,” he said. “There are some preliminary sites that have been examined for some pilots where we can work out the kinks and the logistics.”
The efforts would build on cargo pilot projects the countries have already carried out under the 2011 Beyond the Border security pact.
“I think, from my impression (in Washington), the Americans are as keen as we are to make cargo preclearance a reality,” Goodale said.
Currently, people flying to American cities through eight major Canadian airports can be precleared there by U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers.
Passenger preclearance is being expanded to Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport and Quebec City's Jean Lesage International Airport, as well as for rail service in Montreal and Vancouver.
On Monday, Canada and the U.S. agreed to bring traveller preclearance to other locations, though one insider said it was too early to say which ones might participate.
The commitment to collaborate more closely on cyberthreats and protecting important systems also builds on existing cross-border efforts.
“We have a number of common critical infrastructure systems that cross the border between our two countries,” Goodale said Tuesday.
“The North American power grid is a good example of that, where there are huge interconnections along the border. And we want to make that as resilient and resistant to attack as we possibly can.”
By Aidan Dallas
For the Tribune
MADISON — The Hewitt-Trussville Huskies displayed complete dominance over the Bob Jones High School Patriots. In a game that pitted two closely ranked teams together, there was no contest. The Huskies came out swinging, and they didn't stop until the final whistle blew.
Quarterback Paul Tyson threw for 329 yards and five touchdowns while completing 27 out of 35 passes. The offensive line's performance not only helped Tyson put on a show, but also the team's running backs. A host of Husky running backs ran the ball 50 times for 228 yards and two rushing touchdowns.
“Our offensive line set the tone early. We won the battle up front. That's huge,” Coach Josh Floyd said after the game.
Turnovers played a large role in the game. The Husky defense forced two fumbles and intercepted a pass. After all three of these turnovers, the offense marched down the field and scored touchdowns.
The Patriots' rushing attack put up 242 yards on just 29 attempts, an average of 8.3 yards per carry. Quarterback Caden Rose put up 130 yards and three touchdowns on nine attempts, including one 79-yard sprint to the house early in the first half.
Going into the game, Hewitt was ranked one in the region and Bob Jones was number two. Hewitt moves to 6-0 on the season, 4-0 in Region 4, and Bob Jones falls to 5-3, 3-1 in Region 4.
Democrat Rep Hakeem Jeffries: ‘Every Racist in America Voted for Donald Trump' [VIDEO]
Liberals and Democrats in general will tell you that it's not okay to generalize and make blanket statements about people because of some “-ism” or another. Of course, they say this in the same breath where they call people “racists” if they don't support a black actor/President/Congressman/human.
Democratic Representative from New York Hakeem Jeffries stated that “every racist in America voted for Donald Trump,” which is extremely hurtful to the black and Latino Trump voters who were told by liberals that they can't be racist due to the color of their skin.
You're sending mixed signals, Jeffries.
During his speech, Jeffries made it very clear that he thinks all of the bad things (real and imaginary) that are happening in the United States today are because of Trump, Republicans and anything that he doesn't agree with.
“Since January 20th, we've seen a disturbing increase here in America in anti-immigrant, anti-Muslim, anti-black, anti-LGBT and anti-Semitic acts,” he claimed. “And the question is, is this just a coincidence, or could it possibly have something to do with the election of the 45th president of the United States of America? Now, in part, what we're seeing is connected to a historic backlash that has often occurred throughout this journey that we've been on here in America, that whenever we make significant progress, there's always a backlash amongst some in America who've got a problem with the fact that we've done things designed to be more consistent with our values of liberty and justice for all, equal protection under the law.”
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
But it gets better. After listing some historical examples, he goes on to laud President Barack Obama for being President while black.
“And then, of course, we've got Barack Obama, who was elected in what many of us viewed as an incredible step in the right direction, African-Americans having gone from the outhouse to the White House,” Jeffries stated. “Eight years of tremendous progress in moving this country forward, followed by the election of Donald Trump, a man who spent five years perpetrating the racist lie that Barack Obama was not born in the United States of America. And many of us are wondering, why were so many people who worship at the altar of white supremacy drawn to Donald Trump's campaign? What was it about this individual that so many folks dripping in hatred flocked to his candidacy? That's not to say that every American who voted for Donald Trump is a racist. We do know that every racist in America voted for Donald Trump. that's a problem.”
Watch the video below:
I could point out that the most hateful, racist organization ever created in the United States was done so by Democrats and the most popular “women's health clinic,” Planned Parenthood, was founded by a racist eugenicist who saw blacks as inferior and in need of culling.
But that's low-hanging fruit.
BERLIN — A fire alarm inside a railway tunnel being built under the Austrian Alps prompted workers briefly to take shelter in an underground safety area Monday, a project manager said.
Eighteen people were working on a tunnel-boring machine inside the Brenner tunnel construction site when the alarm went off, said Konrad Bergmeister, the Austrian CEO of project management company BBT SE. It turned out to be a false alarm, he said.
He said a smoke sensor set off the alarm, prompting people to take shelter in a safety container, but workers quickly determined there was no fire or smoke. Electricians were working to determine the cause of the alarm.
Officials had earlier said the tunnel-boring machine had apparently caught fire or at least emitted smoke inside the tunnel.
The Brenner tunnel aims to link the Austrian city of Innsbruck and central Europe with northern Italy.
The Brenner Base Tunnel project, the main part of which is a 55-kilometre (34-mile) connection between Innsbruck and Fortezza in northern Italy, is supposed to be completed in the mid-2020s. It will consist of two single-track tunnels as well as a third tunnel that will eventually help with drainage.
David Ospina has urged Arsenal to "take responsibility" and ensure they take a positive result back to Emirates Stadium in their Champions League last-16 tie with Bayern Munich.
The Gunners have failed to go beyond this stage in the past six seasons, twice being eliminated by Bayern.
Arsenal have seen another Premier League title bid falter in recent weeks, which has placed more emphasis on gaining a result at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday.
Goalkeeper Ospina, who will play in place of Petr Cech in Munich, recognises the challenge Arsenal face but is confident they have the quality to end their recent poor knockout-stage record.
"We know how important the game is," he told The Evening Standard.
"We're up against one of the best teams in the world - they have some great players. We have to do our job.
"We have a great team full of fantastic players and we hope to perform well.
"Every match is different, so we just want to play our game and focus on bringing a good result back to our stadium.
"We want to perform well, take responsibility and secure a positive result."
COLLEGE STATION, Texas — Texas A&M is back to playing the way it did in earning a high ranking prior to league action, and that should earn the attention of the rest of the Southeastern Conference.
“They've got their team back together,” South Carolina coach Frank Martin said of the suddenly-surging Aggies. “There's a reason why they were top five in the country.”
A&M junior guard Admon Gilder scored 15 points and the Aggies dominated South Carolina from the start, winning 83-60 on Saturday in Reed Arena. The Aggies (15-8, 4-6 Southeastern Conference) led 49-27 at half, in shooting 63 per cent (17 of 27) from the field in the first 20 minutes. The Gamecocks (13-10, 4-6) shot 21.1 per cent (8 of 38) in the same span, as A&M blasted to the 22-point lead. A&M finished 29 of 55 from the field, good for 53 per cent.
“It makes a big difference when you've got guys who are healthy,” said A&M coach Billy Kennedy, whose team was wrought with injuries and suspensions late in nonconference play and early in SEC action. “Especially when you're playing against a physical team like South Carolina.”
A&M has won its last two games against Arkansas and South Carolina by a combined 37 points. Justin Minaya scored 16 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead the Gamecocks.
A&M sophomore forward Robert Williams collected a season-high five blocks, to go with 11 points, and the Aggies' 11 total blocks were one shy of the team record.
“It's just hustle,” Williams said of his team-high 47 blocks this season. “I know my team is depending on me to get my blocks, and make those plays.”
A&M dominated South Carolina in points in the paint (40 to 18) and on the fast break (17-4).
“We were in attack mode from the beginning of the game,” Kennedy said. “That was a big key.”
The Aggies won their second straight game and fourth consecutive home game in inching back to respectability in the SEC.
BIG PICTURE
South Carolina: The Gamecocks looked a long way from their Final Four appearance of last season in the blowout loss. South Carolina entered the game at .500 on the road in SEC contests, but wasn't in this one from the start. The Gamecocks are trying to make the NCAA Tournament in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1997-98.
Texas A&M: The Aggies looked like the team that had risen to No. 5 nationally leading into SEC play, before they lost their first five league games because of the injuries and suspensions. Performances like the one on Saturday, despite A&M still owning a losing record in SEC action, are why analysts like ESPN's Joe Lunardi project A&M in the NCAA Tournament as a 10th seed as of this week.
STAT OF THE DAY
Frank Martin's teams are known for their aggressiveness on defence, but it was A&M with the hustle on Saturday in nearly tripling South Carolina in steals (11 to 4).
HIGHLIGHT REEL
Robert Williams swatted a Justin Minaya 3-point attempt into the crowd with 6:50 remaining in the first half, and Williams was so thrilled by the block he joined the crowd in clapping.
THROWBACK
The Aggies wore replica jerseys from the 1969 Southwest Conference champions, of course it was the throwback to the most recent holidays with the team's high-revving performance that most intrigued the more than 10,000 fans on hand.
GOOD CAUSE
Both teams wore shirts during warm-ups advocating autism awareness. A&M strength coach Darby Rich's six-year-old son, Case, is autistic and considers the A&M players like older brothers.
HE SAID IT
“We had no resolve to fight their talent. They took it to us, simple as that.” — Frank Martin on the Aggies.
UP NEXT
South Carolina: The Gamecocks are on the road for a second straight time when they play at Arkansas on Tuesday.
Texas A&M: Following consecutive home games, the Aggies' schedule strengthens in a hurry with a game at league-leading and No. 11 Auburn on Wednesday.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – Boardman edged Warren Harding, 28-21, Friday despite the Raiders coming back from a 15-point deficit.
Jerome Wilson returned a punt 75 yards for a touchdown to give Harding the early lead.
Domonhic Jennings then scored on a 2-yard run, while Mike O'Horo's 1-yard TD run made it 14-6 Boardman.
O'Horo added an 8-yard TD run in the third to make it 21-6.
Harding cut it to 21-13 when Geivonni Washington scored on a 6-yard TD run. His 13-yard TD run to follow tied the game at 21 after the 2-point conversion.
Boardman then scored a late TD with just 33 seconds left to escape with the win.
Read more: Week seven high school football stories
Boardman football schedule | Warren Harding football schedule
Important high school football links:
Scores | Standings | Schedules | Big 22
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." -- Will Rogers
With the housing bust still fresh in so many people's memories. many people are cautious when it comes to owning a home.
Still lots of people are jumping back into the home-buying game.
But seeking and finding are two different things.
But there are lots of questions people want answers to.
A typical question might be “is a house that's $110,000 too much for a person making $34,000 a year if you have $10,000 saved for closing costs and down payment?”
Thinking about how much you can afford is not that difficult to do. You start by using any number of free online calculators such as one on Zillow.com.
To answer the above example put in the income of $34 thousand, and the down payment of $10 thousand. The result, if the buyer has no other debts, is they can afford a $158,000 house.
Now that sounds good. But remember, it all depends on the buyer having perfect credit and no other debts. It's also the absolute maximum they should pay.
The more house you buy, the more you have to furnish, clean, maintain, heat and air condition.
Don't buy what you can afford, buy what you can comfortably afford. And never base your budget solely on what some calculator or real estate agent tells you to spend.
Priced out of the market? Then consider other options. For example, you can lease a house with an option to buy it. You could save up a bigger down payment. You could buy a fix-up. You could go in with friends. Bottom line is, when it comes to real estate, you can substitute imagination for money.
So if you want to know how much home you can afford, start with a calculator, but don't end there.
If you want to learn more about the right way to buy a house, go to moneytalksnews.com and do a search for "real estate."
© 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved.
MARYSVILLE, Ohio — The Ohio Cattlemen's Association (OCA) will hold its 6th annual Replacement Female Sale Nov. 23, at 6 p.m., at the Muskingum Livestock facility in Zanesville.
The sale provides an opportunity for both buyers and sellers to meet the need for quality replacements in the state.
Consignments
Consignments may include cow-calf pairs, bred cows and bred heifers.
Females must be under the age of 5 as of Jan. 1, 2019, and may be of registered or commercial background.
Bred females must be bred to a bull with known EPD's and calves at side of cows must be sired by a bull with known EPD's.
Pregnancy status must be verified by an accredited veterinarian through traditional palpation, ultrasound or by blood testing through a professional laboratory.
Analysis must be performed within 60 days of sale. Consignments will also be fulfilling specific health requirements.
2017 sale
At the 2017 sale, 79 lots of bred heifers, bred cows, and cow-calf pairs were sold. The sale included 63 lots of bred heifers that averaged $1,949, 10 lots of bred cows that averaged $2,380, and six cow-calf pairs that averaged $1,925.
The total lots grossed $158,125 for an overall average of $2,002. This represented a $355 per head increase in price over the 2016 sale. Prices ranged from $1,300 to $2,900.
Market your cattle
Evaluate your herd and consider marketing decisions for the fall.
Young, high-quality cattle backed by solid genetics are in demand. Yearling heifers bred artificially to proven calving ease sires are very marketable.
A shorter breeding season that results in a tighter calving window has also proven to be popular with potential buyers.
Evaluate the body condition of potential sale animals and make nutritional adjustments to the animal's diet. A body condition score in the 5-6 range on a 9-point scale at sale time is a good goal.
Details
Consignments for the sale are due to the Ohio Cattlemen's Association by Oct. 1. Call the Ohio Cattlemen's Association at 614-873-6736 or visit ohiocattle.org.
For questions about the sale, contact John Grimes at 740-289-2071, ext. 242 or grimes.1@osu.edu.
(WFLA/CNN) — Coffee fans around the world are sharing their excitement for this new caffeine fix on social media.
The British-based creators of CLR CFF say it's the first colorless coffee on the market.
According to the company, the coffee is made from Arabica coffee beans and pure water, and produced by “methods which have never been used before”.
It's unclear what those methods are and a full ingredient list was not released.
But, the company says the transparent coffee will do wonders for your teeth, as the dark color of other coffees tends to stain those pearly whites.
The coffee is available for purchase online, but it isn't cheap.
A two-pack will cost you about $7.50.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
AUBURN, Ala. — Bryce Brown and Mustapha Heron alternated taking over the game for Auburn.
Jared Harper kept feeding them the ball.
Brown scored 25 points, Heron had 23 and Harper dished out 14 assists to lead the hot-shooting 11th-ranked Tigers to a 93-81 win over Vanderbilt on Saturday night.
“It's a feeling type of thing,” Heron said. “I think we've got a team that everybody can heat it up. It doesn't really matter who it is.
“Tonight was just Bryce and my night. With Jared having 14 assists, it was just that type of night.”
It was almost as if Heron and Brown were trying to one-up each other for Auburn (21-2, 9-1 Southeastern Conference) in the second half against the last-place Commodores (8-15, 2-8). Heron scored 13 straight Auburn points, including three 3-pointers. Then Brown promptly topped that with a 15-point run that also included a trio of 3s, one of which he turned into a four-point play.
He made another one despite being fouled, though he missed the free throw.
“I think that just sucks the life out of defences,” Heron said. “That's what we tried to do on both ends of the floor, just suck the life out of them.”
Auburn made a season-high 17 3-pointers on 26 attempts to snap a 13-game losing streak against Vanderbilt.
“That's as good a shooting exhibition (as) I've seen,” Vandy coach Bryce Drew said, “That includes all my years in the NBA, too.”
Harper scored 14 points for Auburn, making three 3-pointers in the first nine minutes. He said that assist total matched his personal best from high school, and it was one shy of the school record.
“I thought Jared Harper was fun to watch out there,” Auburn coach Bruce Pearl said. “Had great command over his team. Got the ball to the hot hand.”
Chuma Okeke hit a pair of 3s and had 12 points.
Jeff Roberson led the Commodores with a career-high 30 points and made 5 of 9 from beyond the arc. Roberson also had 10 rebounds and four assists. Riley LaChance scored 13.
Auburn raced to a 22-point lead in the first half after making 7 of 11 3-pointers. The Commodores got back into it with their own outside shooting. Roberson and LaChance punctuated a quick 11-0 run with back-to-back 3s, and Vandy cut it all the way to down to seven.
Okeke then scooped up a loose ball and hit a 3 with 2 seconds left to give Auburn a 45-35 halftime lead.
BIG PICTURE
Vanderbilt: The Commodores kept fighting back but still fell to 0-9 against Top 25 teams this season. They were coming off an 83-81 overtime loss to No. 21 Kentucky.
Auburn: The SEC-leading Tigers are now two games ahead of No. 18 Tennessee and three ahead of Florida and Kentucky, which both lost. The Tigers haven't held sole possession of first this late since winning the regular-season conference title in 1998-99 and have won five straight.
HOT SHOOTING
Both teams hit more than half their shots. Vandy was 28 of 53 (52.8 per cent) and made 10 of 19 3s. The Tigers made 32 of 57 shots (56.1 per cent).
“Obviously your game plan is, don't let them shoot 3s,” Drew said. “But the problem is they're really, really fast and they have a really quick release.”
UP NEXT
Vanderbilt hosts Georgia on Wednesday night and has three of the next four at home.
Auburn hosts Texas A&M, winless in SEC road games, on Wednesday night.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
It's a one of a kind, world class art exhibit, and it will only be on display in Findlay this Summer.
The third year for the Enchanted Brush art exhibit hosted by the Mazza Museum at the University of Findlay is focusing on some of the most unforgettable characters in popular films and books, the villains.
The 20 artists, many of which are friends within the art industry, are given a theme every year with full artistic freedom to create a new piece specifically for this exhibit.
This year the artists, some with full time jobs working with Game of Thrones, Dreamworks, Magic the Gathering and Dungeons and Dragons picked their favorite villains to portray.
Many classic villains from literature like Maleficent, the Evil Queen from Snow White, and Rumpelstiltskin are shown along side modern film villains like Darth Maul and Scar from The Lion King.
Many of these works are bought by collectors immediately and will only be on display for this Summer run.
The hope is that many art enthusiasts and art newcomers in the area can see this one of a kind work here instead of traveling to a big city.
"These shows happen in major cities, especially on the east and west coasts. And I wanted to do something that was in a place like Ohio, that would bring the art here. And that would get the artists new exposure, but more importantly to introduce the general public to world class artists," said Dan Chudzinski, curator of the Mazza Museum and one of the exhibit artist.
The free exhibit runs until August 4 at the Mazza Museum.
It will then be on display at the Marathon Center for Performing Arts from August 9 until October 8.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
LOS ANGELES — Clayton Kershaw still hasn't figured out how to dominate in October. This time, he couldn't even keep the ball in the yard.
Justin Turner and the Los Angeles Dodgers made sure it hardly mattered in a strong post-season opener.
Turner homered and drove in five runs, Kershaw won despite giving up four homers and the Dodgers roared to a 9-5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night in their NL Division Series opener.
Turner hit a three-run homer and Yasiel Puig added an RBI double before Los Angeles made its first out against Arizona starter Taijuan Walker, who lasted just one inning in his playoff debut.
Turner added an RBI single in the fourth and another in the eighth. The red-bearded slugger tied a Dodgers record for most RBIs in a post-season game, sharing it with Pedro Guerrero and Davey Lopes.
A.J. Pollock, J.D. Martinez, Ketel Marte and Jeff Mathis homered off Kershaw, but Arizona's euphoria from its wild-card victory over Colorado was erased during a rough first inning in Chavez Ravine.
Game 2 is Saturday night, with Rich Hill facing Robbie Ray and the Diamondbacks in a matchup of left-handers.
Puig and Corey Seager both tripled and drove in two runs for the 104-win Dodgers, who beat their NL West rivals comfortably even while Kershaw added another weird chapter to his unimpressive playoff history.
The three-time Cy Young Award winner gave up only four hits in 6 1/3 innings, but still became the first pitcher in team history to yield four homers in a post-season game. He earned a playoff victory at Dodger Stadium for the first time in his career.
“He went and attacked,” Turner said. “He's probably not going to be happy with it, but you give up four solo home runs with a lead like that, we'll take that any day.”
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match his regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. He struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned his fifth victory in 15 post-season starts thanks to teammates who gave him a big cushion.
After leading the majors in wins and earning their fifth consecutive NL West crown, the Dodgers got off to an impressive offensive start in the latest pursuit of their first World Series trip since their 1988 championship. Los Angeles' first five batters reached base, punctuated by Turner's shot and Puig's line-drive double scoring rookie Cody Bellinger.
“Felt great to get Kersh a three-run lead in the first,” Turner said.
Arizona ended a five-year playoff absence Wednesday with a rollicking 11-8 victory over Colorado. Manager Torey Lovullo described that wild-card game as “one of the most emotional days I've had in my career,” but that tough game bit the Diamondbacks in Los Angeles when Walker needed 48 pitches to get out of the first inning.
Robbie Ray was supposed to start this series opener, but was pressed into relief against the Rockies when ace Zack Greinke faltered — and Walker couldn't come through in his place.
Zack Godley pitched five innings of relief, but Turner, Puig and Seager added RBIs in the fourth for a 7-1 lead.
Pollock made his post-season debut with two extra-base hits in the wild-card game, and he added a homer in the third inning for Arizona's first hit off Kershaw.
With back-to-back shots by Marte and Mathis in the seventh, Kershaw got chased and became just the eighth pitcher in major league history to give up four homers in a playoff game.
Seager added an RBI triple in the eighth, and Turner drove him home.
The Diamondbacks beat their division rivals six straight times down the stretch, and were one of two teams with a winning record against Los Angeles this season.
UP NEXT
Hill (12-8) allowed opponents to bat .203 in his first full Dodgers season, showing off veteran guile and pitch versatility while battling blisters. Ray is 3-0 with a 2.27 ERA in five starts against the Dodgers this season.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New Addington schoolchildren have professionally recorded a song they have sung at the tram crash memorial service last month – and it could be available to buy online by the end of this year.
Around 60 pupils from Fairchildes Primary School and Meridian High School, both on Fairchildes Avenue, recorded their version of 'Somewhere Only We Know' by Keane on Monday (December 11).
It comes after the two schools performed the song at the memorial service on November 9 earlier this year as a tribute to the seven victims who died in the derailment.
Some of those who watched the incredible display called for the song to be released on iTunes.
The Advertiser was then contacted by Chris Ransom, who owns Baltar Media, a music studio within Scream Studios, on South End, who said he wanted to help.
Keane's management team and Universal Music Publishing, who own the copyright of the song, then gave the schools permission to record and sell the song, with only a small admin fee needing to be paid.
The children, along with Jo Hussey, head of school at Fairchildes Primary School and the teacher who organised and produced the performance, conducted countless takes for four hours at the studio on Monday.
Mr Ransom will now piece the song together, ready for release.
(Image: Sam Truelove)
Ms Hussey told the Advertiser that she cannot quite believe how much support the schools have had since the original performance last month.
She said: “We thought that we were just going down to the parade that day to sing our piece, to do our bit for the community, to be respectful to the tram crash victims and didn't think for a minute that we would end up here.
“People obviously suggested it, but we didn't actually think we would get a studio and a producer. I can't wait to hear it and it's such an experience for the children.
(Image: Sam Truelove)
“There was one child who had been to a recording studio with her mother but none of the others have ever been to a recording studio before so that's a good thing in itself. Even I've never been to a recording studio before.
“It's exciting and it's been a great experience but obviously we are still thinking about what it's about and want people to buy it so we can make some money for charity.”
Mr Ransom, 30, who lives in Redhill but has been based in Croydon for 14 years, is hoping to produce the song by the end of next week and called it “exciting”.
“It's what we wanted and this is why I got in touch,” he said.
(Image: Sam Truelove)
“It's really great and exciting to see the kids enjoy themselves and even the teachers all seem quite excited. Also, these people don't even know this place exists, that this music studio is around here, so it's good.
“Also, these guys can actually sing so I think it will be nice for them to get something down which they can look back on and be proud of as well as it being for charity.
“It should hopefully be released by the end of the year – fingers crossed.”
(Image: Grant Melton)
The moving performance is opened by solo singers Charley Brown and Courtney Turner, before the choir start singing around 40 seconds in.
Courtney Turner, 16, told the Advertiser she was “privileged” to be a part of the choir.
She said: “I'm very privileged to be able to be a part of this for the community. It's been really exciting to see it progress into this.
“We thought it was just going to be one performance for the community but it has now progressed into this and it's really exciting. To help the community I am very proud.”
(Image: Grant Melton)
Kyle Taylor, another member of the choir, admitted he was still sad about the tram derailment last year.
He said: “I am kind of excited and nervous as obviously it's going on iTunes so millions of people are buying it and are going to listen to it.
“It's sad what happened at the tram crash and it's inspiring that young people are actually singing for the memorial.”
Lierge Kpangni and twin sister Grace are also singing in the choir and the pair are both excited and nervous at the prospect of releasing a song on iTunes.
(Image: Sam Truelove)
Grace added: “I was excited and nervous at the same time at first but Mrs Hussey said we were doing this for the many people who lost their lives and their relatives.
“I decided I am helping others and am I making them feel better and we are helping them as a community.”
The song will be released on iTunes in the coming weeks, with all proceeds going to the tram crash fund. It is hoped it could be released on CD after too.
MIAMI (AP) — Giancarlo Stanton hit his team-record 43rd home run, connecting in his fifth straight game and sending the Miami Marlins over the San Francisco Giants 8-3 on Monday night.
Stanton broke the club mark of 42 homers set by Gary Sheffield in 1996. Stanton has homered 22 times in his last 34 games.
Stanton set another team record for most consecutive games with a home run when tagged Ty Blach (8-8) for a two-run drive in the first inning. The All-Star slugger later had an RBI single as Miami won its fourth in a row.
Marcell Ozuna also homered for the Marlins. Dee Gordon had three hits, scored twice, and drove in a run to help back Adam Conley (5-5), who allowed three runs in 6 1-3 innings.
Denard Span's two-run double tied the game in the third and Hunter Pence's single put the Giants on top 3-2. Christian Yelich tied it with an RBI single in the bottom half.
Gordon and Stanton hit back-to-back RBI singles in the fourth. Ozuna hit a solo home run, his 27th, in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: 2B Joe Panik was hit in the head during the second game of Sunday's doubleheader at Washington and did not play. "He's doing well," manager Bruce Bochy said. "He's doing just fine. He was going to get the day off anyway playing both games, all three games there in one day. We'll see in another 24 hours to make sure he is OK. Looks good right now."
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (arm) has a one-inning simulated game scheduled for Tuesday. . SS JT Riddle (left shoulder) had labrum surgery last week and has been ruled out for six months.
UP NEXT
Giants: LHP Madison Bumgarner (2-5, 2.71 ERA) will start the second game of the series with RHP Matt Cain (3-9, 5.22) getting the start on Wednesday. Bumgarner is 1-3 with a 4.50 ERA in six starts against the Marlins.
Marlins: RHP Dan Straily (7-8, 3.74) will take the mound looking for his first win since July 7, a span of six starts. Straily is 0-4 with a 5.17 ERA during the span.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Eminem for the PBS crowd? Why not. As long as this nudges us forward to a world where the P-Pals do “Purple Pills,” we're happy to be along for the ride. Ladies, please don't fight. P-Pals are here all night!
Aardvark doofus and fist clencher extraordinaire Arthur embraces his inner Em (but not his Slim Shady) in this tidy lil' mashup combining the animated kids series with the rapper's post-drugs ballad. Stitched together by Mylo the Cat, Arthur spits out NSFW lines and powers through that “feed it beans” chunklet like a trooper with twenty years of TV experience. Funzos for all! Are there wardrobe charges in this thing? You better believe it, Buster. Leather jackets, trench coats and trademark eyewear all weasel (aardvark?) their way into the mix with winning results.
Clocking in at roughly 90 seconds, this interpretation of “Not Afraid” chugs along efficiently without wearing out its welcome or ending with Arthur threatening to decapitate Clifford. Sensible approach. (Chance The Rapper would approve.) There's a strong possibility that this clip will double as an unlikely soundtrack for some panicky New Year's resolution sit-ups, so we wish you the bellyfire of Arthur in 2017. Just don't make us get out of bed.
Ekiti Governorship Poll: APC Inaugurates Screening, Appeal Committees
The Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday inaugurated the Party's screening and appeal committees for aspirants contesting the May 5 primary election to elect the Party's flagbearer for the 2018 Ekiti governorship election. The Party's National Organising Secretary, Sen. Osita Izunaso who inaugurated the committees said the screenings were mandatory for all aspirants. He charged […]
The post Ekiti Governorship Poll: APC Inaugurates Screening, Appeal Committees appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Meek Mill Freed After Uproar Over Harsh Term
Rapper Meek Mill won freedom from prison Tuesday after an unusually harsh sentence triggered protests that pointed to racial biases in US probation laws.
The 30-year-old Philadelphia rapper, who was jailed in November over a case from his teenage years, was ordered out on bail by Pennsylvania's Supreme Court.
As he walked at least temporarily free, Mill thanked supporters who campaigned for him as well as the Philadelphia district attorney's office that sided with him.
Read More: Judge Who Sentenced Meek Mill Refuses To Change Stance
“I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Mill wrote on Twitter.
“In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career,” said Mill, whose last album “Wins and Losses” reached number three on the US chart.
Mill, raised by a single mother after his father was killed, was thrown into jail over his arrest on drug and gun possession charges in 2008, well before the rapper born as Robert Rihmeek Williams achieved stardom.
At what had looked like a routine hearing, Philadelphia judge Genece Brinkley handed Mill a term of between two and four years for violating terms of parole, including scheduling shows that conflicted with the court schedule and entering a publicized scuffle in St. Louis.
Ordering Mill out on bail, the state's Supreme Court cited “credibility issues” over a police officer who was a witness.
Mill has said he was badly beaten during the 2008 arrest and placed a bloody mugshot of himself as the cover of his “DC4” mixtape.
The Supreme Court did not throw out the case but asked the local court to reach a resolution within 60 days. It also did not remove Brinkley but noted she “may opt to remove herself from presiding over this matter.”
In addition to street rallies, Mill enjoyed the support of celebrities including hip-hop mogul Jay-Z, whose Roc Nation management signed Mill.
In an op-ed last year for The New York Times, Jay-Z said that Mill's case was “just one example of how our criminal justice system entraps and harasses hundreds of thousands of black people every day.”
Probation, which dates from English common law, was initially seen as a compassionate way for courts to grant freedom to people who pose little risk.
But a survey by The Marshall Project, a non-profit news organization that covers the US judicial system, found that at least 61,250 people — and probably far more — are in prison across the United States for minor parole violations like missing appointments, failing drug tests or staying out past curfew.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Donald Trump Jr., then-candidate Donald Trump and others in the Trump organization received the email on Sept. 14, 2016.
Donald Trump Jr., then-candidate Donald Trump and others in the Trump organization received the email on Sept. 14, 2016.
Betsy Rutenberg Davis lives in California but grew up in Gadsden, AL, the hometown of judge Roy Moore, and is friends with Leigh Corfman, the woman who said Moore sexually assaulted her when she was 14.
Betsy Rutenberg Davis lives in California but grew up in Gadsden, AL, the hometown of judge Roy Moore, and is friends with Leigh Corfman, the woman who said Moore sexually assaulted her when she was 14.
In the EPA's strategic plan, “climate change resilience” is gone, along with links on how to adapt to climate change. Administrators posted the site is being updated “to reflect EPA's priorities under the leadership of President Trump.”
In the EPA's strategic plan, “climate change resilience” is gone, along with links on how to adapt to climate change. Administrators posted the site is being updated “to reflect EPA's priorities under the leadership of President Trump.”
Wounded by allegations of sexual misconduct with teens, Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore has largely disappeared from the traditional campaign trail in the race for U.S. Senate, relying on surrogates and social media.
Wounded by allegations of sexual misconduct with teens, Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore has largely disappeared from the traditional campaign trail in the race for U.S. Senate, relying on surrogates and...
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown, among other issues.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown, among other issues.
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, resigns from the Republican National Committee because of the RNC's financial support of Moore in Alabama Senate race.
Joyce Simmons, the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska, resigns from the Republican National Committee because of the RNC's financial support of Moore in Alabama Senate race.
(AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File). In this June 21, 2016, file photo, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., listens at a U.S. monetary policy meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington.
(AP Photo/Brynn Anderson, File). In this Dec. 5, 2017, photo, former Alabama Chief Justice and U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks at a campaign rally, in Fairhope Ala.
By JAY REEVES
Associated Press
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - Facing voters at last after the year's most bitter U.S. campaign, Alabama Republican Roy Moore cast himself Monday as the victim of a national barrage of unjust allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers. Rival Doug Jones, hoping to become the state's first Democratic senator in two decades, declared their race was Alabama's referendum on "who we are and what we're going to tell our daughters."
Allegations aside, President Donald Trump said in a robocall to Alabama voters that he badly needs Moore's own vote in the U.S. Senate. Former President Barack Obama and his vice president, Joe Biden, recorded calls for Jones seeking to break the GOP's lock on statewide office in Alabama.
Whether the calls would sway anyone so late in such a highly publicized campaign was an open question. So was the impact of a rash of false news stories that have appeared on social media spreading misinformation.
One website wrongly claimed that one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. Meanwhile, Moore's detractors took to social media to claim he had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office. He didn't.
On election eve, Moore called in to a conservative talk radio show in Alabama to lament the tone of the campaign and portray cast himself as the victim of the sexual misconduct allegations.
"We've seen things happen in this campaign that I can't believe to this day," said Moore, who has denied all wrongdoing in contacts with the women who said he behaved inappropriately when they were in their teens and he was a local prosecutor in his 30s. One said he initiated sexual contact when she was 14.
"It's just been hard, a hard campaign," said Moore, a former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice who was twice removed from that post for violating judicial ethics.
Alabama has been a solidly Republican state for years, and Moore says he is much more in tune with the issues that matter to voters - and to the president.
Jones acknowledged Monday in Montgomery, "Look, I'm not going to be the senator that everybody in the state can agree with 100 percent of the time." But he added, "They'll know I'm somebody that will sit down with them. I will learn from them. ... I will try to be the public servant I think a U.S. senator ought to be."
Voters seemed as divided as ever, including young Alabamians, some going to the polls for the first time.
Lillian Woolf, 18, a University of Alabama freshman, said she was disgusted that some people would vote for Moore despite the allegations by multiple women.
"It creeps me out," she said. "It shocks me just how much people are willing to ignore a person's past just because of their political stance."
But Joseph Chesnut, 20, a junior, said he will be voting for Moore, who "holds more Republican values ... just his Christianity standpoint and his Second Amendment standpoint and just, you know, trying to fight the establishment up there."
For Alabama Democrats, the special election is viewed as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation.
Many Republicans see the vote as an opportunity to ratify their conservative views - referred to by Moore as "Alabama values" - and protect Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections. But the sexual allegations have dented some of that support. Sen. Richard Shelby said "I think the Republican Party can do better," and he wrote in another Republican's name.
The two candidates have taken very different approaches to campaigning, with Jones holding events regularly and Moore popping up only occasionally in small churches, rallies or in interviews with friendly media.
In a morning stop at a diner in Birmingham, Jones accused Moore of disappearing during the campaign's closing days and claimed the Republican wasn't even in Alabama over the weekend.
"We're making sure our message is getting across while Roy Moore hides behind whoever he's hiding behind," said Jones.
Moore has made only a few public appearances since women came forward to accuse him of sexual misconduct years ago.
Moore, the former judge, has spent two decades advocating conservative Christian positions. Jones is a former federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in a 1963 church bombing.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
Democrats don't hold a single statewide office in Alabama, and both houses of the Legislature are controlled by the GOP.
___
AP writers Kim Chandler and Bill Barrow contributed from Montgomery, Alabama, Emily Wagster Pettus from Tuscaloosa.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Live stream of special AWS IoT event held at AWS Pop Up Loft, San Francisco featuring AWS executives, customers, and partners as they bring you the latest in AWS IoT technologies. At this special event, we announced the general availability for AWS Greengrass, which is a software that lets you run local compute, messaging, data caching, and synch capabilities for connected devices in a secure way.
Learn more at AWS Greengrass homepage – http://amzn.to/2s3FCBF.
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Here at Devolutions, you could say that we're kind of obsessed with the future. For example, before we launch a new product or update, we're already thinking about the next version…and sometimes even the one after that!
But while we're always looking ahead, we have some valued traditions too. One of them is to pause at the end of the year and reflect on the developments of the last 12 months. And so to carry on with this happy tradition, it's my pleasure to be your personal guide on our Devolutions 2016 Year in Review!
Before breaking things down month-by-month, I'd like to start by saying that this year has been exciting and full of growth here at Devolutions. A major reason for this has been the expansion of our amazing team. We've grown from 35 team members at the start of the year to 55 right now – and we'll be welcoming even more colleagues in the weeks and months to come (and you'll meet them all, I promise!).
Read the entire article here, Devolutions 2016 Year in Review – Part 1
via Devolutions, the Remote Desktop Manager guys
If your kids feel they are destined for the stage, then check out the Summer Theatre Academy at Backdoor Theatre.
Session 1 is for ages 7-10, it is from June 19th-July 18th. 8:30 am-12:30 pm. Two performances on July 8th.
Session 2 is for ages 10-14, it is from July 17th-August 5th. 8:30 am-12:30 pm.
Two performances on August 5th and a special performance on August 6th.
The cost is $180 per person.
For more information on how to register click here.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson has declared that nobody should be surprised that the Eagles are still the Premier League's bottom placed club.
The Selhurst side were given a brief respite from 20th place after their nil-nil draw with West Brom in game week 15 — but wins for West Ham United and Swansea City this weekend saw Palace make a swift return.
The former England boss gave an honest assessment.
He said: "We've been bottom of the table for the last 15 out of 16 games. We started the season with no points, no goals and 19 goals against after seven games.
"The fact we're still bottom of the table shouldn't really be a major surprise to anybody.
"Am I surprised that the fans are worried about going down? Not really, I don't think we're alone in that respect.
"I think there are quite a few clubs where the fans are worried about going down and maybe that's made pretty obvious by the fact that four of the clubs near the bottom of the table have changed their manger already.
"We will get on with the job we have to do and we will do the best we can every week to try and get the points we need.
"Had we been able to do as well in the first seven games as we've done in the last nine games we wouldn't be at the bottom of the table.
"I know that our fans, because I'm at the games, I listen to them and I can see the support we get, I know they appreciate that."
The Eagles face Watford on Tuesday night and Hodgson admitted the game was a must-win.
The 70-year-old said: "Well that's been the way it's been since I've got here so yes I feel like that will certainly be the case against Watford and it will be the same for West Brom in the last game of the season.
"Must-win, I don't understand must-win.
"I understand that every team that's in a situation where they need the points for one reason or they need a result.
"It's easy enough to say this is a must-win game but as a manger or a coach I don't know how you turn must-wins into wins."
OKLAHOMA CITY — A poised and productive Ricky Rubio has been smiling and laughing, masterfully running Utah's offence in his matchup with Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook.
Meanwhile, the reigning league MVP has been scowling, shoving, fouling, complaining and most of all — losing.
It's fair to say Rubio has been more effective for the Jazz.
The Rubio-Westbrook matchup mirrors what is happening throughout the NBA playoffs: The team that gets the best point guard play usually wins.
Rubio's all-around success has the Jazz on the brink of advancing. Utah has a 3-1 lead on the Thunder and can finish the series Wednesday night in Oklahoma City.
He summed up his play after Game 2, saying “I did my job, looking for my teammates, and looking for my shot too when it was open. I just took what the game gave me and watched film and got better and we played as a team.”
Maybe it is just that simple.
Rubio is averaging 18.5 points, 7.8 rebounds and 8 assists per game against Oklahoma City, all well above his regular season numbers. The 27-year-old is in the first playoff series of his seven-year career, yet he is playing like a seasoned veteran.
Westbrook and the Thunder have tried to throw Rubio off his game, maybe to a fault.
Westbrook has lost his focus at times. He is averaging 21.3 points, 11.8 rebounds and 8.3 assists in the series, but he's shooting just 37 per cent from the field and 21 per cent from 3-point range.
Rubio went for a triple-double in a Game 3 victory , the first playoff triple-double for the franchise since John Stockton had one in 2001.
Westbrook said he'd shut down Rubio in Game 4.
His efforts backfired — Rubio got more of Westbrook's attention, and the Thunder weren't as effective helping on Donovan Mitchell and Rudy Gobert, Utah's two best players. Westbrook was overly aggressive and had four fouls at halftime. The Jazz rolled 113-96 .
Westbrook toned it down after the game.
“It wasn't about me or him,” he said. “Let's get past that. We're done with that.”
Looking around the playoffs, that's probably a good thing.
How goes a team's point guard, so goes the team.
New Orleans' Rajon Rondo and Philadelphia's Ben Simmons are among the point guards whose play has lifted their teams.
That has been true in the matchup between Toronto's Kyle Lowry and Washington's John Wall. In Toronto's two wins, Lowry averaged 10.5 assists, but 6.5 in two losses. Wall averaged 27.5 points and 14 assists as Washington won two games to even the series.
The 32-year-old Rondo appeared to be overmatched heading into the matchup with Portland's Damian Lillard but showed he is not past his prime.
Rondo averaged 11.3 points, 7.5 rebounds and 13.3 assists to help the New Orleans sweep the Trail Blazers. Lillard averaged just 18.5 points in the series, eight below his regular-season average, and shot just 35 per cent from the field.
Philadelphia's Simmons has averaged 19.3 points, 10.8 rebounds and 9.8 assists t help the 76ers take a 3-1 lead in their series against the Miami Heat. In Game 4, he had the first triple-double for a rookie in a playoff game since Magic Johnson in 1980.
Miami's Goran Dragic is playing well, too — he's averaging 19.5 points and shooting 49 per cent. But when Simmons has been special, the 76ers have won.
Milwaukee's Eric Bledsoe and Boston's Terry Rozier have gone back and forth on the court and in the media. Rozier dominated the first two games — both Boston wins — averaging 23 points on 47 per cent shooting while Bledsoe averaged 10.5 points and shot 36 per cent.
Bledsoe won the next two matchups, and so did the Bucks. Bledsoe averaged 13 points on 50 per cent shooting while Rozier averaged 9.5 points on 26 per cent shooting.
Rubio doesn't have to statistically out-perform Westbrook, who has averaged a triple-double the past two seasons. For Rubio, the key has been not trying to do too much. Just be the team's floor general.
On offence, he takes open shots and finds his teammates. On defence, he can take chances because the 7-foot-1 Gobert can erase most mistakes.
“That is our strength,” Rubio said. “Play as a team and get a win.”
One more Utah win and Oklahoma City's season is done.
——
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
——
Freelancer John Coon in Salt Lake City, Utah, contributed to this report.
——
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The one and a half million Catholic men, women and children of the Archdiocese of Newark – people who trace their roots to every continent of the world and represent every race and ethnicity – view with horror the recent events in Charlottesville and condemn the racism and vicious rhetoric that contributed to this tragic moment in our nation's history. We stand in prayer and solidarity with all people of good will and we witness to our Christian calling to “love your enemies…that you may be children of your heavenly Father.” (Mt. 5:44-45)
In the wake of her daughter's brutal death, the mother of Heather Heyer told reporters in Charlottesville that “hate cannot fix the world. Hate only creates more hate.” We join her in rejecting the brutality that killed her child, contributed to the deaths of two Virginia State Troopers and left dozens injured. While we denounce such violence, we also call for a thorough examination of racial bigotry and intolerance in the light of reason and love. “For everyone who does wicked things hates the light and does not come toward the light, so that his works might not be exposed” (Jn 3:20). Dark words and deeds must be met with light and love.
To view the Spanish version of Cardinal Tobin's statement, click here.
ATASCOCITA, Texas - A man was charged with murder in connection with the shooting death of a 14-year-old Harris County girl.
Anthony Valle, 43, is behind bars at Harris County jail four months after Layla Ramos' untimely death.
Investigators said the two were having an inappropriate relationship that involved drugs and sexual misconduct.
“She began threatening to expose him days before she was killed,” prosecutors said in court Tuesday.
Investigators said they found inconsistencies in Valle's story after they said he shot Ramos on July 20 inside his home in Humble on River Brook. They said Valle first claimed he thought Ramos was an intruder, shot her once and then the gun accidentally went off again when he tripped over her body.
“He (the medical examiner) found two close range within a foot shotgun wounds to the Layla's chest and to the front, left side of her neck. He advised the death would be classified as a homicide,” the prosecutor said.
Ramos' sister said she saw her get into Valle's car four to five hours before her death, according to prosecutors.
VIDEO: Family of young woman killed in northeast Harris County home speaks
Prosecutors said that according to phone records, Valle and Ramos were together the morning she died. Valle's phones also revealed other disturbing evidence.
“These cellphones show he enjoyed looking at simulated father-daughter pornography," prosecutors said.
On the day of Ramos' death, her mother and sister spoke about who Ramos was.
"My daughter. She was a baby. She was 14 years old. She was my daughter. She was doing so good,” said Alana Mock.
Prosecutors said Valle admitted to lying about a lot of things.
"He admitted to lying about how much he talked to her the day before, lying about how he helped her get drugs. He admitted to lying about kicking her out of his car in his neighborhood shortly before her death," prosecutors said. "He admitted to taking her back to his house that night. However, he says she left about one and a half hours before her death."
Valle maintains the shooting was an accident.
There was no record of Valle having a criminal history in Harris County.
His bond is set at $200,000.
Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up-to-date with the latest news while you're on the go.
Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news, sports, entertainment, contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Neymar and Giovani Lo Celso scored superb late goals as Paris Saint-Germain restored their 11-point lead at the top of Ligue 1 with a 3-0 victory at Lille on Saturday.
Marseille's 6-3 thumping of Metz on Friday had cut PSG's advantage, but Unai Emery's men - without Kylian Mbappe due to suspension - finished strongly to make sure of three points at Stade Pierre-Mauroy.
FULL TIME: PSG just too much for Lille as we take all three points from the Stade Pierre-Mauroy !! #LOSCPSG #AllezParis!! 🔴🔵 pic.twitter.com/lN1egU3xEE — PSG English (@PSG_English) February 3, 2018
Yuri Berchiche scored the opener in first-half stoppage time, the defender firing in a low drive, although Lille felt the goal should have been disallowed for an offside in the build-up.
Neymar effectively ended any hopes of a home fightback with 13 minutes to play, hammering a free-kick into the top-left corner from the edge of the penalty area for his 18th Ligue 1 goal of the season.
1 - Lassana Diarra has delivered one assist in his first game with Paris in Ligue 1, as many as in his 37 games in the top-flight with Marseille. Comeback. — OptaJean (@OptaJean) February 3, 2018
Yet PSG were not finished there, Lo Celso sending a glorious chip over the head of goalkeeper Mike Maignan from 20 yards to extend his team's unbeaten run against Lille to 15 games in all competitions.
PSG survived a second-half injury scare for captain Thiago Silva, ahead of their upcoming Champions League clash with Real Madrid, and the leaders have now won their last 19 league games in which they have scored first.
VERSAILLES – The Versailles baseball team beat Fort Loramie and Brookville in the Zac Richard Classic on Saturday in Versailles.
In the first game of the day Versailles squeaked out a 2-1 win over Fort Loramie. Versailles scored one run in the first and third innings while holding Loramie to a single run in the fifth inning.
Versailles had eight hits and two errors while Fort Loramie had three hits and no errors.
Kurtis Rutschilling led Versailles by going 1-for-2 with a home run, a run and two RBI. Cole Neikamp and Noah Richard both went 2-for-3. Kyle Subler was 1-for-2 with a walk, a stolen base and a run. Jacob Heitkamp was 1-for-2. Isaac Ruhenkamp went 1-for-3.
Elliot Bruns earned the win by pitching four scoreless innings, allowing two hits, walking three, hitting one batter and striking out one. Noah Richard went three innings and allowed one unearned run on one hit, two walks and one strikeout to earn the save.
Fort Loramie beat Brookville 10-4 in the second game then Versailles closed out the day with a 13-3 five-inning run rule victory over Brookville.
After Versailles scored two runs in the first inning, Brookville tied the game with two runs in the top half of the second. Versailles regained the lead for good with four runs in the bottom half of the inning. The day's scoring ended with Brookville scoring one run in the third inning and Versailles scoring seven runs in the third.
Versailles had five hits and one error, and Brookville had eight hits and three errors.
Ruhenkamp went 2-for-3 with a run and two RBI. Austin Knapke was 1-for-2 with two walks, two RBIs and a run. Noah Richard was 1-for-3 with a walk, a stolen base, a run and two RBI. Noah Grisez was 1-for-1 with two walks, a stolen base, a run and a RBI.
Rutschilling walked once, scored two runs and drove in three runs. Keaton McEdowney walked three hits and scored two runs. Subler walked twice and scored two runs. Niekamp walked, was hit by a pitch and scored a run. Jacob Heitkamp scored a run and drove in a run.
Knapke earned the win by pitching four innings, allowing two earned runs and one unearned run on eight hits, one walk, one hit batter and five strikeouts. Zach Griesdorn pitched one perfect inning in relief.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Versailles-logo-WEB-10.jpg
By Kyle Shaner [email protected]
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Dame Nganeko Minhinnick led environmental stewardship and kaitiakitanga in the Auckland and Waikato region. Her loss will be sorely felt amongst her people of Ngāti Te Ata and Waikato iwi.
Dame Nganeko was a formidable presence who spent her lifetime advocating for environmental issues. She spearheaded the Manukau claim which was heard in 1985 and challenged the effects of development on the health of the Manukau harbour.
Consequently Dame Nganeko was also a leader in achieving policy and legislative change that provided for Māori aspiration. The Manukau claim highlighted the lack of regard that the Town and Country Planning Act had for Māori concepts and values such as mauri and kaitiakitanga which have since become commonplace in modern environmental practices.
Some would attribute the strength of her advocacy to the inclusions of such concepts in the Resource Management Act.
She was a mother, a grandmother a matriarch for her whānau and people of Ngāti Te Ata, growing up for most of her life in Waiuku near the Manukau harbour and the Waikato River. Nganeko fought long and hard to see the protection and care of wāhi tapu impacted by Glenbrook Steel Mill.
In recent times Dame Nganeko had been invited to address several indigenous forums to share her perspectives, experience and encourage other indigenous groups to take a stand for social, cultural and environmental justice.
Dame Nganeko was supportive of the Kīngitanga and a recognised leader amongst the tribe. She is survived by several children, mokopuna and whānau who have grown under her mentorship.
Normally, you'd never allow it.
Holes in your yard? No way! Trenches near your garage? Nuh-uh, except in the spring, when you start thinking about hostas in those holes, tomatoes in the trenches, daisies in the divots. Oh, how you love a garden, and with "The Grumpy Gardener" by Steve Bender, you'll get a shovelful of ideas.
Larry, Mary, Geri, quite contrary, how does your garden grow? If you're frowning now, remember that even the most dedicated, experienced gardener has a dud now and then but there are ways to minimize that. Steve Bender has ideas.
The first thing you'll want to know is your zone, which is not at all new-agey. Growing zones are delineated areas that indicate average low winter temperatures; you'll need to know your zone to know where a plant might thrive or die.
On that last note, you'll find the "Grumpy" in "Grumpy Gardener." There are many garden and landscape plants that Bender wishes would just die. Here, find a list of the Five Most Awful Plants; reasons why you don't want a river birch, cottonwood, or weeping willow in your yard; and why you should never move next door to someone who adores bamboo.
If you hate critters in your garden, learn what bulbs they won't eat, what they like, and how to get rid of pests altogether. Read how to use a chainsaw the Grumpy way, and how to get your plants ready for winter. Find a way to love dandelions and know what not to plant if you have pets. Teach your teens to grow kale, then send them to college with plants that thrive on neglect. Scratch the surface on poison ivy mythology; see why sycamore trees are good if you're a kid; and learn why kudzu could become more than just a weed someday. Get useful lawn ideas, tips on fertilizer use, mulches to avoid, and organic methods to embrace.
Recommended Stories For You
And finally, relax: says Bender, a dying plant is God's way of telling you to try again…
Will silver bells or cockleshells grace your yard this year — or do you struggle to keep the lawn green? Either way, you can't help but laugh about it when you put "The Grumpy Gardener" between those greenish-brown thumbs.
And yet — don't be thinking this is all fun and geraniums. There's humor inside this book, but author Steve Bender is serious about gardening, planting, and caring for greenery. The advice you'll get is sound and useful, including sidebars in a Q-and-A format and chapters on things that may seem only barely garden-related until you need to know them. Also helpful is when Bender recommends alternatives — what to grow, for instance, if your Minnesota rhubarb hates Texas climate — and better ideas to make your garden glow.
Though much of this book is set in Zone 8 (the South), there's still plenty of advice and a few challenges for Northern, Central, and Western gardeners. If that's you and you're itching to plant, get "The Grumpy Gardener." You'll really dig it.
Terri Schlichenmeyer is the reviewer behind "The Bookworm Sez," a self-syndicated book review column published in more than 260 newspapers and magazines in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean. She can be reached for feedback, ideas and links to reviews of books on a broad range topics at http://www.bookwormsez.com.
“I'm the one pushing for it,” Ms. Chassagne said of the band's focus on Haiti, “and I'm pushing for it because it's the story of my parents, and the culture. Their culture is what made me who I am.”
Some in New Orleans say the same could be said for the city.
“There's this huge connection between the cultures that hasn't really been explored,” said Branden Lewis, 30, a trumpeter with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band. “My existence is testament to that fact, and I don't really know anything about Haiti.”
Mr. Lewis grew up in Southern California, but his family members are Louisiana Creoles who trace their roots to people of African descent who came to Louisiana from Haiti in the 19th century.
It is a common New Orleans story. In 1809 and 1810, the population of the city roughly doubled when more than 10,000 French speakers from the colony of St. Domingue — whites, slaves and free people of color — arrived from eastern Cuba, according to Ned Sublette, the author of the 2008 book “The World That Made New Orleans.” They had gone to Cuba from what is now Haiti amid the tumult of the Haitian revolution, but were subsequently expelled by the Spanish.
The new arrivals made a profound mark on New Orleans, influencing its legal profession, cuisine, journalism, politics and music. In the book, Mr. Sublette argues that they delayed the Americanization of the city “for perhaps two generations.”
But Americanization eventually won out, and the French language faded. And while family names familiar to any Haitian — Dumas, Toussaint, Barthelemy — remain common in New Orleans, the Haitian influence has become so prevalent, so deeply mixed into the city's complex cultural stew, that it can be difficult to pick out.
“Haiti definitely had an influence on New Orleans, but it's hard to see if you're not looking,” said Donald Link, a local chef who has been researching the city's culinary ties to the Caribbean world.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The idea of outsider rock stars making a mark on Mardi Gras has prompted some grumbling in a city that fiercely guards its cultural traditions. Mr. Lewis said some locals had criticized the Krewe du Kanaval as an act of cultural appropriation. It would not be the first time such charges have been made against Ms. Chassagne or her band, whose other members are white and which has come under fire before for adopting Haitian influences and iconography.
In 2016, they set off an intense online debate among New Orleanians when they joined with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band for a New Orleans-style parade for David Bowie, who died in January of that year.
Photo
“Shouldn't you have at least some tie to New Orleans to get a second line?” one commenter said, referring to the city's tradition of jazz funeral parades.
Mr. Butler shrugged off the complaints on a recent evening while sipping rum on his back porch with Ben Jaffe, Preservation Hall's creative director. Thousands turned out for the Bowie parade, Mr. Butler said. Thousands were moved.
“There's not even one part of me that's like, that was a bad idea — like, ‘Oh no, we've ruined New Orleans,'” he said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Jaffe, a New Orleans native, agreed, arguing that the city has always made room for respectful newcomers looking to make a mark on the culture. His parents, Allan and Sandra Jaffe, were music fans from Philadelphia who stumbled into New Orleans's traditional jazz scene while on their honeymoon in 1960. The next year, they opened Preservation Hall, playing a major role in the traditional jazz revival in the city.
“That was one of the reasons they came down here — to sort of absorb that thing that they were attracted to,” he said. “Isn't that what New Orleans has always been, though?”
Ms. Chassagne's attraction to the Caribbean world feels like an effort to reclaim a heritage that history tried to rob from her. Her parents fled, separately, from Haiti in the 1960s, amid the violence imposed by supporters of the Haitian dictator François Duvalier. Several of her mother's relatives were killed in a 1964 massacre in the town of Jérémie, and her mother, traumatized, never returned.
Ms. Chassagne would not visit the island until after the band became famous. She describes a Montreal childhood absorbing wisps of Haiti: her parents chatting in Creole, the way her mother danced in the kitchen, the Christmas parties with kompa music on the stereo.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A fair-skinned member of a family of many hues, Ms. Chassagne also remembers listening as darker-skinned relatives talked about the way white people would treat them.
Now, she and Mr. Butler stand out in other ways. New Orleans is still adapting to having the famous indie-rock couple in its midst: One city government official recalled seeing the pair on the street at Halloween, and mistaking them for local residents in really convincing Arcade Fire costumes.
In the past few days, Ms. Chassagne and Mr. Butler have been scrambling with last-minute details. They have corralled into their Carnival project Haitian-Americans including Leyla McCalla, an unclassifiable multi-instrumentalist who performs some songs in Creole, and Charly Pierre, a chef and a winner of the Food Network's “Chopped” contest, who will be providing some of the food.
The couple has also been reaching out to the Haitian immigrant community. On Jan. 11, Ms. Chassagne and Mr. Jaffe promoted the festivities on Radio Gonbo Kreyol, a New Orleans internet radio station that serves Creole speakers, as stories began to circulate that President Trump had crudely disparaged Haiti in a White House meeting.
The Census Bureau estimates that fewer than 500 people in metropolitan New Orleans claim Haitian ancestry, but Barthelemy Jolly, a Haitian native and vice president of the radio station, believes the Haitian immigrant community is thousands strong. Many of them are taxi drivers and hotel maids, he said, and they have tended, over the years, to keep a low profile.
But Mr. Trump's comments prompted scores of Haitians to march together at the Women's March on Jan. 20, which passed through the city's central business district and the French Quarter, bearing Haitian flags. Mr. Jolly said that he expected many more to come to the Krewe du Kanaval party.
“The Haitian community, they're going to be out there,” he said.
So the possibility looms of a party where second-line rhythms bleed into Haitian mizik rasin, where the vestiges of Caribbean roots mingle with the new.
If nothing else, it will probably be a good time, though Ms. Chassagne hopes it will be something more. “If we want things to move forward we need to experience each other's company,” she said. “You can't just retract in your corner.”
GREENVILLE — Members of the 2007 Greenville Lady Wave softball team gathered Saturday at Stebbins Field to be honored for the 10th anniversary of the team's state championship run.
In 2007, the Lady Wave (31 wins, four losses) defeated St. Marys Memorial (25-2) 1-0 in Ohio's Division II state softball championship game. Greenville advanced to the championship game after coming from behind to defeat Akron Archbishop Hoban (22-2) 6-4 in the semifinal.
The 2007 team was coached by Jerrod Newland, who remains head coach of the Lady Wave.
Team members in attendance to mark the occasion included Katie Beanblossom, Macie Blinn, Krysten Blumenstock, Lisa Brinley, Kaylin Cates, Cortnie Drew, Tiffany Enicks, Kyli Gunckel, Chelsea Howard, Brooke Jendrusik, Ashlee Powell, Mollie Ruble, Abbie Shell, Justine Shilt and Megan Shuret. Assistant coaches Beth Arnold, Carol Paul and John Davis also were honored.
Unable to attend were teammates Kirstie Hunt, Jackie McCauley and Kristen Paul.
Each 2007 player was handed their original game-used jersey by members of the current Lady Wave team as their names were announced to the applause of the crowd. The team's 2007 state championship trophy also was on display.
Coach Newland, now in his 15th year as coach, also was honored with a framed jersey bearing the signatures of the Lady Wave players.
“We knew we were going to win that game because it was unfinished business,” said Newland, noting that the team had lost three straight title games up to that point.
“I'm very humbled. After 15 years, it's great closure for me and those jerseys have not been washed since that day, so if they smell bad, I apologize,” he added.
The 2007 Greenville Lady Wave softball team was joined by the current team in honor of the 10th anniversary of the 2007 team's state championship. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_IMG_0035-WEB.jpg The 2007 Greenville Lady Wave softball team was joined by the current team in honor of the 10th anniversary of the 2007 team's state championship. Erik Martin|The Daily Advocate
Celebrates 10th anniversary of state title
By Erik Martin [email protected]
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fire chiefs are inviting anyone who wants to see if they've got what it takes to be a firefighter in Tarporley to drop into a drill night at the Birch House Road fire station.
Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service is recruiting now for on-call firefighters at T arporley where drill nights are held every Thursday evening between 7pm and 9pm.
Calling into the station between those times will give potential applicants the opportunity to meet crews who will explain what it means to be an on-call firefighter and exactly how to follow the recruitment process.
Tarporley watch manager Dave Windsor said: “We're looking for committed men and women to join our on-call crew at Tarporley Fire Station.
“Successful applicants will be helping to provide the best possible service to their community and will be trained to national firefighter standard.
“We're looking for people from all walks of life with a combination of practical ability, mental resilience, courage, physical fitness and the ability to remain calm and focused in emergency and difficult situations.
“I do hope people will call in to any Thursday evening drill night so they can talk to the crew about what being an on-call firefighter involves and will be able to register their interest.”
For more information about the role of an on-call firefighter, visit www.cheshirefire.gov.uk/jobs/on-call-firefighter-recruitment .
Sports News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-06
Paa Kwesi Fabin, Black Starlets Coach
Head coach of the National Under-17 team, the Black Starlets, Paa Kwesi Fabin, has expressed disappointment over the output of his team, despite winning their opening game against Columbia at the ongoing Federation of International Football Association (FIFA) Under-17, World Cup in India.
In a post-match press conference, coach Fabin said, his team did not stick to their possessive style of play, but rather relied on long balls, which suited their opponents.
“This is not how we play. We keep the ball to ourselves and pass to each other. But this time around, they were rather floating the balls just like the Columbians. We abandoned our style and allowed the Columbians to have their way out.
“We have to stick to our game plan in the next match and make sure we pick the three maximum points to progress to the next stage of the competition”. Coach Fabin stated.
The coach said, his side could have won the game by a bigger margin, but they blew off most of the scoring chances in the first half and the later stages of the second half.
“We would go and take note of our mistakes and correct them before the next game, because our aim at this stage is to progress to the last eight of the competition.” He noted.
Coach Fabin commended the goalkeeper Ibrahim Danlad and the entire defence for their excellent work rate.
“I think my goalkeeper and the defence did a tremendous work throughout the game.” He stated.
The Starlets would play the United States of America (USA) on Monday, October 9.
TORONTO — Police are trying to locate a 16-year-old boy after a gun he was allegedly playing with went off and the bullet lodged in a mattress his sibling way lying on.
Investigators allege the boy was in his bedroom in northwest Toronto last Saturday afternoon playing with a gun.
They say when it went off, the bullet travelled through his bedroom wall into his sibling's room and became lodged in the mattress.
The teen is wanted on nine charges, including using a firearm carelessly, possession of a firearm without a licence, carrying a concealed weapon, and discharging a firearm in a reckless manner.
Since Suits' famous actress, Meghan Markle, got engaged to Prince Harry of Wales, every girl on the planet became obsessed with her. Girls actually look up to her, because besides being an actress and a future duchess, she's also a successful and accomplished woman. So, no wonder many of you would love to copy her Meghan Markle's style.
With a little bit of window shopping and internet research, I was able to find pieces that look close to what Meghan Markle has been wearing lately when seen with her prince charming, Prince Harry.
Items from left to right:
- Coat: DKNY
- Turtleneck sweater: Zara
- Boots: Topshop
- Skirt: Debenhams
Items from left to right:
- Dress: Mango
- Coat: Lipsy London
MELVILLE, N.Y. — The Latest on small vintage plane crash on Long Island (all times local):
6:15 p.m.
A pilot who died when a small vintage airplane crashed in a wooded residential area in suburban New York has been identified as a U.S. Naval Academy graduate.
A spokeswoman for GEICO Skytypers Air Show Team confirms Ken Johansen was killed in the crash of the World War II-era plane Wednesday in Melville, Long Island.
Spokeswoman Benda Little says Johansen also was a naval aviator and a professional airline pilot. He leaves behind a wife and two children.
The Skytypers performed at this weekend's Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach.
No one else was injured. The plane had departed from nearby Republic Airport.
——
4:30 p.m.
A small vintage airplane has crashed in a wooded residential area in suburban New York, killing its pilot.
Huntington town spokeswoman Lauren Lembo tells Newsday the fire marshal confirms the pilot of the World War II-era GEICO Skytypers plane was pronounced dead at the scene in Melville on Wednesday afternoon.
The Skytypers performed at this weekend's Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach.
Suffolk County police say there were no other occupants on the plane and no one on the ground was injured. Photos of the wreckage show thick black smoke and raging orange flames.
A witness says she saw a small plane spinning in the air and heading down and then heard a loud sound.
The Federal Aviation Administration says the crash involved an SNJ-2 aircraft, a World War II-era plane.
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office is asking for help finding a missing girl who has Asperger's Syndrome.
11-year-old Jenna Irmler was discovered missing at 5 am on Wednesday when her parents went to check on her.
She was last seen by her parents at 9 on Tuesday night.
The sheriff's office believes the teen left her residence.
The family lives in the Bloomingdale area.
Jenna Irmler is 5′ 2″ tall, she weighs 130 lbs. and has brown hair and brown eyes. She was last seen wearing a gray t-shirt, and black sweatpants that have a pink stripe on the side.
Anyone with information about Irmler's whereabouts is asked to contact the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office at (813) 247-8200.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today she helps the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Her work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in her studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. She chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in her family. In 2008, she was between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took her into some of Africa's grimmest situations. She helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then she supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, she worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, she was recruited for her first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn her an International AIDS Society prize. She knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from her previous work, but she didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until she read the study's protocol. She was eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in his early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that he had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before he could go back to get help.
His story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," she says. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," she says. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But her award-winning research isn't the only major event of her summer.
She moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom she worked with in Zimbabwe. True to her early love of fashion, she's sewing her own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact her @SashaIngber.
Today, more than ever before, the world is taking notice of a phenomenon that has been ongoing since at least the time of Donald Trump's election: Jim Carrey's political art. It's been a primary part of Carrey's social media presence for some time–that is, he regularly tweets new colorful, marker-made drawings, usually ghoulish renderings of modern political figures, with a quippy associated caption.
Today, a portrait of Sarah Huckabee Sanders attracted more attention that any of Carrey's previous works, though his anti-Facebook composite (I'll call it “Fakebook”) was certainly a pointed statement. The Sanders drawing made waves largely among right-wing social media pundits who objected to the unflattering depiction of the White House Press Secretary:
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 17, 2018
I'll leave it to you, reader, to decide whether Carrey's virulent attack on Sanders' Christian hypocrisy is grounds for anti-misogynist critique, or if it's just the best the Mr. Popper's Penguins actor could do at accurately rendering the Secretary's face at a press conference. For reference, consider Carrey's recent tribute to Stephen Hawking, his recent series of self-critical text-based abstractions, or this horrifying thing. It's probably most instructive to see Carrey's incendiary study of Sanders in the context of his other pieces depicting political figures with an attention to realistic facial details: for instance, his gory Marco Rubio portrait, his Willard-referencing sketch of Trey Gowdy as a rat, his ominous closeup of Roy Moore sneering sadistically, or his poignant picture of Lincoln weeping in reaction to Trump's 2018 State of the Union speech:
“It's my party and I'll cry if I want to!” #StateOfTheUnion pic.twitter.com/5VDr66pbBo — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) January 31, 2018
Never one to resist an opportunity to capitalize on a bit of notoriety, Carrey followed up his inflammatory Sanders portrait today with a more high-concept piece. In his new “The Wicked Witch of the West Wing and Putin's Flying Monkeys,” Carrey amalgamates Trump (who he's referred to as “Chief Little Hands” in other works) and The Wizard of Oz's Wicked Witch of the West into a new, chilling figure. Looking like he's wearing a graduation gown more than a cape, this warlock-ified Trump brings to mind Carrey's iconic roles in The Mask and The Grinch nearly as much as the classic Oz villain:
If you liked my last cartoon you may also enjoy… “THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST WING AND PUTIN'S FLYING MONKEYS“ pic.twitter.com/slBG7j1s8d — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 19, 2018
My qualitative judgment would be that it's one of Carrey's most fleshed-out and visually pleasing works, on par with his subversive, richly symbolic rendering of White House Chief of Staff General John Kelly:
All who enter his crooked carnival with integrity are doomed to leave without it. General Kelly has been trampled by his own compromise. Who dares be the next to ride the carousel of fools?! Muahahaha!!! pic.twitter.com/MQDvFBrYlG — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) February 11, 2018
An overlooked and curious detail in Carrey's presentation is his use of smiley faces with a carrot nose in his explanatory captions. Sometimes, they integrate a normal parenthesis to form a mouth; elsewhere, stranger brackets, i.e. “}”, are employed. When the piece is communicating a particularly pointed message, he may dare to use a “P.” But it's usually hard to determine any clear significance to the alterations. Each emoticon seems to basically signify the same thing: “I'm a man making mischief in a doomed world.”
Tone deaf Paul Ryan brags that his tax bill is going to make low income voters an extra $1.50 a week! That's almost enough for a box of Band-Aids. Who needs healthcare? WAKE UP REPUBLICAN BASE! You are parked on the tracks, cheering for the train that's about to run you down. ;^P pic.twitter.com/Xh0dAiSGtC — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) February 5, 2018
Viewers of Jim and Andy, last year's disorienting Netflix documentary about Carrey's on-set antics during the making of the Andy Kaufman biopic Man On The Moon–or his red carpet interview at a party during last year's New York Fashion Week–should be fully aware of the fact, but the main takeaway of all this is that Jim Carrey has crossed the rubicon and become fully, abidingly insane:
Some super genius on YouTube is saying I'm a member of the Illuminati. I guess that's a weird kind of compliment. Can't wait to tell my close personal friend,THE EASTER BUNNY! Btw…the Tooth Fairy is KEYSER SÖZE!! pic.twitter.com/OvXoNGKaYN — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) February 21, 2018
In lieu of some inferior, pithy kicker, I'll leave you with this image:
It's amazing how fast the VDI market is changing and exciting because with these changes customers will finally realize some really great cost reduction and business agility benefits that have thus far been elusive. As the industry transitions to cloud deployments, we believe it will be helpful for IT execs to have a framework for comparing the various products in the market, but that's easier said than done.
VDI and DaaS solutions can be evaluated through the lens of people in the “food chain” of virtual app and desktop evaluation, selection, deployment, use and management:
Who is the primary sponsor? CIO or the Application Owner?
Who are the end users? E-Staff, Power-Users, Knowledge Users, Remote Developers, Field Users, Contractors, Partners, Others?
What does the solution do for the CFO and CISO? Does it increase or decrease security, agility and cost?
Who are the people managing the solution? Generic IT Staff, VDI Specialists, Datacenter Specialists, Cloud Experts, Security Ninjas or Expensive Consultants?
Each has her/his special interests and goals when it comes to participating in the decision-making process, and from those special interests we can derive a framework for evaluation.
Read the entire article here, How to Benchmark Desktop As A Service (DaaS)
Via the fine folks at Workspot.
VICTORIA — Former British Columbia premier Dave Barrett has died at the age of 87.
A statement from Premier John Horgan's office says the former NDP premier died after a long struggle with Alzheimer's disease.
He died today in Victoria.
Barrett was first elected to the B.C. legislature in 1960.
The former social worker from Vancouver became known as the champion of the little guy.
He was elected eight times as a provincial member of the legislature.
He was also elected as a federal New Democrat MP in 1988 in the former Victoria-area riding of Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca.
Barrett made political history when his left leaning New Democrats defeated the five-term Social Credit juggernaut governments of W.A.C. Bennett in 1972.
He was B.C.'s first NDP premier and his three-year government from 1972 to 1975 was short-lived but enduring for its political accomplishments.
More coming.
REGINA — A Saskatchewan man and his wife were heard arguing a few days before he shot her in the head and heart with a revolver in the basement of their home.
An agreed statement of facts was read out in a Regina courtroom Wednesday after John Strang pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in the death of 47-year-old Lisa Strang in August 2015.
He also pleaded guilty to uttering a death threat against another woman, Lynn Larsen.
Strang, 50, was charged two days after his wife's body was found in their home in McLean, Sask.
Court heard Strang confessed to a friend that he had killed his wife. The friend contacted police, who then found the victim's body. Officers also search his Jeep and recovered the handgun that he had used.
Lisa Strang was the Saskatchewan Party's finance director and had been with the party for 11 years.
The neighbour who had overheard the couple arguing also heard the sound of two bangs the day Strang was killed.
The Crown said Strang alienated his wife from her friends and family. She was the main breadwinner and her husband spent a lot of money and racked up debts that required them to remortgage their house.
Court also heard that Lisa Strang wanted a divorce months before she was killed and her husband had accused her of having an affair.
The Crown and defence are requesting a life sentence with no chance of parole for 17 years.
Strang is to be sentenced on Oct. 25.
Mastercard and Discover both pointed to similar reasoning and they'll also be discontinuing signature requirements in April of next year. However, while Discover is eliminating signature requirements in the US, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean and Mastercard is ending them in the US and Canada, American Express is ceasing signature requirements globally.
However, though these companies will no long require merchants to collect signatures, those merchants may still choose to do so, and they'll have to if it's required by law in any region. But fewer and fewer transactions require signatures anyway, so for the diminishing number of purchases that still demand them, this move could make checkout times just a tad bit quicker.
To take advantage of the handset's 18:9 OLED display, you can even adjust the Floating Bar (or push it out of the way entirely). Essentially, it offers a place to put your most used apps and widgets.
That's not to mention all the tricks the phone's camera is capable of with its f/1.6 glass lens. From the manual shooting mode, you can access Graphy, a sort of photo editing suite that grants access to editing presets designed by pro photographers. Want to make a quick GIF of your dog licking its nose? That's doable too.
Those interested in more info won't have too much longer to wait -- the LG V30 will be formally revealed August 31st.
AWS Maker Studio on https://www.twitch.tv/aws kicks off the first season building a cloud-connected robot. Join AWS Makers to learn the basics of building your first robot to learning dev ops for IoT of your robot. For more information, visit http://amzn.to/2slhb5G.
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Turkey's state of emergency will be extended by an additional three months, officials said on Monday.
The state of emergency would be extended as of April 19 for three more months, with the parliament's approval, Xinhua news agency quoted Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus as saying.
He attributed the reason for the extension to the struggle against terror threats, primarily against the so-called Fetullah Terrorist Organisation (FETO) that the government accuses of staging coup attempt on July 15, 2016.
The cabinet meeting followed the National Security Council's advice to extend the state of emergency.
The National Security Council and the cabinet convened successively on Monday, one day after a public vote that confirmed governance system change from the parliamentarian one to the executive presidency.
Turkey declared a state of emergency on July 20, 2016, days after a failed military coup, which Ankara blames on the US-based exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Turkey has already been under a state of emergency for nine consecutive months after a coup attempt on July 15, 2016.
Under emergency rule, the government can bypass the parliament to enact new laws and limit or suspend rights and freedoms.
MILWAUKEE — The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee is losing its three top men's basketball players after coach Pat Baldwin's first year.
The leading scorers this season, junior guards Brock Stull and Jeremiah Bell and sophomore forward Bryce Nze, have received releases in order to transfer and play elsewhere.
Five scholarship players have left the team in less than a month. Sophomore guards August Haas and Jeremy Johnson left the program in March.
Stull, Bell and Nze say they're leaving on good terms with Baldwin, but also admit program changes in recent years played a role in their departures. After the university fired coach Rob Jeters, his replacement, LaVall Jordan, left after one season when he was hired at Butler. The Panthers posted a 16-17 season in Baldwin's inaugural year.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Generators are still humming. Candles are still flickering. Homes are still being repaired.
Puerto Rico was hit by Hurricane Maria exactly six months ago, and the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century.
"There are a lot of people with needs," said Levid Ortiz, operating director of PR4PR, a local nonprofit that helps impoverished communities across the island. "It shouldn't be like this. We should already be back on our feet."
Some 250 Puerto Ricans formed a line around him on a recent weekday, standing for more than two hours to receive bottles of water and a box of food at a public basketball court in the mountain town of Corozal. Many of those waiting were still without power, including 23-year-old Keishla Quiles, a single mother with a 4-year-old son who still buys ice every day to fill a cooler to keep milk and other goods cold amid rising temperatures.
"Since we're a family of few resources, we have not been able to afford a generator," she said. "It's been hard living like this."
Crews already have restored water to 99 percent of clients and power to 93 percent of customers, but more than 100,000 of them still remain in the dark. Justo Gonzalez, interim director for Puerto Rico's Electric Power Authority, said he expects the entire island to have power by May, eight months after the Category 4 storm destroyed two-thirds of the island's power distribution system — and just as the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season is about to start.
Gonzalez also pledged to inspect dozens of wooden and cement poles still leaning haphazardly across the island after a wooden telephone pole fell on a car. It killed an elderly couple on Sunday as they returned from a town fair in the mountains of western Puerto Rico. The deaths of Luis Beltran, 62, and Rosa Bosque, 60, have angered Puerto Ricans and raised concerns about the safety of people as they recover from the hurricane.
"It worries me because ... it can happen anywhere," Mayor Edwin Soto told The Associated Press, adding that crews were going to inspect poles across the mountain town of Las Marias to ensure they are in good condition.
Beltran's youngest sister, Migdalia Beltran, said her brother was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Maria hit, but that he moved back three months ago to be with family.
"He was No. 1," she said as her voice cracked and she began to cry. "He was the one who gave me support to keep going."
The storm caused an estimated $100 billion in damage, killed dozens of people and damaged or destroyed nearly 400,000 homes, according to Puerto Rico's government.
In the six months since the hurricane, more than 135,000 people have fled to the U.S. mainland, according to a recent estimate by the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York.
More than 40 percent of them settled in Florida, followed by Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York and Pennsylvania, the study found.
Meanwhile, those who stayed behind say they need more help.
The AP recently found that of the $23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico, only $1.27 billion for a nutritional assistance program has been disbursed, along with more than $430 million to repair public infrastructure. The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Administration also has spent more than $6 billion from its standing emergency fund.
Meanwhile, the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources issued a letter on Friday demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers explain why it is reducing the number of crews helping restore power when there are still people who remain in the dark.
"While we recognize that much progress has been made in restoring power to the majority of customers, the job is not done," the letter stated.
VALATIE, N.Y. (NEWS10) – A New York woman who reviews children's toys and clothes claims she received a package of weed instead of a toy package.
Pamela Marks was expecting the toys from a California toy company Thursday, but police say instead received a package containing seven pounds of marijuana.
The Columbia County Sheriff's Department seized the marijuana.
The incident is under investigation.
Get our hottest stories
delivered to your inbox Sign up for News Channel 8's Noon Newsletter to get
updates on the day's top stories Privacy Policy | Manage Newsletters
Amazon Working on Self-Dismantling Drone
Nobody wants a drone falling on their head, especially if it's a drone large enough to deliver packages for Amazon.
But the e-commerce behemoth clearly sees a future in which bad things happen to good technology, and a malfunctioning drone ought not plummet from the sky.
Better to do it piece by piece.
Amazon has just received a patent outlining a possible plan for "directed fragmentation for unmanned airborne vehicles" used in deliveries.
"The use of UAVs is accompanied by the need for new solutions to various problems, such as service disruptions due to unsuitable weather conditions, equipment malfunctions, and other problems," reads the text of the patent, which the Seattle firm applied for in June 2016 and received Tuesday.
Core to the technology is a "fragmentation sequence" that the drone constantly updates with an eye to flight path, flying conditions and what lies in the terrain below.
"Terrain topology information or data can identify certain preferred locations for dropping one or more of the components of the UAV," the patent document says.
"For example, the terrain topology information can identify bodies of water, forested areas, open fields, and other locations more suitable for dropping components of the UAV if or when flight operation errors, malfunctions, or unexpected conditions occur.
"Terrain topology data can identify the locations and boundaries of residential, commercial, and industrial buildings and developments, highways and surface streets, parking lots, stadiums, schools, recreational areas, and other artificial features."
What might cause an Amazon delivery drone to need to divest itself from itself, in parts?
"Unexpected heat, cold, wind, rain, hail, high or low ... pressure regions, or other meteorological conditions," according to the patent document.
"High winds may make it difficult or impossible to control the flight operations. High heat may also result in failure or malfunction of the battery ... leading to loss of thrust provided by the rotor system. Other components ... such as the rotor system, flight control computer, flight sensors, or other components, can unexpectedly malfunction or fail for various reasons."
The idea behind the patent is not to let the drone dismantle itself until there's nothing left.
"During the fragmentation sequence, one or more parts or components of the UAV can be released. In doing so, the weight, speed, air drag coefficient, and other factors related to the UAV can be altered. At the same time, the momentum and trajectory of the UAV are also altered.
"According to aspects of the embodiments, the fragmentation sequence is tailored to modify or alter the manner in which the UAV descends, to control the descent in a preferred, controlled manner," the patent document says.
The drone's systems would allow it to control where the parts fall, so they would "descend in a calculated or estimated trajectory to the preferred locations."
The illustration accompanying the patent indicates those locations would include a pond and a tree. The drawing also appears to show the drone dropping the cargo into a tree.
Parts could be released using latches, hooks or springs, or "small explosive charges" or compressed gas.
There's attention to cost, among other factors, in what gets jettisoned.
"The fragmentation sequence engine can select the order based on various factors, such as the replacement value or cost of the components, the air drag coefficients of the components, the weight of the components, the purpose of the components, and other factors," the patent document says.
However, just because Amazon patented this system -- which also seems unsuitable for urban centers -- that doesn't guarantee it'll go into action. Still, the company recognizing the possibility of "catastrophic failure" of a delivery drone indicates that some solution is needed before Amazon starts delivering goods via drones.
© 2017 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Amazon.
Wichita Falls Police have confirmed to Newschannel 6 a WFISD employee is facing a charge of Failure to Report. (Source: KAUZ)
Wichita Falls Police have confirmed to Newschannel 6 a WFISD employee is facing a charge of Failure to Report.
Texas state law requires a person in an official capacity to notify police and Child Protective Services within 48 hours of learning about or suspecting an incident involving any abuse of a child.
WFPD says its Crimes Against Juvenile detectives did reach out to the WFISD Police Chief and made them aware of the situation before these warrants were issued.
The WFISD has confirmed Haynes Elementary Principal Cindy Underwood has been placed on administrative leave but police have not released the name on the arrest warrant.
This is the second such offense involving a WFISD Principal this year.
Stay with Newschannel 6 as we continue to learn more.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
Derbyshire Fire & Rescue Service is providing advice and reassurance to people who are concerned about fire safety following this morning's fire at Grenfell Tower in London.
Area Manager Alex Johnson who is responsible for community safety in Derbyshire said: “We are truly devastated to hear of the fire at Grenfell Tower and our thoughts are with everyone affected by the tragedy and also our emergency service colleagues dealing with such a devastating and complex incident.
“It would be wrong to speculate about the cause of the fire until a full investigation has been carried out.
“Thankfully fires of this type are rare, however such an incident does cause alarm and raise concerns with people living in similar buildings.
“High-rise buildings are designed to resist fire, stop the spread of smoke and provide a safe means of escape. Most fires don't spread more than one or two rooms.
“I would like to assure everybody that Derbyshire Fire & Rescue Service carries out regular inspections of blocks of flats, including Rivermead House, the only high-rise building in Derbyshire, owned and managed by Derby City Council and Derby Homes, which fully complies with current fire safety regulations.
“It is essential that people know what to do in the event of a fire so that they can protect themselves and their families. This is particularly important for the more vulnerable members of our communities, such as the over 60's and people with mobility issues.”
Advice
Blocks of flats will have their own fire plan and occupants should make themselves aware of the specific advice that relates to the building in which they live.
If there is a fire inside your flat the fire service's advice is to alert all the people in your flat and leave, closing doors behind you.
You should follow your escape plan and if there is lots of smoke, crawl along the floor where the air should be clearer. Always use the stairs rather than the lift and call 999 as soon as you are in a safe place.
If there is a fire elsewhere in the building, then the structure of your flat – walls, floors and doors are designed to give you a minimum of 30-60 minutes' protection from a fire.
If there is a fire in your building, but not inside your own home, then you are usually safer to say in your flat unless the heat or smoke from the fire is affecting you.
If you stay put, you should still call 999.
For more fire safety advice and information visit ww.derbys-fire.gov.uk
Mitch Townsend is The Pumpkin King. He took up pumpkin growing as a hobby last year.
“I find them so fascinating and I really enjoy Halloween so I decided to grow them,” he said.
Last year he was unsuccessful. All the pumpkins were green as he started too late. This year he got an early start, bought as many types of seeds as he could, started doing research, made his own planters out of pallets and started germinating them in the house.
“My girlfriends was so angry with me. There were pumpkins everywhere,” he said with a grin.
He bought four different varieties of pumpkins. He got a white variety called “Caspers”, “Sugar Babies” which are tiny but which he says are perfect for making pies, “Jack-o-Lanterns” and “PVP Atlantic Giants.” The PVP Atlantic Giants are a pumpkin that grows anywhere from a 100 to 800 pounds depending on how you grow them. The biggest one he grew this year was 130 pounds and 79 inches around.
“I grow them in pure horse manure. No Miracle Gro. I like to go as organic as I can so I got organic seeds this year and grew them in organic soil and fed them with well water,” he said of his growing process.
“He was out there hand-picking weeds and digging thistles. It was a cool process,” said Julie.
They ended up moving all the pumpkin seedlings out to his shop, planted them and they took off. They ended up filling about half an acre with all the plants.
“He put in a lot of hard manual labour,” his mom Julie Townsend said. “It was fun to watch him. And it was fun to see literally the fruits of his labour this fall,” she continued. In the last hard frost, the whole family was out in the patch for two hours with plastic trying to cover all the pumpkins.
“We were able to save the fruit but not the plant,” Julie said. They put six trailer loads of pumpkins in the barn.
Mitch's girlfriend, Katina Rafter, dubbed him “The Pumpkin King” because she's a die-hard Jack Skeleton fan. “She called me the Pumpkin King one day then I really fell in love with her,” Mitch said. The name stuck after that.
They put on a wrap-up pumpkin harvest event called “Pumpkin King Presents” and invited a handful of people to come out for a meal and give donations to take the pumpkins home. Proceeds from the event amounted just to over $1200. All proceeds for this year and next year will go towards building the pumpkin patch.
“My dream is to take a portion of that farm and I want kids to experience a pumpkin patch and where they come from,” he said.
His vision is for kids to come out to the patch, get a wagon and some scissors to go out and pick their own pumpkin.
“Kids would love it. People would come from all over the place,” he said enthusiastically.
He also plans to show kids how to grow pumpkins.
“I don't want them to lose that connection [with growing things],” he said.
For next year, he plans to put together tip sheets for growing pumpkins and facts about pumpkins he's been collecting throughout this year's process. He's considering talking to his former high school H.J. Cody about potentially setting up a work experience program where students could volunteer at the patch. Ideas kept flowing to him as he started listing off the things he'll need to purchase in the next few years to grow the patch. “Every dollar that I make off this for probably the next five years will go directly back into the pumpkin patch,” he said
“I admire that he took this on and he's educated himself,” Julie said.
Mitch shared a few tidbits of information about pumpkins for the Thanksgiving holiday. The pumpkins can keep up to a year after being harvested. The length of the vine attached to the pumpkin also plays a factor in how long the fruit lasts. “The longer the vine is on the pumpkin, the longer it will last because that is their lifeline,” said Townsend.
He entered his largest pumpkin into the Heaviest Veggie Contest put on by Peavey Mart and is hoping he won pumpkin category for the contest. The contest closed on Sept. 30 and all the entries are are still being tallied.
Former England internationals Ian Wright, Gary Neville and Lee Dixon were ecstatic after Eric Dier's winning penalty hit the back of the net
Well, that was quite something. For the first time in World Cup history, England have progressed through a knockout round tie by winning a penalty shootout, after Eric Dier smashed home the winning penalty to make it 4-3 against Colombia.
Advertisement
Unsurprisingly, the English pundits in the ITV studio – Gary Neville, Ian Wright and Lee Dixon – absolutely lost it.
Dixon supported Wright, who couldn't bare to look, with a hand on the back of the neck as the Dier stepped up to the spot, and the trio jumped out of their seats into a bouncing, school kid-like embrace as the ball hit the back of the net.
Watch their joyous reaction below.
It was a special moment for the usually composed former England international footballers, who have experienced their fair share of penalty heartbreak over the years.
Now Gareth Southgate and his men will look towards a massive quarter-final clash with Sweden on Saturday afternoon. Nerves ready?
England will play Sweden in the World Cup 2018 quarter finals at 3pm on Saturday
Advertisement
Sign up for the free RadioTimes.com newsletter
Dr Lance O'Sullivan says he will only take a leadership role within the Māori Party if it is a sole leadership role.
Coming on the heels of the resignation of President Tukoroirangi Morgan, the front runner to be the Maori Party's next male leader, Dr Lance O'Sullivan, says that co-leadership isn't the way to go.
“If I had an opportunity to have a leadership role, it would need to be in that sole leadership role.” says the former New Zealander of the Year.
The Māori Party has had co-leaders since its inception 13 years ago. Many believed Lance O'Sullivan and Marama Fox would be the next co-leader pairing.
But the doctor isn't wanting to share that responsibility.
“I'm not a fan of co-leadership, says O'Sullivan, "I think you need a single leader and a single message coming through that's strong and inspiring.”
Dame Tariana Turia was the party founder and first female co-leader. She doesn't agree with that thinking. “In the end I hope we maintain the kaupapa of two co-leaders. I think it's very helpful to have male and female working constructively with each other,” says Turia.
Yesterday it was revealed that Tukoroirangi Morgan had resigned as president of the Māori Party.
In his resignation letter he said both Te Ururoa Flavell and Marama Fox should step down as co-leaders to make way for new talent coming through.
Both Turia and O'Sullivan agree that there is a lot of work to be done to revive the party.
“Well, we need to go around and rebuild in the communities," says Turia, "Somewhere along the line we lost the connection obviously.”
O'Sullivan sees it as an opportunity. “The results of this election mean that the Māori Party in entering a new stage of its evolution really, and that requires a review of the structure," says O'Sullivan, "Is it currently fit for purpose? Is it as nimble and agile as it could be and should be? My answer to that is probably not.”
O'Sullivan has already indicated that he intends to stand for the Māori Party in the next election.
The mom trying to get her kids to school
Friday morning's rains wreaked havoc for many Ghanaians living in Accra.
Captured in this photo is a compelling scene of a mother of three making a precarious journey through the rains to take her children to school.
She gets to a flooded area. It is a culvert built by residents of Nmai Dzorn, Zoomlion.
The woman with a baby wrapped behind her, is seen struggling to cross the culvert on the road, with her two kids; one draped in a big black plastic bag, with the other in a raincoat, all of them, bare-footed.
While providing cover for her little baby with her umbrella, on one hand, she lifts the two up by the arm one after the other across the culvert, into the flooded area and together ‘journey' on to school.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Jaime Nared had 23 points and 13 rebounds and No. 11 Tennessee outlasted No. 2 Texas 82-75 on Sunday in a physical matchup of unbeaten teams.
Mercedes Russell Russell added 15 points and 12 rebounds to help Tennessee to the 10th 10-0 start in school history and the second in Holly Warlick's six seasons as coach.
Tennessee maintained a narrow lead throughout the final 19 minutes and overcame some shaky free-throw shooting down the stretch by making seven of its last eight field-goal attempts.
Lashann Higgs scored 13 points for Texas (7-1).
NO. 6 MISSISSIPPI STATE 86, LITTLE ROCK 48
STARKVILLE, Miss. (AP) — Morgan William scored a season-high 16 points and Mississippi State overpowered Little Rock to improve to 9-0.
Teaira McCowan added 13 points and 11 rebounds, and Victoria Vivians had 12 points and 10 rebounds. The Bulldogs have won 31 straight regular-season nonconference games and 30 nonconference home games in a row.
Monique Townson and Kyra Collier each had 11 points for Little Rock (3-6).
NO. 10 WEST VIRGINIA 101, COPPIN STATE 43
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) — Katrina Pardee scored a career-high 25 points and West Virginia reached 909 for the second straight season.
Teana Muldrow added 22 points for West Virginia. Genesis Lucas scored 10 of her 15 points in the second quarter for the Eagles (1-9).
NO. 13 FLORIDA STATE 77, ARIZONA STATE 66
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Imani Wright scored 22 points and Florida State used a big first quarter to turn back Arizona State.
Florida State is 10-0 for the third time ever, and two shy of its best start ever. Shakayla Thomas had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Seminoles, and AJ Alix added 14 points and 11 assists.
Reili Richardson led the Sun Devils (7-3) with a career-high 18 points.
NO. 14 DUKE 101, WINTHROP 30
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Lexie Brown scored 32 points, Haley Gorecki added a career-high 20 for Duke.
Brown was 14 of 22 from the field, two more field goals than the Eagles had (12 of 46). Gorecki went 7 of 11, including 5 of 7 behind the arc for the Blue Devils (8-2), who shot 61 per cent for the game.
Kayla Brown had 12 points for Winthrop (1-8).
NO. 17 MISSOURI 78, SIU-EDWARDSVILLE 48
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — Sophie Cunningham had a career-high seven 3-pointers and a season-high 35 points and Missouri rolled to its ninth straight victory.
Cunningham was 11-of-16 shooting with all five of her misses for the Tigers (9-1) coming from 3-point range. Gwen Adams led the Cougars (3-5) with 12 points.
NO. 19 OREGON STATE 110, SAN JOSE STATE 62
CORVALLIS, Ore. (AP) — Marie Gulich scored 22 points, Taylor Kalmer had 19 and Oregon State broke 100 points for the first time since 2015.
Kat Tudor added 15 points for the Beavers (6-2). Myzhanique Ladd matched her career high with 19 points for the Spartans (2-7).
MIAMI 65, NO. 20 KENTUCKY 54
CORAL GABLES, Fla. (AP) — Endia Banks had 13 points and eight assists and Miami handed Kentucky its second straight loss.
Erykah Davenport added 12 points and 12 rebounds for the Hurricanes (6-3). Maci Morris had 18 points for Kentucky (8-3). The Wildcats were coming off a 70-64 loss at Florida Gulf Coast on Friday night.
NO. 22 VILLANOVA 69, TEMPLE 65
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Alex Louin scored with 43 seconds left and she and Adrianna Hahn made 3 of 5 free throws to help Villanova hold off Big 5 rival Temple for the Wildcats' best start in 37 years.
Villanova is 9-0 to start a season for the first time since the 1979-80 season. Tanaya Atkinson had 24 points and a season-high 18 rebounds for Temple (7-3).
NO. 23 GREEN BAY 76, LOYOLA-CHICAGO 39
CHICAGO (AP) — Jessica Lindstrom had 14 points, 12 rebounds and five assists for Green Bay.
Frankie Wurtz had 16 points and five rebounds, and Karly Murphy added 14 points on 7-of-10 shooting from the floor for the Phoenix (8-1). Jessica Cerda led Loyola-Chicago (1-8) with 13 points.
NO. 24 MICHIGAN 54, KENT STATE 41
ANN Arbour, Mich. (AP) — Hailey Brown and Hallie Thome each scored 11 points and No. 24 Michigan overcame a slow start to get past Kent State.
Nicole Munger added 19 points for Michigan (8-2). Alexa Golden had 15 points for Kent State (6-5).
NO. 25 CALIFORNIA 92, PACIFIC 85
STOCKTON, Calif. (AP) — Kristine Anigwe had 28 points and 18 rebounds for California,
Penina Davidson added 22 points and 10 rebounds for Cal (7-2). Luaulu-Summers had 18 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists for Pacific (4-5).
DETROIT — Two-time Olympic boxing champion Claressa Shields is looking to take over another division.
The 23-year-old super middleweight champion is scheduled to take on Hanna Gabriels for vacant middleweight title on June 22 at Masonic Temple in Detroit.
Shields, who is from Flint, Michigan, is training with John David Jackson for the first time. She has won all five of her fights, including two by knockouts.
The 35-year-old Gabriels, who is from Costa Rica, is a super welterweight champion. She is 18-1 with 11 knockouts.
Shields is the first American, male or female, to win a boxing gold medal since Andre Ward at the 2004 Athens Olympics. The only other U.S. boxer to win two Olympic gold medals is Oliver Kirk, who won titles at the 1904 Olympics in St. Louis.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The United States and Qatar have reached a deal to resolve a years-old quarrel over alleged airline subsidies, seven individuals familiar with the deal said Monday, as Qatar's government works to defuse tensions with the Trump administration.
The agreement will see state-owned Qatar Airways agree voluntarily to open up its accounting books, the individuals said. U.S. airlines say the company receives billions of dollars in government payments that leave them at a competitive disadvantage. Qatar will also make a loose commitment that the flag carrier won't launch flights to the United States from Europe or other non-Qatari cities, creating yet more competition for the U.S. airlines.
The individuals briefed on the agreement demanded anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss it ahead of a formal announcement, expected Tuesday when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis meet with the visiting Qatari foreign and defense ministers.
Both sides of the dispute can claim the agreement as a victory — for very different reasons.
The U.S. airline industry can claim the increased transparency will create a powerful disincentive to unfair subsidies, as Qatar will no longer be able to mask such payments through creative accounting. The three major U.S. carriers — Delta Air Lines, American Airlines and United Airlines — have spent huge sums over the last three years pressing the Obama administration and Trump administration for tough action. They're eager to show a win.
Yet for Qatar, the agreement averts the more serious step U.S. airlines wanted: re-opening the so-called open-skies treaties that could lead to less favorable conditions for Persian Gulf airlines.
Qatar, denounced by President Donald Trump last year for allegedly funding terrorism, can also show it's cooperating closely and productively with U.S. regulators. That could help the tiny gas-rich kingdom draw a contrast with the United Arab Emirates, whose two airlines are also accused of improper subsidies but have yet to reach an agreement with Washington.
"Everybody gets to claim victory in this," said Helane Becker, an airline analyst for Cowen and Co.
Indeed, even before any announcement, American, the world's biggest airline by passenger traffic, praised the deal as a way to "thoughtfully address" Qatari subsidies. And United CEO Oscar Munoz applauded the agreement while thanking Trump's administration for "effectively representing the interests of the American aviation industry."
Though on the same side of the airline dispute, Qatar and the UAE oppose each other in a bitter, unrelated standoff. Last year, the UAE, Saudi Arabia and other Gulf nations blockaded Qatar after accusing it of supporting extremism and fomenting dissent throughout the region. Qatar hopes to change that narrative by enhancing counterterrorism cooperation and allowing greater U.S. visibility into its finances and banking practices.
In an eight-paragraph document laying out "understandings" between Qatar and the U.S., the Gulf nation will commit within one year to releasing audited financial statements for Qatar Airlines "in accordance with internationally-recognized accounting standards," according to a text of the agreement obtained by The Associated Press. Within two years, Qatar Airways is to disclose any transactions with other state-owned entities, such as caterers or other companies that support airline operations, closing what the U.S. airlines have claimed is a backdoor used by Gulf nations to hide illicit subsidies.
A side-letter to the agreement will state that Qatar's civilian aviation authority is unaware of any plans by Qatar Airlines to start so-called "Fifth Freedoms" flights — routes from third countries to the United States. Under the scenario U.S. airlines fear, Qatar Airways could offer flights from its Doha hub to, say, Paris or London, stop to pick up more passengers, then fly on to New York.
The side-letter only says there are no current plans to operate such service. That's short of a binding guarantee. There's also no commitment Qatar Airways won't expand its offering of Qatar-U.S. flights.
"This appears to be the administration essentially throwing a meatless bone to the three U.S. carriers to put an end to their rants against the Gulf carriers," said John Byerly, who was the chief open skies negotiator in the Obama administration and has also consulted for Emirates Airline and UPS.
The two UAE airlines — Dubai-based Emirates and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways — aren't a party to the U.S.-Qatar agreement. Emirates Airline currently offers "Fifth Freedom" flights in which passengers can fly from New York-area airports to Milan, Italy or Athens without ever setting foot in the UAE.
All three Gulf airlines have long denied receiving unfair government subsidies. A Qatari government spokesman declined to comment on the agreement. There was no immediate reaction from either Emirates or Etihad.
A State Department official said the U.S. planned to pursue talks with the Emiratis and address subsidy concerns. An individual familiar with planning for those talks said they could begin within weeks.
___
AP Airlines Writer David Koenig in Dallas and AP writer Jon Gambrell in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
PORTLAND, Ore. — Faced with a backlog of applications for recreational marijuana licenses, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission says it will set aside any applications received after June 15 until the pileup is cleared.
The commission says it has issued almost 1,900 recreational marijuana licenses since April 2016 as well as almost 29,000 marijuana worker permits.
The agency says the pace of application submissions has not eased, causing the review process to lengthen.
To power through the backlog, the agency says it will temporarily shift employees to focus on renewals and applications that have already been submitted.
Executive director Steve Marks says the temporary suspension of new licenses will help the agency fulfil its regulatory duties and provide timely responses to businesses in the industry.
The Oregon Legislature is expected to look at the issue next year.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Julia Smith, Research Associate, Simon Fraser University
Imagine this: You are a farmer in one of the poorest countries of the world. Each year, the price of your harvest falls, but you keep growing the same crop because it is what your mother and, before her, your grandmother farmed.
Due to low prices at the auction house, you sign a contract, even though you can't read, with a company that loans you money for fertilizer and seeds. You use some of this to pay your children's school fees.
You fall sick with headaches and dizziness. Your children stay home from school to help farm. They fall sick too. At the end of the season, the amount paid for your crop is less than the loan plus interest. The purchasing company says prices are low because people on the other side of the world are trying to shut down your business. Apparently, tobacco is deadly.
World No Tobacco Day is May 31, and while it generally focuses on the health risks of smoking, the harms the tobacco industry inflicts are even broader. It has benefited from exploiting farmers in low-income countries like Malawi.
Malawi is the most tobacco-dependent country in the world. In 2015, tobacco leaf comprised 30 to 40 per cent of its total exports, making up 11 per cent of the country's gross domestic product and 60 per cent of its foreign exchange earnings. While tobacco leaf is clearly an important source of foreign exchange earnings at the national level, most tobacco farmers in Malawi live in poverty.
A 2016 study found that Malawian tobacco farmers make an average profit of US$79 per acre, substantially less than the average in the agricultural sector (US$351). It concludes “tobacco farmers are not earning enough to support a sustainable livelihood.”
Since the 1990s, there have been accusations that the prices at the tobacco auction are fixed by companies acting like a cartel.
Despite denials, documents from company records suggest cartel-like behaviour. A British American Tobacco (BAT) report admits that “prices are dictated by the manufacturers.” A Philip Morris document reads: “We understand from our suppliers that all major manufacturers present… agreed with our viewpoint that these prices were totally unrealistic and after several discussions… prices started to ease back.”
And a representative of the Malawi Tobacco Control Commission is quoted as saying: “The price that is paid to the producer, it starts from the cigarette manufacturer.” While prices at this year's auction (currently ongoing) are US$1.58 a kilogram, previous years' prices have been as low as US$0.80/kg, leaving many farmers in debt.
Companies provide seed, fertilizer
As an alternative to the auction, tobacco companies encourage farmers to sell tobacco through contracts: Companies provide seed, fertilizers and chemicals in return for a guarantee to sell to that merchant. In 2015, 80 per cent of tobacco in Malawi was sold on contract. Farmers are reportedly not always informed of the details of their loans, such as interest rates, and are not assured a set price.
There are also reports of buyers extending more credit to farmers than they pay for the crop at the end of the season, and failing to buy the agreed-upon quota. Farmers themselves have accused contract leaf buyers of operating a cartel on the auction floors to keep prices low.
In February 2015, tobacco farmers petitioned the government to recall or change contract farming legislation to better protect their rights. In response, the head of Malawi's Tobacco Control Commission stated: “Malawi is now part of the global village. So it is not so easy to say ‘we recommend this or that' … it is also important that we take into account the global demands in the production of leaf, knowing full well that we do not buy the leaf on our own. We rely on exports.”
In other words, Malawi is dependent on global tobacco companies to buy its leaf, and therefore corporations — not citizens — dictate government policy.
Lack of government power over corporate practices results in weak enforcement of existing regulations.
Uninformed about nicotine poisoning
In neighbouring Zimbabwe, Human Rights Watch recently reported that companies were failing to inform farmers about the risk of nicotine poisoning. Handling tobacco leafs can cause nicotine to be absorbed into skin resulting in nausea, dizziness and headaches. Nicotine poisoning particularly affects brain development in children, and the industry has a long history of relying on child labour.
The government of Malawi continues to describe tobacco as the backbone of the country, frequently blaming tobacco control advocates for the struggles faced by farmers.
At the opening of the 2015 tobacco market, President Peter Mutharika stated that he is “aware that the tobacco industry is facing a lot of challenges and key among them is the issue of the anti-smoking lobby,” and that “this has had and will continue to have negative effects on demand for tobacco worldwide and may therefore seriously affect Malawi's foreign exchange earnings and the livelihoods of our tobacco farmers.”
It's not surprising that many Malawian politicians support the industry. Since colonization by the British, political leaders have benefited from tobacco by owning large farms, collecting rents from the auctions and maintaining close relationships with the big tobacco companies.
The government is now promising a new Tobacco Bill, to be tabled in Parliament this June, to revitalize the industry and better protect farmers. Considering the long history of exploitation and influence of Big Tobacco within the government, as well as declining demand for a product that is harmful on many levels, reforming the industry seems to be a case of too little, too late.
The government would do better to honour its earlier promises to diversify the agricultural sector.
It's time for Malawi to quit tobacco.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/its-time-for-malawi-to-quit-tobacco-9651 h
Nadeem ul Haque is a former deputy chairman of the Planning Commission of Pakistan and a former senior resident representative of the IMF in Egypt and Sri Lanka.
ISLAMABAD – A longstanding debate in economics – and among social scientists more broadly – centers on how best to deliver international aid to developing countries. Should these countries' governments rely on top-down wisdom from donor capitals? Or should they focus more on funding bottom-up solutions dictated by recipients?
With the Trump administration proposing to cut the US State Department's budget and reduce the amount of money various US agencies allocate to the world's poorest, this debate is taking on a new urgency. And a response from the Islamic world – the recipient of much of America's aid in recent years – may hold important lessons for devising the best way forward.
Simply put, Western countries' current approach is not working. This can be seen most clearly in my country, Pakistan. Despite massive increases in aid dollars in recent years, including billions authorized by former President Barack Obama, those of us on the ground are largely cut out of the delivery process. There are roughly 70 separate local aid offices and 40 international NGOs involved in providing aid to Pakistanis. But most decisions about how to spend the money they receive are made outside the country.
Aid recipient countries like Pakistan are at the bottom of the international development food chain. Budgets are prepared in offices far from the intended site of delivery, and bilateral and multilateral programs often establish priorities (like health care, schooling, or poverty reduction) without much input from the receiving country.
Yet, because beneficiary governments are so hungry for aid dollars, they are usually all too eager to follow the agendas prepared by donors and their contractors. They say yes to the conditions and the studies and the evaluations. And they acquiesce when told where and how to allocate funds. Local partners can only pick up the crumbs at the end of a long process involving too many “experts,” making recipients feel disenfranchised and unable to see a better future.
But, rather than simply cutting aid, as the Trump administration seems intent on doing, what the US should consider is reordering how – not if – it delivers aid. And it is here, in the bottom-up approach being tested in parts of the Islamic world, that important lessons can be gleaned.
The void created by the shortcomings of Western aid programs has produced homegrown solutions in places like Pakistan, where socially minded, entrepreneurial religious leaders – mullahs – are increasingly making their presence felt. These key community members offer Muslims a clearer vision of a better life than Western aid agencies ever could. People relate to mullahs and believe in what they are offering. This trust is something Western donors have never placed a premium on earning.
In Pakistan, mullahs raise funds from their communities and from official and private donors in the wealthy oil-producing countries. Unlike funding from, say, the US Agency for International Development, recipients are not burdened with consultancy fees or mandatory spending evaluations. There are no policy matrices, controlled surveys, or field reports to file. There is just cash, raised through a religious channel and funneled directly to the programs and communities that need it.
Throughout the Muslim world, self-motivated, entrepreneurial mullahs have operated without bureaucrats and hardship allowances, five-star hotels, or business-class tickets. Not all of their efforts are altruistic; in a few instances, crowd-funding and informal networks have benefited terrorism. Just like American voters who supported Trump, not every Muslim is an assiduous fact-checker. But in the vast majority of cases, mullah-led efforts have raised cash for schools, hospitals, and other services that Western aid money has failed to deliver, while shaping how Muslim communities develop.
Demand for this alternative vision of aid has increased with the evident failure of the modernization-based development paradigm. While Western experts peddling bureaucratized solutions enforced superficial modernity, based on dress, language, and lifestyles, many Muslims saw no real benefit in the form of expanded economic opportunity and greater social mobility. So they sought, and established, their own solutions.
The economist William Easterly has argued that the best way to reform international development is to shift money from top-down “experts” to “bottom-up searchers – like Nobel Peace Prize winner and microcredit pioneer Muhammad Yunus – who keep experimenting until they find something that works for the poor on the ground.”
That, I would argue, is exactly what mullahs are doing in the Islamic world. Development is most successful when it emerges from solutions that are identified, tested, and sustained locally, not when Western agencies and technocrats spend huge sums on top-down approaches.
Today, a new breed of Muslim “searchers” is offering bottom-up development solutions. As the mullah-led development model continues to spread in the Muslim world, “experts” in the West would do well to understand the reasons for its success.
Portraying Donald Trump as an incompetent, ignorant blowhard may reassure his opponents, says Mark Leonard, Director of the European Council on Foreign Relations, but it could be a trap. When Margaret Thatcher came to power, she, too was mocked, yet she cast the Labour opposition into the political wilderness for almost two decades.
Transcript
Could Alec Baldwin, the actor who impersonates Donald Trump on the comedy show Saturday Night Live, turn out to be the president's most useful ally?
In my view, those who see Trump as a laughingstock because of his unhinged tweetstorms, blatant lies, and racist and misogynist pronouncements fail to get to grips with the essence of Trumpism.
Part of the problem may be that Trump has been on both sides of several major debates, causing many to dismiss attempts to establish an ideological foundation for Trumpism as hopelessly oxymoronic. But it's happened before.
When Margaret Thatcher came to power nearly 40 years ago, conservatives and liberals alike failed to see the revolutionary politics behind her blonde hair and shrill voice. Like Trump, Thatcher was no philosopher, but she surrounded herself with people who refined the ideology and policy program that was eventually called Thatcherism.
The left-wing magazine Marxism Today was the first to recognize the significance of Thatcher's political project. Its then-editor, Martin Jacques, recently told me why she was so frequently underestimated: The focus on the performance of political parties obscured much deeper changes in society.
Trump, like Thatcher before him, articulated the frustration and anger of a large segment of the working class. And he, too, has attracted ideologues, notably Stephen Bannon, the former executive chairman of the far-right Breitbart News. Bannon defines Trumpism as a movement that aims for economic nationalism, national security, and the deconstruction of the administrative state.
Jacques argues that the British Labour Party's failure to come to terms with Thatcherism kept it in the political wilderness for almost two decades – until Tony Blair's New Labour aligned the party with the new regime.
This bodes ill for Trump's opponents, who remain so distracted by his apparent lack of leadership skills, that they have yet to grasp the depth of the divisions and neuroses in America that his victory has exposed. If they fail to engage seriously with the forces that brought Trump to power, not even impeachment – and certainly not Baldwin's mocking impersonations – will be enough to put the genie of Trumpism back in its bottle.
Now through Dec. 18, ConnectiCare will be collecting winter gear at its ConnectiCare Centers to help teens who were displaced after Hurricane Maria.
New hats, mittens, boots, gloves and scarves will be accepted and donated to kids who recently transferred from Puerto Rico to three Connecticut high schools:
Bulkeley High School, Hartford
Crosby High School, Waterbury
Warren Harding High School, Bridgeport
Local donations may be left at 451 Main Street, Bridgeport.
Donations will be distributed to Crosby High School on December 19; Bulkeley High School on December 20; and Warren Harding High School on December 21.
***Rescheduled to Aug. 22***
Regular commission meetings are typically scheduled for the first and third Tuesday of each month, while commission zoning meetings are scheduled for the third Tuesday of each month.
Public hearings, special...
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – The man shot and killed during an altercation with police on Thursday has been identified.
A drug investigation turned violent Thursday afternoon near Carey and Derby Avenues. LMPD Chief Steve Conrad said Thursday that a narcotics investigation led to a traffic stop in the Buechel area, and things escalated quickly.
>>PREVIOUS STORY: LMPD officer shot during drug investigation; suspect killed
One officer was shot but is expected to be OK.
Two suspects were shot, one was killed. The suspect that was killed was identified as Alexander Simpson, 32. According to the Jefferson County Coroner's Office, he died of multiple gunshot wounds to the torso and lower extremities.
Court documents confirmed that Simpson pled guilty to burglary, possession of a forged instrument and probation violation in August 2017. He received a three year suspended prison sentence and five-years probation.
In February 2017, Simpson was arrested and charged with failure to maintain required insurance after a traffic stop on Dixie Highway, according to police documents.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
The second suspect has not been identified.
LMPD's Public Integrity Unit is investigating.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Lakeside Park Beach in Port Dalhousie is looking like a beach again. After high water levels and flooding in the spring damaged the beach area and left it unusable for much of the season, people were back Monday enjoying a warm August afternoon of sunbathing, swimming and building sand castles.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- Oklahoma's star freshman Trae Young had been off his game but was starting to find his stroke when Texas guard Matt Coleman took a pass, stepped out and swished a 3-pointer before heading back up the court and waving his hands to urge the home crowd to get on its feet.
Then came another long jumper. Then a tough layup.
Even a missed dunk fired up the crowd by the sheer aggressiveness of the move. Coleman's burst sparked a second-half rally as Texas stormed back late and closed the game with a 22-8 run to beat the No. 12 Sooners 79-74 on Saturday.
''I see every game as a gift and an opportunity,'' said Coleman, who finished with 22 points. ''That was probably the turning point of the second half. We were down 10 and I felt like our sprit wasn't great. We just needed something, a stop or block or steal or dunk or something to get us over that hump.''
Texas coach Shaka Smart leaned on his guard in a timeout to find a spark for his team.
''I told Matt if we play with spirit, we will win the game,'' Smart said.
Coleman's biggest mental test came when he made four consecutive three throws in the final two minutes. They helped clinch a victory that came after he missed three free throws late in a loss at Texas Tech just a few days earlier. Texas missed 13 free throws in that loss, but made 13 in a row in one stretch against the Sooners.
Kerwin Roach II added 19 points for Texas (15-8, 5-5 Big 12).
Young, the national scoring leader, came in averaging 30.3 points, but finished with 19 on 7-of-22 shooting and made just two 3-pointers while guarded mostly by Coleman and Roach. He also had 14 assists. The loss kept the Sooners (16-6, 6-4) from pulling into a three-way tie atop the Big 12 with Kansas and Texas Tech.
''I don't think I got a rhythm,'' Young said. ''All my shots were short or long. They were all online.''
Sleep aids linked to the deaths of 12 babies have been pulled from Tesco shelves.
eBay has also withdrawn the items from sale, but other British supermarkets and high street retailers as well online firms are still selling the baby sleep positioners.
Tesco and eBay say they have stopped selling the baby sleep positioners, which have been linked to 12 deaths in the US, with Mothercare reportedly following suit.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had previously advised parents not to use the products, and renewed its advice this week, re-emphasising its warning that the pillows can cause newborns to suffocate.
The sleep positioners, also called “nests” or “anti-roll” cushions, are supposed to help babies to get to sleep, but instead there are fears that they could cut off a baby's oxygen.
According to the FDA, the deaths occurred when babies rolled from their sides onto their fronts before they stopped breathing.
The Lullaby Trust (www.lullabytrust.org.uk), a cot death charity which advises the NHS, offers an advice sheet which states: “There is no need to use any type of equipment or rolled up blankets to keep your baby in one position unless you have been advised by a health professional for a specific medical condition.
“It is much safer for your baby to be in their cot with just the sheets or blankets, and no extras which could be pulled over their face or cause an accident.”
HONOLULU — The Latest on Hawaii's ongoing legal challenge to the Trump administration's travel ban (all times local):
12:30 p.m.
Lawyers representing Hawaii in the state's long-running fight against Trump administration travel bans have filed a motion seeking to challenge the latest version of the policy.
Hawaii filed a motion Friday asking a federal judge to lift his order halting the state's previous lawsuit.
Hawaii says it wants to file an amended lawsuit targeting the third travel ban.
The latest travel ban removes Sudan from the list of affected countries and adds Chad and North Korea, along with several officials from the government of Venezuela. It's scheduled to take effect Oct. 18.
State Attorney General Doug Chin said the new ban still discriminates on the basis of nationality, exceeds the president's legal authority and seeks to implement his Muslim ban.
Chin has been challenging President Donald Trump on travel bans since February, after Trump sought to bar new visas for people from seven mostly Muslim countries.
Reuters content is the intellectual property of Reuters Limited. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Reuters content, including by caching, framing or similar means is expressly prohibited without the prior consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Reuters, the Reuters Logo, and the Sphere Logo are registered trademarks of the Reuters group of companies around the world. For additional information on other Reuters Services please visit the Reuters public web site - http://www.reuters.com.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Michael J. Armstrong, Associate professor of operations research, Goodman School of Business, Brock University
Many Canadians and Americans are enjoying the fireworks in the sky this week. But Israelis are instead worrying about other kinds of aerial fireworks.
Since April, Palestinian protesters have been flying fire-carrying kites and balloons across the Gaza-Israel border to set fields and forests ablaze. They've also launched Gaza's first significant rocket attacks since 2014.
These events are reminders that Israel and Gaza are only one incident away from war. If full-blown conflict were to erupt, recent research suggests Israel's defences would minimize its casualties. However, Israel could not completely stop the attacks or their financial drain.
Kites versus quadcopters
The weaponized kites resemble children's toys floating in the sky. But they carry burning charcoal or oil-soaked rags across the Israel-Gaza border to ignite fires wherever they land.
These unplayful toys are increasingly sophisticated. Some now include time fuses that delay ignition until they cross the border. A few carry explosives instead of fire. Helium-filled balloons and condoms are replacing some kites because they fly farther into Israel.
By mid-June, protesters had launched more than 600 kites and balloons, igniting 412 crop and forest fires. No injuries have been reported. But more than 3,200 hectares (32 square kilometres) of farmland and forests have burned. Agricultural damage is estimated at around US$2 million and firefighting expenses at US$550,000.
The Israeli Defense Forces' (IDF) initial response followed the toyland theme. Drone-hobbyist soldiers started ramming the kites with radio-controlled quadcopters.
They can intercept kites within 40 seconds of detection and are downing two thirds of them. But many still get through.
Rockets and airstrikes
In late May, the Palestinians abruptly enhanced their attacks by firing 188 rockets and mortar shells into Israel. That barrage came as a shock, as rocket firing had been rare since 2014. Only 75 flew into Israel from 2015-2017.
The IDF response has also grown stronger. In June, its military drones began firing warning shots near the people making kites. When that failed to deter them, it launched airstrikes on Hamas military facilities in Gaza.
On June 19, 2018 we saw an ominous new escalation sequence. Kites and balloons ignited 20 fires in Israel that day. The IDF retaliated that evening by bombing three targets in Gaza. Militants there then launched 45 rockets and mortar shells, six of which landed in Israeli towns. The IDF finally bombed another 20 targets.
Simple weapons, costly impacts
Both rockets and kites damage property. During Israel's Operation Pillar of Defense against Gaza in 2012, the direct damage per rocket fired at Israel averaged around US$9,800. It was about US$8,400 during 2014's Operation Protective Edge.
By comparison, kites each inflict only about US$4,200 in direct losses. But they cost very little to make.
Kite fires mostly worry farmers, foresters and firefighters near Gaza. But rocket attacks hurt tourism and business activity across Israel. That leads to much larger indirect costs. The country's economy lost about US$30 million per day during Pillar of Defense and US$24 million daily during Protective Edge.
Also, the kites have not provoked (so far) an expensive Israeli military operation. Pillar of Defense's airstrikes and rocket interceptions cost the country US$54 million daily. Protective Edge added ground assaults and cost US$59 million daily.
Put another way, each rocket and mortar shell Gaza fired during Pillar of Defense resulted in about US$490,000 of damage, lost business and military expenses in Israel. That soared to US$750,000 each during Protective Edge. Those are big numbers for such small weapons.
Declining casualties
By contrast, Israel's casualties per rocket were small and declining. In 2012 one Israeli civilian died on average for every 271 rockets fired. By 2014 there was one death per 1,484 rockets. The average number of rockets needed to injure one Israeli similarly jumped from 5.5 to 35.
The rockets themselves did not become less lethal. Rather, Israel's defences improved. Iron Dome batteries intercepted more rockets, while sirens and shelters protected more civilians. Otherwise, Israeli rocket injuries and deaths during the 2014 conflict could have been 2,200 instead of 85.
Israel spent heavily to achieve that. It has the second highest per capita military spending in the world. (U.S. military aid helps: US$3.8 billion this year.) It expended billions of dollars developing, deploying and reloading its Iron Dome rocket interceptors. (U.S. funding covered US$1.3 billion.) It spent another half billion dollars upgrading civil defences.
In effect, the country's defence investments replace human losses with financial ones. The falling casualties and rising expenses make the financial side of aerial attacks relatively more important. Much like the kites, rockets now make Israel bleed mostly cash instead of blood.
Protective Edge, for example, cost the country some US$3.5 billion. But the conflict involved just five rocket and mortar deaths over 42 days. (That's still five too many. But traffic accidents in 2014 killed six times as many Israelis over similar periods.)
Smouldering frustrations
Overall, Israel's high-tech defences protect its people but not its finances. They reduce the impact of Gaza's low-tech aerial assaults but can't completely stop them.
Ironically, Israel's defensive success hinders its diplomacy. Its low civilian casualties make it difficult to get international support when its F-16s bomb Gaza. Similar controversy may arise if it starts shooting Palestinian kite-flyers.
Gaza faces its own problems. Its kites and balloons inflict visible damage and inflame tensions. But they risk dangerous escalation. Its rockets could inflict enough casualties to provoke massive Israeli retaliation and expenditures. But they can't truly threaten Israel's livelihood or existence.
All this means more frustration for the already frustration-laden Israel-Gaza standoff.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/gazas-fire-kites-and-balloon-bombs-ignit https://theconve
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File). FILE - In this May 16, 2012, file photo, the Facebook logo is displayed on an iPad in Philadelphia. Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, a data-analysis firm that worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, over...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on Cambridge Analytica's use of Facebook data (all times local):
4:10 p.m.
Data from the Federal Election Commission show that Cambridge Analytica, the firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining Facebook data, earned $5.9 million in 2016 from the campaign to elect Donald Trump for president.
Cambridge also earned $5.8 million from Sen. Ted Cruz's failed presidential campaign.
Cambridge is under increasing scrutiny after newspapers reported the firm obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their knowledge to subject them to political messages. The company is funded in part by Trump supporter and billionaire financier Robert Mercer.
Facebook suspended the company from using its services Friday, hours before the reports came out.
In total, Cambridge Analytica earned more than $16 million from 2014 to 2016 from nearly 20 Republican candidates and political committees.
___
3:55 p.m.
A newspaper editor says Facebook had threatened to sue The Observer and its sibling The Guardian over its investigation of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm, Cambridge Analytica.
Stories in The Guardian and The New York Times detail how Cambridge Analytica used an app to obtain user data on some 50 million people without their knowledge in order to subject them to political propaganda. John Mulholland, The Observer's outgoing editor, discloses the lawsuit threat in a Friday tweet .
A Facebook spokesman says the company sent a letter to the Observer to make the case "that this did not represent a data breach." He didn't respond to questions about whether Facebook threatened legal action.
___
3:40 p.m.
Facebook makes it easy for advertisers to target users based on nuanced information about them. But experts say it's difficult to conclude whether data collection by a Trump-affiliated political firm, Cambridge Analytica, influenced the election.
Jonathan Albright of Columbia University says for this to change Facebook would have to reveal the questions on the psychological profile quiz - or quizzes - that its users took. Then researchers could begin to determine how this data was used to target people.
McKenzie Funk, an Open Society fellow and journalist, has outlined how Cambridge Analytica could have used such psychosocial profiling. In a November 2016 op-ed in The New York Times, he writes that President Donald Trump's digital team used hyper-targeted posts to serve different ads to different potential voters, "aiming to push the exact right buttons" at the right time.
___
3:15 p.m.
Facebook says it has hired an outside firm to audit Cambridge Analytica regarding the reported data scraping of as many as 50 million user accounts.
Facebook said on Monday that Cambridge has agreed to give the digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg "complete access to their servers and systems."
The audit, Facebook says, is to determine if the Facebook data the Cambridge collected still exists or if it's been destroyed.
Facebook has also approached two other individuals - former Cambridge employee-turned-whistleblower Christopher Wylie, and University of Cambridge professor Aleksandr Kogan, who did the scraping - to submit to audits as well.
Cambridge denies keeping data from Kogan's work. Facebook said it would be a "grave violation" of its policies if the data still exists.
___
1:15 p.m.
Experts are saying that Cambridge Analytica, the political firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining data from Facebook, isn't alone in its data-mining capability.
Robert Ricci, a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media, says what makes this case more insidious is its connection with possible elections meddling, something Facebook has been under scrutiny for.
Ricci says marketers are already using similar profiling techniques to sell products and services. What's different here is the use of data to try to influence who you are voting for - or whether you are voting at all.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
___
1 p.m.
The head of the European Union's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Antonio Tajani tweeted on Monday: "Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account." Tajani, who is president of the EU parliament, hasn't provided details.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case.
___
12:35 p.m.
Facebook is having its worst trading day since 2012 as details emerge about how a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election.
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said Monday on NBC's "Today" that the group identified voters who might be swayed and "injected content" that may or may not be true. Late Friday, Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
Facebook shares sank $13.43 in midday trading, putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector, with fears rising of increased government regulation.
Alphabet, Google's parent company, lost almost 3 percent and Microsoft fell almost 2 percent.
_______
11:30 a.m.
A former employee of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm says it used algorithms that "took fake news to the next level" using data inappropriately obtained from Facebook.
Chris Wylie says the firm, Cambridge Analytica, secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
He says the firm used "informational dominance" to capture every channel of information around a person to surround them with curated information, changing their perception of what's actually happening.
In an interview Monday on NBC's "Today," Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people.
While Wylie said he doesn't know to what extent Trump's campaign used the techniques, he said Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Trump even announced his run for office.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Kate Phillips is one of the break-out stars of The Crown as Winston Churchill's starstruck secretary Venetia Scott – and if you don't know what happens to her character, it might be best to look away now.
Poor Venetia, who hero-worships Churchill (John Lithgow), is a shock victim of The Great Smog of 1952 in episode four when she is mowed down by a bus as she hurries to Downing Street with an urgent message. That's a twist we totally didn't see coming: it seemed more like she was heading for a passionate affair with her boss, from the way they were looking at each other.
Her death brings the Prime Minister out of his stupor, inspiring him to finally address the crisis.
So was that really the case back in the 1950s? Did Venetia Scott actually exist? Well, no.
The earnest secretary who memorises Churchill's autobiography and struggles through the smog to work is actually one of The Crown's few invented characters, adding a dose of warmth to a chilly Downing Street. Her life and death are both fictional.
The Great Smog itself was certainly a real event, though. London was enveloped in a blanket of thick, poisonous smog for several days, leading to thousands of deaths and overburdened hospitals.
But the “pea-souper” was less of a political crisis than The Crown makes out, so a dose of Venetia Scott adds tragedy to what was otherwise a devastating but undramatic event.
You might recognise Phillips as Wolf Hall's Jane Seymour, or remember her from her roles in Peaky Blinders and War & Peace – but it will be hard to forget her all-too-brief stint in the 1950s Downing Street, dodging Churchill's bathwater…
HARARE, Zimbabwe — Rugby's world governing body has intervened after Zimbabwe's national team was forced to sleep on the street in Tunisia after problems with accommodation and visas.
World Rugby tweeted that “we are aware of an issue regarding the Zimbabwe team ahead of their Rugby Africa Gold Cup match on Saturday. We have received firm assurances from Rugby Africa that the issue has been quickly and effectively resolved.”
Zimbabwe's rugby team, nicknamed the Sables, is in Tunisia for a test match in Beja that forms part of the 2019 World Cup qualifying campaign.
The Sables had landed in the North African country on Monday night directly from Kenya, where it narrowly lost 45-36.
The team was initially delayed for hours at the airport in Tunis because it did not have the required 600 euros to pay for visas, then later declined to check into a hotel the squad deemed substandard. Players then slept outside the same hotel.
Bitcoin Price Hits 10-Day Low As Crypto Markets Tumble
Bitcoin prices continued to edge lower after setting a new all-time high this weekend. Other cryptocurrencies saw a similar shift into the red today.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OWINGS MILLS, Md. — Now that he can see clearly again, Baltimore Ravens defensive tackle Brandon Williams is ready to resume his lucrative NFL career.
Williams has an eye disease called keratoconus, a degenerative disorder which warps the corneas and can potentially cause blindness if left untreated.
“It started to hinder my seeing the board when we went over plays, so I had to get it fixed,” Williams said. “Once it starts messing with your craft, your career, you definitely have to put your attention on that before you do anything else.”
The condition is rare, and there is no cure. But it can be controlled by surgery.
“I was scared,” Williams acknowledged, “but also relieved that there was a treatment out there that could help me.”
The procedure is called cross-linking, which limits the progression of the disease by strengthening the corneas. Williams had surgery on his more troublesome left eye before the 2017 season and had the right eye corrected earlier this month.
And now, the 340-pounder is eager to do his part to help the Ravens get back into the playoffs after a three-year absence.
“I can do everything I used to do,” Williams declared. “Nothing is stopping me.”
That's good news for the Ravens, who gave Williams a five-year, $52.5 million contract last year. Selected out of Missouri Southern State in the third round of the 2013 draft, the 29-year-old has been a vital cog in a Baltimore defence built first to stop the run.
Williams missed four games with a foot injury last year. The Ravens went 1-3 without him and 8-4 when he was in the lineup.
“He's the main piece for our defence,” Baltimore coach John Harbaugh said.
Rajesh K. Rajpal, M.D., founder of See Clearly Vision Group in Virginia and an expert on laser eye surgery, performed both operations on Williams' eyes.
“It almost always affects both eyes — 98 to 99 per cent of the time — but usually one eye will be more severe,” Rajpal said. “Now that both eyes are done, Brandon should be fine. But we will continue to monitor him to make sure it doesn't get worse.”
Williams wears contact lenses to aid his vision, but removes them on game days.
“In his case, the lenses he's using allow him to function well enough in day-to-day activities,” Rajpal said. “During the football season, he plays without the lens because he doesn't want to take a chance of getting something beneath the lens and damaging his eye. That's OK, because he's doing things up close and a lot of it is about feel.”
Rajpal added: “A baseball pitcher or a batter, it would be really tough for them to function without the contact lenses if they have this condition.”
St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Tommy Pham has undergone cross-linking and wears contact lenses on the field.
When Williams first experienced blurry vision, he figured he needed LASIK surgery. But Rajpal says LASIK would actually further thin the cornea.
“When we're doing the testing for LASIK, we do corneal topography, which maps the corneal curvature,” Rajpal said. “If keratoconus is significant enough, we offer the cross-linking.”
If left untreated, the disease can be dangerous.
“Then we have to a corneal transplant,” Rajpal said. “Fortunately, the vast majority don't completely lose their vision.”
Williams nevertheless knows he avoided a potentially life-changing situation.
“I am thankful for having my sight,” he said. Then, with a chuckle, he added, “I don't have to be blind, so that's a plus.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
HONOLULU (AP) — A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was “100 percent sure” at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word “exercise” repeated several times.
The man said it felt like he had been hit with a “body blow” when he realized it was just a drill and he has had difficulty eating and sleeping since.
“I did what I was trained to do,” he said. “I just feel bad about what I put the public through as far as panic is concerned.”
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counseled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
“When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message,” he said.
The man said didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, “exercise, exercise, exercise.”
“I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'” he said. “I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers.”
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
“The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have,” retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
He was released by Crystal Palace last month, but goalkeeper Kleton Perntreou has a new club.
The shot-stopper has signed for National League South side Welling United, having been released by the Eagles after the closure of the summer transfer window.
Perntreou, who was born in Albania but grew up in Greece, moved to England in 2012 and had a trial with Bristol City, featuring for their U18 side before joining Scottish side Hibernian.
He made his senior debut for Hibs in the Scottish Championship in the 2014-15 season as a substitute against Cowdenbeath, before starting the next game against Queen of the South.
However, he made just the two senior appearances for Hibs, before being released at the end of the season.
He then signed for Palace in 2015, but spent the majority of his time at the club with the Eagles' U23 side and was released last month after failing to make a senior appearance for the side.
But now, he has signed for Welling, who currently sit 11th in the National League South.
In the second episode of The Vermilion Sports Podcast, sports editor Louis Prejean delivers the latest on Ragin' Cajuns Athletics starting with the release of the men's tennis schedule for the fall semester. He announces the tournament names and dates, as well as talks difficulty of the schedule and importance of venue.
Moving on from tennis, Louis tells the news on dual-collegiate athlete Jam Williams and tells a motivational story of Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns senior defensive lineman Andarious Jones. Take a break from the Louisiana sports talk with a brief intermission about the mystery behind the original The Vermilion Soundcloud account being deleted.
Jump right back into the episode with the Ragin' Cajuns men's basketball team making history with their trip to Cuba. Not only will you learn more about what is happening around the Louisiana sports scene, but you will now know some fun facts about the country hosting the men's basketball team.
Listen here, or visit our SoundCloud page:
GYMPIE'S entrant in the 2018 Rural Ambassador Awards, Emily Cunningham, is passionate about raising awareness of women in agricultural industries.
Here, she explains why.
I AM a 24 year old nursing student, currently calling the Gympie region home with my partner and our beautiful son.
Before living in Gympie, I spent most of my life growing up in Kilcoy on a cattle farm.
Over the years, I have been employed in the health/medical sectors, mining and agricultural industries.
Although I have not lived in Gympie Region very long, I once had strong family roots that ran throughout the district.
My great-great-grandmother Hannah "Granny” Brown was one of the very first residents of Tin Can Bay in the early 1930s.
Hannah Brown's son (my great-grandfather) owned the family farm on Old Veteran Road from the early 1900s. In the late 1890s, my Pop Stanley Brown's mother Catherine Brown's parents, John and Eliza Schmidt, ran a cattle farm near Kandanga Creek.
During the 1940s, my Pop and his father Henry Herbet Brown were involved in the cream and mail runs around the district, including Kybong, Ceder Pocket, Wolvi, Widgee, Glatsonbury and Goomboorian.
Growing up, I very much enjoyed attending the local country shows and show balls.
In 2013, I was lucky enough to be awarded Miss Kilcoy Showgirl runner-up. I entered again in 2014 and was privileged to win Miss Showgirl.
In my spare time, I enjoy attending rodeos, country music events, camping and working on the family farm where we run sheep and cattle.
I value spending time with my family and friends, camping fishing, water sports, rugby league, hunting (feral pest management), but most of all, being a mum to my beautiful little boy Abe.
Currently, I am completing my nursing and pathology studies.
My greatest ambition is combining my passions of rural industries and health/medical to become a bush nurse and work alongside the Rural Flying Doctor Service.
This would enable me to provide support and care for rural and remote region farmers and their families.
My reason for entering the 2018 Rural Ambassador Awards is because of my strong passion for bringing agricultural awareness and promoting women within the industry.
Society tends to stereotype the industry and see it as a man's world. However, women play a huge role as well in the agricultural industry.
Many are in fact owner/operators, mothers, wives, doctors, nurses, counsellors and support to family and friends, just to mention a few.
The State final of the Rural Ambassador Awards will be held at the Royal Queensland Show (Ekka) in August.
LOS ANGELES — The way things have been going for the struggling Clippers, it figures a wild finish involving an arcane clock rule would be the way they'd finally win again.
Lou Williams hit a go-ahead pull-up 3-pointer with 1.2 seconds remaining, lifting Los Angeles to a 113-112 victory over the Washington Wizards on Saturday to end a four-game skid.
“Nothing has been easy,” coach Doc Rivers said.
With Bradley Beal guarding him, Williams unleashed the winner from the top of the key, capping a wild final 12 seconds in which both teams traded leads on clutch plays.
“I made a move and Bradley bit on it,” Williams said. “I was able to pull up with one dribble. If I go left, I like my chances.”
After Williams' basket, the Wizards called a timeout.
They inbounded the ball on the sideline with 1.2 seconds left and Beal hit the potential winning baseline jumper, which was waived off because the game clock started a couple tenths of a second too soon.
After a video review, the referees decided to give Washington possession for a replay, except the Wizards inbounded in the left corner with 1.1 seconds on the clock. Marcin Gortat's jumper bounced off the rim as time expired.
Crew chief Bill Spooner told a pool reporter after the game that the referees incorrectly reset the shot clock to 1.1 seconds instead of 0.1. Spooner said the location of the inbounds changed to the point of interruption where Beal caught the ball.
“We had a clock malfunction, early start,” Spooner said in a statement. “The time that they lost was 1.1. With an inbounds at 1.2 that leaves, mathematically, 0.1 and that should have been where we reset it. We actually made the mistake in their favour if you will, and reset it at 1.1.”
Wizards coach Scott Brooks wasn't upset about the mistake.
“I never complain about tough decisions and tough plays at the end of the game that referees have to make,” he said.
Beal called it “a freak rule” and said it didn't make sense because the Wizards had his basket taken away.
“We had a great play, now that you take that away that gives the defence a chance to set up now to change some things,” he said. “Now we've got to go back and try to change into a different play with the ball in the corner. He said we get the same amount of time, but we didn't get the same amount of time. Then the ball was placed in the corner. So I don't really understand it.”
Rivers said he wasn't sure what triggered the review.
“I just wanted it to go in our favour and it did,” he said. “We showed a lot of heart.”
Williams scored 35 points to lead a dominant bench effort for the Clippers. Their reserves outscored Washington's 59-47.
Beal scored 20 of his 25 points in the second half. Otto Porter Jr. had 27 points and 11 rebounds, and Mike Scott had 22 points off the bench for the Southeast Division-leading Wizards.
“This is one of those games that you can't be 100 per cent mad because there was so much freak stuff going on at the end of the game it could have played out any way,” Beal said.
Austin Rivers hit a 3-pointer from the right wing, putting the Clippers ahead 110-109 with 12 seconds left after he missed a 3 in the right corner and Los Angeles controlled the rebound.
“I thought that was going to be the one that won it,” Williams said.
Beal completed a three-point play with 8 seconds remaining to put the Wizards back in front, 112-110. That set up Williams' winning shot after the Clippers had blown a 14-point lead in the third quarter.
Both teams were missing injured stars: John Wall for the Wizards and Blake Griffin for the Clippers.
Neither team led by more than four points in the fourth.
Beal got loose for 16 points in the third. He made four 3-pointers before Porter pulled the Wizards into a 75-all tie on a free throw. The last 1 1/2 minutes turned into a 3-point shootout between Williams and Scott. Each of them hit two 3s and Williams added another basket to give the Clippers an 85-81 lead going into the fourth.
SWEET LOU
Williams is the NBA's leading scorer off the bench and he's been on a roll in his last six games, scoring at least 18 points in each of them. It's the most dominant run of his career that he can recall.
STRANGE START
In an omen to the strangeness of the game, the referees called a foul on the opening tip. “That was the first time I saw that,” said Beal, a six-year veteran. “Why was it a foul versus a re-jumped ball or just their ball?”
STREAKING
The Clippers have won 15 of their last 18 against the Wizards dating to March 18, 2009, including 10 in a row at Staples Center, which is the second-longest active home winning streak against a single opponent.
TIP-INS
Wizards: Wall missed his eighth straight game with a sore left knee. Coach Scott Brooks said Wall practiced Friday and responded well. He will practice again on Monday and be monitored day-to-day.
Clippers: G Milos Teodosic sat out his 22nd straight game because of a left foot injury. He practiced Friday, worked out Saturday and will work again Sunday. Coach Doc Rivers said if Teodosic can get through all that, there's a chance he could play.
UP NEXT
Wizards: Visit Brooklyn on Tuesday night in the finale of their five-game trip.
Clippers: Host the Raptors on Monday night, the last time Toronto will be away for four straight games this season.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
(House Television via AP). In this image from House Television video, House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., pauses as he speaks Wednesday, June 14, 2017, on the House floor at the Capitol in Washington, about the shooting at the congressional baseball pract...
(House Television via AP). In this image from House Television video, House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., speaks Wednesday, June 14, 2017, on the House floor at the Capitol in Washington, as he talks about the shooting at the Republican congressional base...
By ANDREW TAYLORAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played on Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
It's an annual tradition in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities. It's also a somewhat rare example of bipartisanship in an increasingly polarized Washington.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will be played as scheduled, prompting a standing ovation.
Once a relatively cozy affair, played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland, the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park, just a few blocks from the Capitol.
"We do it for really three reasons. We do it for fellowship amongst ourselves. We do it for charity," said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, the longtime GOP manager. "We raise a lot of money for three charities. And we do it because we like to play baseball and try to recapture a little bit of our youth. It's a positive thing. Of all the things Congress does, this is one of the most benign, positive activities."
Members of Congress practice for months for the event, and typically don the jerseys of a team from back home. The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call sponsors the game and awards a trophy once a side wins three of five games.
"It's a good way raise money for charity and for members to get to know each other," said Rep. Cedric Richmond, D-La., whose election in 2010 upended the competitive balance of the annual event. Richmond played baseball in college and kicked off his congressional career with a one-hitter in 2011 and has been the game's dominant player pretty much since then.
Last year, however, Democrats lost the game 8-7, ending a seven-game winning streak that mostly coincided with Richmond joining the Democratic side.
"I was fresh off of surgery, but they made more plays than we made last year," Richmond told reporters. "This was a year we wanted to get even."
Congressional leaders typically attend the event and former President Barack Obama - famous for shunning opportunities to rub shoulders with lawmakers - even went two years ago, watching from the Democratic dugout. Obama's appearance came as he was struggling to win Democratic votes for an unpopular trade-related measure.
___
Online: https://www.congressionalbaseball.org/
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Hidden Truth
RANDOM THOTS
The different chants and responses about separation in Nigeria have both a focus and a source. To this reporter, this whole imbroglio can be traced to the political elites who don't want the control of this country to slip from their selfish grasp.
Pray, why would a Hausa man born in the creeks of Port Harcourt suddenly up his roots and go back to his ‘home-land' in the North? Why on earth would an Ibo man raised in Kaduna all his life relocate to a strange land back in the East? And why would a Yoruba-man who has spent all his life on the banks of Lake Chad in Borno State feel at home in the back-waters of Ode-Omu in Osun State, all because some angry folks are chanting war songs of separation and secession all over the country?
This relocation agenda is not new to Nigeria and it failed in April 1990 when late Major Gideon Orkar and his cronies launched a military coup and ordered every Nigerian to relocate to their ‘states of origin'. It didn't work then because the citizens didn't buy into such a process, and there is little likelihood that it would succeed now.
Nigerians are used to living together and the differences in more than 589 dialects from both major and minor ethnic groups have not affected this synergy. But as long as these same evil political elites – who tried to lure the military into a coup – continue their disruptive agenda, that peace which is a vital pre-requisite for development may prove elusive. The security agencies and government must fish out the war-mongers and bring them to justice, to help keep Nigeria one. Until then, no one is safe…simple truth
– Abimbola Akosile
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAMPA, Fla. — Alex Rodriguez thinks the New York Yankees' “breathtaking” offence could break records this season.
Rodriguez arrived at spring training Monday and had high praise for a lineup led by Giancarlo Stanton, Aaron Judge, Gary Sanchez and Didi Gregorius. A-Rod is a team special adviser who has worked with a number of New York's younger players.
“Happy to be back and see so much talent,” Rodriguez said Monday night. “It's breathtaking.”
The Yankees added Stanton, the NL MVP after hitting 59 homers and driving in 132 last season, in a December trade with Miami. Judge had 52 homers and 114 RBIs in winning the 2017 AL Rookie of the Year Award. Sanchez added 33 homers, and Gregorius went deep 25 times.
“I can't remember a time to see that type of lineup one-through-nine,” Rodriguez said.
Rodriguez and Yankees managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner worked out a deal during the off-season to keep the former slugger involved with the team.
“Love to spend the rest of my life as a Yankee,” Rodriguez said.
Swipe to browse and then play the highlight clips. When find your preferred choice, select the “Vote” button below the highlight clip to cast your ballot. Voting ends at midnight PT on Wednesday; you may vote once per hour.
Here are the National Finals Rodeo second performance results from Friday, Dec. 8, 2017.
Bareback riding: 1. (tie) Tanner Aus on Pickett Pro Rodeo's Scarlet Fever and Richmond Champion on Pete Carr's Classic Pro Rodeo's Fancy Free, 87.5 points, $23,481 each; 3. (tie) Tim O'Connell and Jake Vold, 87, $13,327 each; 5. Jake Brown, 86.5, $6,769; 6. Orin Larsen, 85, $4,231; 7. (tie) Clayton Biglow and Caleb Bennett, 84 each; 9. (tie) J.R. Vezain and R.C. Landingham, 83.5 each; 11. Mason Clements, 83; 12. Ty Breuer, 81.5; 13. Steven Dent, 78.5; 14. Bill Tutor, 78; 15. Wyatt Denny, 73.5. Average standings: 1. Jake Vold, 174.5 points on two head; 2. Tim O'Connell, 172; 3. Orin Larsen, 171.5; 4. Jake Brown, 169; 5. Richmond Champion, 168.5. World Standings: 1. Tim O'Connell, $238,567; 2. Tanner Aus, $170,138; 3. Jake Vold, $151,718; 4. Clayton Biglow, $138,153; 5. Richmond Champion, $134,678; 6. Orin Larsen, $134,202; 7. J.R. Vezain, $130,081; 8. Jake Brown, $119,982; 9. Wyatt Denny, $119,353; 10. Caleb Bennett, $118,793; 11. Mason Clements, $109,441; 12. Bill Tutor, $106,039; 13. Steven Dent, $105,767; 14. R.C. Landingham, $99,261; 15. Ty Breuer, $99,106.
Steer Wrestling: 1. Tanner Milan, 3.5 seconds, $26,231; 2. Tyler Pearson , 4.0, $20,731; 3. (tie) Kyle Irwin and Jon Ragatz, 4.1, $13,327 each; 5. Nick Guy, 4.2, $6,769; 6. Tyler Waguespack, 4.3, $4,231; 7. (tie) Ty Erickson and Scott Guenthner, 4.5 each; 9. (tie) Olin Hannum and Chason Floyd, 4.9 each; 11. Ryle Smith, 5.9; 12. Rowdy Parrott, 6.4; 13. Dakota Eldridge, 7.1; 14. J.D. Struxness, 13.8; 15. Baylor Roche, NT. Average standings: 1. Tyler Waguespack, 7.8 seconds on two head; 2. Tyler Pearson, 7.9; 3. Jon Ragatz, 8.4; 4. Scott Guenthner, 8.8; 5. Kyle Irwin, 8.9. World Standings: 1. Ty Erickson, $173,152; 2. Tyler Pearson, $161,380; 3. Tyler Waguespack, $144,405; 4. Olin Hannum, $120,951; 5. Tanner Milan, $120,304; 6. Scott Guenthner, $117,032; 7. Baylor Roche, $109,340; 8. Jon Ragatz, $108,198; 9. Ryle Smith, $103,463; 10. Kyle Irwin, $103,011; 11. Nick Guy, $99,737; 12. J.D. Struxness, $93,973; 13. Rowdy Parrott, $91,088; 14. Dakota Eldridge, $90,981; 15. Chason Floyd, $88,723.
Team roping: 1. Dustin Bird/Russell Cardoza, 3.9 seconds, $26,231 each; 2. Charly Crawford/Joseph Harrison, 4.5, $20,731; 3. Clay Smith/Paul Eaves, 4.6, $15,654; 4. Dustin Egusquiza/Kory Koontz, 4.7, $11,000; 5. Luke Brown/Jake Long, 4.8, $6,769; 6. Chad Masters/Travis Graves, 5.1, $4,231; 7. Erich Rogers/Cory Petska, 5.3; 8. Jr. Dees/Tyler McKnight, 9.3; 9. Riley Minor/Brady Minor, 9.4; 10. Kaleb Driggers/Junior Nogueira, 22.2; 11. Coleman Proctor/Billie Jack Saebens, Cody Snow/Wesley Thorp, Clay Tryan/Jade Corkill, Tom Richards/Jeremy Buhler and Garrett Rogers/Jake Minor, NT. Average standings: 1. Clay Smith/Paul Eaves, 9.2 seconds on two head; 2. Charly Crawford/Joseph Harrison, 9.3; 3. Erich Rogers/Cory Petska, 10.1; 4. Chad Masters/Travis Graves,10.8; 5. Jr. Dees/Tyler McKnight, 13.6. World Standings: (headers) 1. Kaleb Driggers, $170,208; 2. Clay Smith, $154,402; 3. Erich Rogers, $152,596; 4. Luke Brown, $128,381; 5. Dustin Bird, $114,519; 6. Charly Crawford, $113,821; 7. Riley Minor, $110,818; 8. Jr. Dees, $109,694; 9. Coleman Proctor, $108,033; 10. Chad Masters, $99,739; 11. Dustin Egusquiza, $98,437; 12. Tom Richards, $91,415; 13. Clay Tryan, $91,383; 14. Cody Snow, $89,236; 15. Garrett Rogers, $85,614. (heelers) 1. Junior Nogueira, $170,938; 2. Paul Eaves, $158,519; 3. Cory Petska, $152,596; 4. Russell Cardoza, $136,004; 5. Billie Jack Saebens, $120,930; 6. Jake Long, $119,852; 7. Joseph Harrison, $118,063; 8. Brady Minor, $110,818; 9. Tyler McKnight, $110,105; 10. Travis Graves, $106,649; 11. Kory Koontz, $95,652; 12. Jade Corkill, $91,383; 13. Wesley Thorp, $90,836; 14. Jake Minor, $85,614; 15. Jeremy Buhler, $78,006.
Saddle bronc riding: 1. CoBurn Bradshaw, 89.5 points on Calgary Stampede's Tiger Warrior, $26,231; 2. Sterling Crawley, 83, $20,731; 3. Brody Cress, 82.5, $15,654; 4. Cody DeMoss, 81.5, $11,000; 5. Audy Reed, 78, $6,769; 6. (tie) Jake Wright and Taos Muncy, 76.5, $2,115 each; 8. Jacobs Crawley, Zeke Thurston, Hardy Braden, Layton Green, Ryder Wright, Heith DeMoss, Clay Elliott, Jesse Wright, NS. Average standings: 1. CoBurn Bradshaw, 176.5 points on two head; 2. Cody DeMoss, 167; 3. Sterling Crawley, 163; 4. Brody Cress, 162; 5. Jake Wright, 161.5. World Standings: 1. Jacobs Crawley, $193,927; 2. Zeke Thurston, $184,122; 3. CoBurn Bradshaw, $181,077; 4. Cody DeMoss, $151,657; 5. Hardy Braden, $139,004; 6. Brody Cress, $131,319; 7. Ryder Wright, $125,015; 8. Sterling Crawley, $123,723; 9. Layton Green, $120,613; 10. Jake Wright, $107,527; 11. Heith DeMoss, $102,280; 12. Taos Muncy, $100,517; 13. Clay Elliott, $99,332; 14. Audy Reed, $92,418; 15. Jesse Wright, $86,630.
Tie-down roping: 1. Trevor Brazile, 7.4 seconds, $26,230; 2. Cade Swor, 7.7, $20,731; 3. Marcos Costa, 8.1, $15,654; 4. Cory Solomon, 8.4, $11,000; 5. Tyson Durfey, 8.8, $6,769; 6. Shane Hanchey, 9.0, $4,231; 7. Marty Yates, 9.2; 8. Tuf Cooper, 10.0; 9. Cooper Martin, 10.5; 10. Timber Moore, 10.9; 11. J.C. Malone, 13.9; 12. Matt Shiozawa, 14.1; 13. Ryan Jarrett, 18.6; 14. Caleb Smidt, 24.7; 15. Randall Carlisle, NT. Average standings: 1. Trevor Brazile, 15.30 seconds on two head; 2. Cade Swor, 15.80; 3. Marcos Costa, 16.0; 4. Tyson Durfey, 17.80; 5. Tuf Cooper, 18.40. World Standings: 1. Tuf Cooper, $200,445; 2. Marcos Costa, $165,748; 3. Caleb Smidt, $156,425; 4. Trevor Brazile, $155,856; 5. Shane Hanchey, $138,729; 6. Ryan Jarrett, $132,286; 7. Cade Swor, $127,191; 8. Tyson Durfey, $124,192; 9. Marty Yates, $107,173; 10. Cory Solomon, $106,210; 11. Matt Shiozawa, $103,363; 12. J.C. Malone, $103,068; 13. Timber Moore, $95,962; 14. Randall Carlisle, $95,566; 15. Cooper Martin, $95,438.
Barrel racing: 1. Amberleigh Moore, 13.54 seconds, $26,231; 2. Brittany Pozzi Tonozzi, 13.62, $20,731; 3. Hailey Kinsel, 13.65, $15,654; 4. Nellie Miller, 13.74, $11,000; 5. Sydni Blanchard, 13.80, $6,769; 6. Kellie Collier, 13.83, $4,231; 7. Taci Bettis, 13.87; 8. Ivy Conrado, 13.89; 9. (tie) Tillar Murray and Kathy Grimes, 13.90 each; 11. Lisa Lockhart, 13.96; 12. Tiany Schuster, 14.10; 13. Kimmie Wall, 19.07; 14. Kassie Mowry, 19.24; 15. Stevi Hillman, 23.67. Average standings: 1. Hailey Kinsel, 27.34 seconds on two runs; 2. Nellie Miller, 27.38; 3. Brittany Pozzi Tonozzi, 27.61, 4. Kathy Grimes, 27.75; 5. (tie) Tillar Murray and Ivy Conrado, 27.79 each. World Standings: 1. Tiany Schuster, $260,378; 2. Stevi Hillman, $195,952; 3. Nellie Miller, $177,768; 4. Amberleigh Moore, $157,037; 5. Kassie Mowry, $145,894; 6. Hailey Kinsel, $140,015; 7. Kathy Grimes, $132,785; 8. Brittany Pozzi Tonozzi, $123,660; 9. Sydni Blanchard, $108,131; 10. Taci Bettis, $107,023; 11. Lisa Lockhart, $106,454; 12. Tillar Murray, $102,789; 13. Kellie Collier, $97,569; 14. Ivy Conrado, $92,412; 15. Kimmie Wall, $86,294.
Bull riding: 1. Garrett Smith, 87 points on Rafter G Rodeo's J Lazy, $26,230; 2. (tie) Sage Kimzey and Joe Frost, 86.5, $18,192 each; 4. Trey Benton III, 85.5, $11,000; 5. Jordan Hansen, 84.5, $6,769; 6. Cole Melancon, 78.5, $4,231; 7. Ty Wallace, Tim Bingham, Jordan Spears, Dustin Bowen, Roscoe Jarboe, Trevor Reiste, Guthrie Murray, Brennon Eldred and Boudreaux Campbell, NS. Average standings: 1. Trey Benton III, 175.5 points on two head; 2. Garrett Smith, 172.5; 3. Joe Frost, 170.5; 4. Sage Kimzey, 165.5; 5. Roscoe Jarboe, 87 points on one head. World Standings: 1. Sage Kimzey, $265,345; 2. Garrett Smith, $253,797; 3. Ty Wallace, $167,077; 4. Trey Benton III, $157,702; 5. Joe Frost, $155,925; 6. Jordan Spears, $141,423; 7. Roscoe Jarboe, $133,586; 8. Tim Bingham, $129,515; 9. Cole Melancon, $117,850; 10. Jordan Hansen, $109,429; 11. Trevor Reiste, $107,121; 12. Dustin Bowen, $104,668; 13. Brennon Eldred, $102,991; 14. Boudreaux Campbell, $102,294; 15. Guthrie Murray, $97,288.
Holder Madrid takes on Bayern Munich in the semi-final first leg on Thursday (AEST), in the third last-four encounter between the teams since the 2011-2012 season.
Watch BAYERN MUNICH v REAL MADRID LIVE ONLY on beIN SPORTS
The fixture is the most-played match in European Cup or UEFA Champions League history, with the teams having met 24 times previously, each winning 11 times.
Madrid knocked out Paris Saint-Germain, which smashed the world transfer record to sign Neymar in a bid to bring it closer to the title, in the Round of 16, while Manchester City, the most expensively assembled team in history, lost 5-1 on aggregate to Liverpool in the last round.
Kroos has won back-to-back tournaments with Madrid, having been part of Bayern's treble-winning side in 2012-2013, and he believes such success underlines why no amount of money can guarantee success in the tournament.
"You can't buy a Champions League trophy. If that was the case, we would not have won it so much," he said when asked why Madrid and Bayern are so frequently in the latter stages.
"It's special for a team like Madrid. We have players in condition to play at the highest level. If you have a lot of players with that experience, in these difficult moments, you know what you have to do and you don't lose your nerve. That's what takes us so far.
"This is the only chance we have to win a title. It was similar two years ago and we did it in the end. We're very motivated: winning it three times in a row is something unique.
"We had PSG in the second round and Juve in the quarter-finals. It's not the easiest road."
Kroos believes Bayern has improved throughout the season under his old boss Jupp Heynckes, but he has vowed to "wipe out the good vibes" of the Bundesliga champion.
"I expect a strong team. It's the semi-final of the Champions League. Bavaria is in good form and there's nothing more to say," he said.
"They won the league quite early, but they don't give the impression that they've let their rhythm drop. I think they're in better shape than last year: they had absences then, they didn't have Robert Lewandowski in the first leg.
"Expectation levels at both clubs are similar – you set out to win every competition. Playing in the Champions League is a special motivation for us, as whoever wins in the end can call themselves the best team in Europe. Bavaria will be just as hungry as us.
"With Heynckes, they play more as a team. There are good vibes in the team. We're here to wipe out those good vibes."
LEEDS RHINOS are on a high, but boss Brian McDermott reckons they need to reach another level this week.
McDermott's injury-hit side pulled off one of the club's best wins of the full-time era when they ended Betfred Super League leaders St Helens' 100 per cent record last Friday.
Leeds Rhinos and Castleford Tigers forthcoming clash at Elland Road, Leeds, on Friday 23rd March. Pictured Castleford players Grant Millington and Ben Roberts, with Leeds Rhinos players Jamie Jones-Buchanan, and Kallumm Watkins.
The Grand Final rematch with Castleford at Elland Road in three days' time will be another massive test of the champions' mettle and McDermott admits if Tigers are good, Rhinos will need to do something special to beat them.
Speaking at a press conference to promote this week's game, McDermott said: “It was was a really good win against St Helens, but I don't think Saints were crash hot that night.
“They let us off the hook a couple of times. We could beat Cas with a seven out of 10 performance if Cas are still a bit clunky, but I'm sure they'll bring a level of intensity we've not seen this year.
“If you're talking about that sort of landscape, then we'll have to be really good to beat them, but it's one of those occasions during the early part of the season where you have to test yourselves to find where you're at.
“Even if we get beat by Cas we'll get something from it. These things improve you – the losses improve you, not the wins.
“Certainly when we get beat by Cas we all sulk for a couple of days and then the desire to improve is increased.”
Rhinos were sulking after losing eight successive games against Tigers before turning the tables in last October's Grand Final.
“I know how good they can be,” said McDermott of the 2017 league leaders.
“By [Tigers coach] Daryl Powell's own admission I don't think they've hit their straps yet.
“I don't think any team has. It has been a clunky start for everyone, really, as the weather has had such a bearing on it.
“When they're good they are an extremely hard team to defend against and even when you defend them - don't concede a line break or a try - they stretch you so much that by the time you get the ball you're still putting yourself back together.
“They've been doing that for the last two or three years, certainly against Leeds. Their attack has been really good so that will come this year for them, but we're hoping they're still clunky on Friday night.”
Rhinos are aiming for a Super League record crowd of more than 25,000 and McDermott admitted the game has a big-game feel.
“I think both players and coaches are intelligent enough to work out you're only playing for two points, but it's a decent venue to play at and something other than the norm,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Leeds boss is hopeful full-back Ashton Golding and captain/centre Kallum Watkins will be available for Friday after suffering concussion against Saints.
“They are going through the protocol now,” McDermott confirmed.
“Fingers crossed they get through.”
Brad Dwyer was 18th man for the game four days ago and could be in contention to face Tigers, but McDermott said: “Mitch Garbutt won't be right.
“Brett Ferres, even if he puts his hand up and says he's rehabbed from his injury, he has not played any warm-up games so I don't know if we'll play him.
“Stevie Ward, Sutty [Liam Sutcliffe], Jimmy K [Keinhorst] and Nathaniel Peteru are all still a number of weeks away.”
Getty Image
Gospel legend Kim Burrell ended her 2016 by going on a homophobic rant and calling gay people “perverts.” The singer was at a Houston church two days before the new year and preaching about the gay community on Facebook Live when she said, “You play with the homosexual spirit in God's house and you'll die from it in 2017.” Burrell also called gays “serpents” in the video captured by a viewer. “You as a man, you open your mouth and take a man's penis in your face, you are perverted. You are a woman and will shake your face in another woman's breast, you are perverted,” she went on to say.
The 44-year-old singer later offered up a non-apology for the inflammatory remarks, claiming she never mentioned the LGBT community in her hate-filled sermon and was only talking about sin and preaching to “church people.” As aa result, fans are demanding that Ellen cancel her appearance on the show.
Burrell is currently scheduled to appear on The Ellen Degeneres Show this Thursday with Pharrell for a performance of “I See A Victory,” the lead single from the Hidden Figures soundtrack. Many are now pressuring the daytime talk show host who happens to be gay herself to put the kibosh on Burrell's appearance.
Mac Miller has released three surprise singles, “Small Worlds,” “Buttons,” and “Programs.” The songs are his first sign of new music since 2016's LP, The Divine Feminine, and come after his breakup with Ariana Grande and arrest on DUI charges earlier this month.
“Small Worlds” and “Buttons” follow similar methodology to his past works, the former featuring John Mayer on guitar and Jon Brion on piano, with Miller's sleazy croon bouncing around a slow and steady R&B. “They want to see me gone but I'm here in spite of it all” he says on “Buttons” with similar affirmations throughout telling us he's going to be alright. “Small Worlds” plays with the opposite side, its airy jazz making his hopeless lyrics softer and more approachable: “I can feel my fingers slipping and in a motherfucking instant I'll be gone.”
“Programs” is a stauncher reflection. “I am not talking to you if you don't have love for me” he repeats over darker thumps of bells, piano, and violin. Stream the singles below.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
**PINPOINT WEATHER ALERT**
As of 7PM Monday evening, Winter Weather ADVISORIES have been issued for Columbiana county & Lawrence county for Tuesday into Wednesday. More details on current alerts by CLICKING HERE
*STORM TIMING*
Snow is expected to develop from the south to the north. Expect snow to begin in southern Columbiana county between 11AM and 1PM. The snow is expected to shift north through the afternoon. NOTE: It may take until evening for Trumbull and Mercer counties to see any snow.
Pockets of heavy snow are possible Tuesday evening and overnight into Wednesday. The best chance at heavier snow is to the south of Youngstown. Snow will continue into Wednesday morning and begin tapering off into Wednesday afternoon.
*STORM IMPACTS*
Snow may be heavy at times, especially south of Youngstown. A slushy accumulation of snow is possible on area roads Tuesday night into Wednesday morning. Watch for slick driving conditions by as early as Tuesday evening. The risk for slick roads will be ongoing overnight Tuesday through the morning commute Wednesday. There will likely be enough snow to shovel/plow by Wednesday morning, especially through Columbiana county.
*ACCUMULATION FORECAST*
Minimum: Trace – 2″ — On the northern fringe of our area, accumulation is expected to be lighter. Northern Trumbull & Mercer county will see lighter accumulation, if any accumulation at all.
EXPECTED RANGE: 2″ TO 7″ — A range of 2″ to 7″ is expected with the heaviest snow occurring to the south of Youngstown
Potential for: There is the potential for some localized areas to see upwards of 8″. This threat is greatest to the south of Youngstown.
***For a more detailed view of how much snow to expect, click “PLAY” on the video above.
*THINGS TO WATCH*
1. The track of this storm is important to how much accumulation we see. If this storm were to shift as much as 30 miles south of what data currently shows, we would see much lighter snowfall, with many spots north of Youngstown seeing little if any. If the opposite occurs and it moves north, Heavier accumulations amounts would push further north into Mahoning and potentially southern Trumbull and Mercer counties.
2. One other variable we are tracking is how this low behaves. This storm system will eventually transition to the east coast. Often times when these types of storms develop, models underestimate how fast and strong the coastal low will develop. Should the east coast low rapidly intensify, it can zap some of the energy from the storm in our area which can limit how much snow develops.
We will be closely monitoring the latest data as it becomes available and will have updates to the forecast on 33 WYTV News at 6PM, 11PM, and starting at 5AM for 33 WYTV News Daybreak. You can also catch the latest forecast right here at WYTV.com.
BOSTON — The Columbus Blue Jackets felt like they were lucky to get a victory in their late-season push for one of the Eastern Conference's playoff spots.
Cam Atkinson scored 2:55 into overtime to lift the Blue Jackets to a 5-4 comeback victory over Boston on Monday night for their eighth straight win, spoiling a splendid NHL debut for Bruins forward Ryan Donato.
“We stuck with it and that's what good teams do,” Atkinson said. “It wasn't our prettiest by no means, but we found a way to get two huge points.”
Sonny Milano, Boone Jenner, Thomas Vanek and Artemi Panarin also scored for the Blue Jackets. Nick Foligno and Ryan Murray had two assists, and Vanek and Jenner each added one. Joonas Korpisalo stopped 34 shots.
Columbus moved into a tie with Philadelphia with 85 points, but the Flyers hold the tiebreaker for third place in the Metropolitan Division and the Blue Jackets hold the first wild card in the East. New Jersey,which has the second wild card, is three points behind.
This one, though, may have been the Blue Jackets' ugliest during the current run.
“It just looked like as a whole group we didn't seem to have our legs,” Columbus coach John Tortorella said. “The turnovers hurt us, we turned the puck over quite a bit. But give them credit, they just ended up finding a way.”
Atkinson cut in on the left wing and fired a wrister past Tuukka Rask for the game-winner.
“You see it, there's no traffic in front of you, but there's more clear-cut chances,” Rask said of the 3-on-3 overtime format. “Even that goal there, it looks like he's going high-stick, but it goes under my hand.”
Donato had a goal and two assists for Boston, which moved a point behind idle Tampa Bay for first in the Atlantic. Riley Nash, Brad Marchand and David Krejci also scored for the Bruins, and Rask finished with 20 saves.
“It kind of felt like a dream,” Donato said. “I really didn't really get too warmed up because I was focused everything else.”
The Blue Jackets trailed by two late in the second period before scoring three consecutive goals to take a 4-3 lead.
Just 25 seconds after Nash had given the Bruins a 3-1 lead, Milano redirected Ryan Murray's slap-pass from the right point to pull Columbus within one with just over three minutes remaining in the middle period.
Vanek tipped in a shot from the slot, tying it 5:38 into the third, and Panarin put the Blue Jackets ahead off a faceoff with 8:30 left in regulation.
However, Donato slipped a short pass from the right circle to Krejci, who got the tying goal 20 seconds later while falling to one knee.
Jenner got Columbus on the scoreboard first when he redirected Vanek's pass by Rask 4:15 into the game.
The Bruins scored three straight goals in the second to take the lead. Marchand tied it with his team-leading 31st of the season when he got the puck at the end of a 2-on-1 break, shifted to his right and tucked it behind Korpisalo 5:41 into the middle period.
Donato, a Hobey Baker Finalist after leading Harvard in scoring this season, pushed Boston ahead with a one-timer that slipped inside the near post from the right faceoff circle at 7:28. The leading scorer on the U.S. team at the Pyeongchang Olympics signed a two-year, entry-level contract on Sunday.
Nash's power-play goal increased it to 3-1 as he banged home a rebound from the top of the crease with 3:28 remaining.
NOTES: Boston F David Pastrnak got his 70th point on Marchand's goal, matching his career-high. … Bruins F Rick Nash was a late scratch with an upper-body injury. … The Blue Jackets entered with the league's second-worst power play and went 0 for 2 against the Bruins. … Local Olympians, including eight from the women's Gold medal-winning hockey team, were honoured during a ceremonial puck drop. … Bruins captain Zdeno Chara missed his third straight with an upper-body injury. … Columbus D Seth Jones missed his second straight with an upper-body injury.
UP NEXT
Blue Jackets: At the New York Rangers on Tuesday. Columbus won the only other meeting, 3-1 at home on Oct. 13.
Bruins: At St. Louis on Thursday in the first of a four-game road trip.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — A lengthy shootout has rattled the Mexican resort city of La Paz as police and suspects exchanged extended rounds of gunfire.
The prosecutor's office in the state of Baja California Sur reports there were no deaths, but says five people were arrested and 10 guns were confiscated.
The office said Tuesday that the gunfight occurred after police came under fire from a house on Monday.
Some of the suspects were wanted on murder, drug, weapons and other charges.
Police found eight rifles and 65 ammunition magazines at the house.
Baja California Sur was once a peaceful state home to the twin resorts of Los Cabos, but now has Mexico's second-highest murder rate, at 69 per 100,000 inhabitants.
High school seniors visited an elementary school in southwest Houston in hopes of inspiring children to stay in school and work hard.
Wearing their blue caps and gowns, and with "Pomp and Circumstance" playing, dozens of Madison High School seniors walked through the halls of Grissom Elementary Wednesday morning.
“It's pretty exciting and amazing to see someone graduating already,” said Grissom Elementary student Kayla Amaya.
Young students on either side of the hallways cheered them on, looking up to them in more ways than one.
“I grew up in a school similar to this, in a neighborhood similar to this, so for them to be able to go down the right path, because I know in a neighborhood like this it's kinda hard, so for us to come here, I think it's, you know, just to give them a little inspiration,” said Madison High School senior Eugena Fontenot.
Fontenot was planning to attend Texas A&M University to be a marine biologist.
She, along with the other Madison High School students, graduate Saturday.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
SEATTLE (AP) — From the fourth floor of a striking rainforest-like conservatory built of glass and white steel in downtown Seattle, Amazon.com boss Jeff Bezos turned toward the top of his newest headquarters building to summon his favorite assistant.
In a proud little show on Monday for the media and dignitaries — which also doubled as product placement for Amazon's voice assistant — the world's richest man ordered out loud, symbolically: "Alexa, open The Spheres."
The domed structure is only steps away from the executive office tower where Bezos leads the online retail behemoth. It's part of the company's urban campus near downtown Seattle that is largely made up of unmarked office buildings where more than 40,000 people report to work.
The four-story Spheres structure from the outside looks like three connected glass orbs planted into the ground in a caterpillar shape. Lighting mimics a position near the equator, with 12 hours of shade and sun. During the day, the interior is maintained at 72 degrees with 60 percent humidity, to emulate a cloud forest ecosystem.
Amazon's Amazonesque rainforest-like conservatory is now home to more than 40,000 plants from 50 countries on five continents. Its centerpiece is a 50-foot (15.2-meter) fig tree. Most plants will flower and some can yield fruit, though visitors must keep their hands off all plant life. About 90 percent of the plants were grown and tended to in a suburban greenhouse for years in anticipation for their permanent home in The Spheres.
Though masked by nature, the sleek and minimalist "alternative work space" is also designed to make you forget you're at work, in a startup environment that is rumored to be aggressively demanding.
"The idea is that we connect them with nature. We get them away from their normal desk environment so you don't see any desks or cubicles around," said Ron Gagliardo, Amazon's leading horticulturist.
The corporate office space, however selfie-worthy, is already such a hit that the company had to create a reservation system to contain the flow of traffic for the time being. Employees will have to snag a reservation to get in but it's currently already booked out until April. The building has capacity for about 1,000 people but is more comfortable with about 800 at a time.
Once inside, workers can use nooks with tables and chairs that can serve as a casual meeting space. Coffee breaks can be taken in a cafe and "picnic" area offering an interior reprieve from Seattle's unrelenting rainy season.
Critics have called the Spheres a vanity project, illustrating Seattle's sometimes strained relationship with its largest employer. The company's presence has changed the local economy and raised its cost of living — but none of that was on show at the unveiling of the Spheres.
Instead, Bezos received glowing praise from the governor, mayor and county officials for his recent commitments to the city's homelessness crisis plus a personal donation of $33 million to a scholarship foundation that helps immigrant youth in the country illegally.
Bezos was coy when asked by The Associated Press whether the company's much-anticipated second headquarters to be built in an undetermined U.S. city will have another statement building space like the Spheres, saying: "We'll see."
___
Follow Sally Ho at https://twitter.com/_sallyho
Dr. Mac's Rants & Raves
Episode #280
I've been a fan of the 1Password apps for the Mac and iOS for a long time. I've tried others, but always end up going back to 1Password. In fact, I like it so much, the last time it went on sale I bought a one-year family subscription. (Now, I'm trying to convince my family that 1Password is faster, easier, and more convenient than the macOS Keychain and Keychain Access app.
And, of course, it's much more secure than the Post-It™ Notes on their monitors.
And, even as great as the Mac version is, the version for iDevices is even better since iDevices don't have anything resembling the Mac Keychain Access app, so there's no easy way to find, view, and edit stored passwords on iDevices.
The good news: A new version for the Mac—1Password 7—arrived last week, and it's easily the best version of yet.
But, I'm getting ahead of myself.
For those who don't know, 1Password manages your passwords (and any other information you wish to protect) securely. It's named “1Password” because there's only one password you have to remember—the password that unlocks your encrypted database. That's fortunate since my database (known as a “Vault” in 1Password parlance) has nearly 2,000 username and password combinations, plus serial numbers for hundreds of hardware and software products, credit card numbers and other personal information that requires protection.
Anyway, the first thing you'll notice is the sidebar, which is now cleaner and more compact making it easier to manage and organize stored passwords and other information in your Vault.
Two New (and Appealing) Features
1Password 7 introduces a pair of alerts I find exceptionally useful.
The first one is an alert for sites that offer two-factor authentication that you haven't (yet) enabled. Sweet!
The second new alert is even cooler—it's now integrated with haveibeenpwned.com, so it can alert you if a password has been exposed in a data breach and urge you to change it.
Finally, an existing feature—1Password mini—is better than ever in 1Password 7 on the Mac, automatically detecting the app or website you're using and filling in the proper login and password automatically. Or, you can summon 1Password mini at any time via keyboard shortcut (Command + Option + Backslash), its menu bar icon, or its icon in your browser's toolbar. Once open, 1Password Mini lets you search, copy, or drag and drop items from your Vault without launching the main 1Password app.
Buy or Lease 1Password 7?
1Password 7 for Mac is available as a 1-time purchase or by subscription. You can buy it and deploy it on all of your Macs for $64.99 (currently $49.99 for the launch).
The subscription option lets you use 1Password on all of your Mac, iOS, Android, and Windows devices, as well as sync your data among them for $2.99 a month (single user) or $4.99 a month (family of up to 5).
A 30-day free trial is available for all platforms. So, if you have more than a few dozen logins and passwords, try it. After a few days, you'll wonder how you ever got along without it.
Resources:
1Password 7 for Mac. AgileBits, Inc.
NCAA declares Abuja airport ready for operations
The Director-General, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Mr Usman Muktar, says the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, runway is ready for operation and can be opened on Wednesday. Muktar stated this while speaking with newsmen during an inspection of the airport's runway on Monday in Abuja. The Abuja airport was closed on March 8 for…
The post NCAA declares Abuja airport ready for operations appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The strategy most synonymous with investigative journalism also holds true for retail practices: Follow the money. Come summer, many New Yorkers migrate east, camping out oceanside in Montauk, Amagansett and the Hamptons. They need their shopping fixes. Happily, a handful of permanent and pop-up shops are opening to serve them.
LoveShackFancy, 117 Main Street, Sag Harbor
LoveShackFancy, a label that's known for a particular romantic, vintage-inspired aesthetic (think: crochet dresses and Edwardian lace tops), has opened the doors to its first brick-and-mortar shop, in a shabby-chic refurbished farmhouse from the 1780s.
AYR Beach House, 25 Madison Street, Sag Harbor
Minimalists, take note: AYR, the casual-wear label that specializes in elevated basics, has opened a pop-up for a second season. Beyond its own summer staples, it will carry a selection from the cultish swimwear label Matteau and home goods from Still House.
Reformation Beach House, 85 Main Street, East Hampton
After last year's successful debut in the Hamptons, Reformation is bringing back the Beach House for all of your sand-to-soiree sartorial needs.
Star Trek: The Next Generation had some amazing scripts (well, except for season 1), but none compare to the new script Botnik created. They used their specially trained keyboard system to create a new script for the TV series. The script is wonderfully funny, and it shows the interesting things that happen with language when you feed text from something—in this case, ST:TNG—into a computer and use that as the basis for predictive typing. There's even a Web interface you can try out yourself.
Check It Out: Botnik Creates the Best Star Trek: TNG Script with Predictive Keyboard
Toke Makinwa Advises Women To Stop Fighting Over Men, Fans React
Media personality, Toke Makinwa has an important piece of advice for ladies who fight over men. She shared the quote above via IG minutes ago and wrote; “Straight up 100%. Leave the battling and arguing for the boardroom ladies, leave his a*s, build you an empire and become a Boss!” Source: Instagram
The post Toke Makinwa Advises Women To Stop Fighting Over Men, Fans React appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In announcing the official start to the Harvie Road, Big Bay Point Road, Highway 400 crossing project Wednesday, Barrie Mayor Jeff Lehman said one of the nice things about this project is that there really is no impact on traffic.
“There won't be any impact on traffic”
He says because it's a new bridge there isn't any traffic going through the area right now, “the only impact will be when we tie in at Fairview and Harvie Road.
Lehman says this all reduces existing traffic congestion and also supports development growth. He says after some stellar years for industrial development property sales, the City is in need of more land. Both Bell
Media and Smart Centres own the lands adjacent to Harvie Road – which are zoned industrial and commercial.
This past Barrie City council meeting plans for subdivision on the Bell Media lands were presented. Lehman says “it's going to be great to get thisland to market and spur more economic growth in the south end.”
The crossing is expected to open to traffic in the Fall of 2020
The City says a contract to construct access roads for the utilities along Fairview have been tendered and will be constructed this June. The overall project tender is expected to be advertised soon and construction to begin in the Fall of 2018. Opening to traffic is expected in the Fall of 2020.
By DAVE COLLINS
Associated Press
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) - A federal appeals court has been asked to allow a class-action lawsuit against the Veterans Affairs Department by veterans who say they became ill from radiation exposure after responding to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut filed the request Monday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans who sought disability benefits from the VA but were denied.
The students represent Air Force veteran Victor Skaar, of Nixa, Missouri, and want to expand the lawsuit to include other veterans.
VA officials did not immediately return messages Monday.
Radioactive plutonium was released near Palomares, Spain, in January 1966, after a U.S. B-52 bomber and refueling plane crashed. Four hydrogen bombs crashed, but there were no nuclear explosions.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You might also like
2018 Junior Touch Championship New series
Te Reo: Beginner 0 episodes
FIBA World Cup Qualifiers OnDemand
Te Reo: None 2 episodes
Dates and times of entry (begin/end): 5/30/18-6/5/18
Prize Description:
2 Tickets to Houston Ballet's production of Play
Value of Prize: $160.00
Click2Win Play Tickets!
Contest Rules
ELIGIBILITY AGE: 18
PRIZE REDEMPTION LOCATION: Item available for pickup anytime at the station
NUMBER OF ENTRIES LIMITED TO: 1
LOCATION RESTRICTION: Viewing area
VIEWING AREA LOCATION RESTRICTION: Yes
OMNISPORT
A man who was hurt during violent clashes between fans during Belgrano's match with Talleres Cordoba has died.
Emanuel Barbo was left in a coma in hospital after he was set upon by a group of supporters during the derby match at Estadio Mario Alberto Kempes, according to local media reports.
Broadcaster footage showed the man rushing down the stand to avoid being attacked, before he falls over the edge of the tier onto a concrete staircase.
Belgrano (not Talleres as reported y/day) fan Emanuel Balbo, thrown from a stand during yesterday's Córdoba clásico, has died in hospital. — Sam Kelly (@HEGS_com) April 16, 2017
Another fan, Diego Frydman, was also hurt in the incident, the club said after the match.
"Club Atletico Belgrano is profoundly saddened by the death of Emanuel Balbo," Belgrano said on Monday, describing the news as "a very sad day for the whole sky blue family".
Belgrano called on fans to show "reflection and peace" as they promised to work with authorities "in order for justice to be done for Emanuel".
"This is not about giving effective speeches here, but about in-depth action in the corresponding area," they added. "That is the real and true commitment of this club.
"Our condolences to the family and friends. Rest in peace, Emanuel."
Crazy scenes during the Clásico Córdobes yesterday - supporter thrown from the stands & seriously injured pic.twitter.com/AtBoONyub5 — Peter Coates (@golazoargentino) April 16, 2017
The Argentine Football Association (AFA) condemned the incident and vowed to work with authorities to locate the perpetrators.
"The Argentine Football Association joins with the family of Emanuel Balbo in this difficult and painful moment and strongly condemns the criminal action that occurred in the game between Belgrano and Talleres de Cordoba," it said in a statement.
"This house rejects all these actions, which are those of criminals who deal so much damage to society as a whole and particularly to the footballing family.
"We will offer all possible collaboration with the security services to determine those responsible for this inconceivable aggression, articulating the necessary measures to ensure that incidents such as this do not ever happen again in any Argentine football stadium."
The match between the local rivals finished 1-1, leaving Belgrano second-from-bottom of Argentina's top tier.
WWE Network
WrestleMania 33 is still a few months away. April 2 will cap off a massive WrestleMania week in Orlando, and even though we're still pretty far out, WWE is said to have at least three matches locked in for the biggest show of the year. But they might have locked down more than that, as a new report indicates WWE has decided on a host city for 2018's WrestleMania 34.
Ryan Satin at Pro Wrestling Sheet reports that “multiple sources with direct knowledge” have stated WrestleMania will return to New Orleans in 2018. The Superdome (or Silverdome, if you're Hulk Hogan) was host to WrestleMania XXX, the site of Daniel Bryan's greatest triumph and one of the best top-to-bottom WrestleMania cards of all time.
Pro Wrestling Sheet claims that an official announcement will be forthcoming, and that the Jan. 9 Raw in New Orleans would be a likely place and time to make that announcement. But as with all pro wrestling rumors and reports, please take that with a grain of salt. After all, we all thought Minnesota was locked in to host this year's event … until it wasn't. If the Big Easy hosts Mania for the second time in five years, that's a big feather in their cap. Maybe WWE just likes cities with drive-through daiquiri places.
Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) and Big Spring residents are teaming up for a yearly event aimed at raising money and awareness towards child abuse victims and gaining more advocates in Howard County.
On Feb. 10, CASA will be partnering with local Big Spring race organizer Craig Felty of Permian Basin Events for this year's RUN 2 LOVE 2 RUN.
“Felty organizes runs all around the area,” said CASA of West Texas Marketing Specialist Kathy Harmon. “He contacted us a couple years ago and asked us to work with him on something like this. It's a really beautiful run on Scenic Mountain and it's a nice opportunity for people who like to run to come out and join us.”
This year will mark the third annual run. It's a tradition that takes place every year, the weekend before Valentine's Day.
RUN 2 LOVE 2 RUN organizers encourage all participants to dress in a Valentine's Day-themed costume of their choosing for the costume contest that will be judged immediately following the run.
For the full story, please see Friday's paper.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WESLEY CHAPEL, Fla. (WFLA) – A business owner was arrested on Thursday for illegally running a massage parlor.
According to the Pasco sheriff's office, Shu Ying Ma was arrested for not having a Florida massage establishment license for her business, Ying Yang Relaxation LLC.
The health department made the discovery at the location at 26314 Wesley Chapel Boulevard.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
The limited edition bottles will be sold at the distillery starting June 16. (Source: Maker's Mark)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Maker's Mark is releasing a limited-edition bottle pair, just in time for Father's Day.
The whisky company has a long-standing history of family leadership - with Bill Samuels Sr. passing the presidency down to Bill Samuels Jr. in 1975. Samuels Jr. retired in 2011, leaving his son Rob Samuels as the head of the brand.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
The father and son bottles will be filled with whisky from the last three barrels laid down on Bill Samuels Jr.'s last day in 2011, and the first three barrels from Rob Samuels' tenure starting the next day, according to Maker's Mark.
The whisky company said that each bottle will be a single-barrel offering, to symbolize the brand's consistency from barrel to barrel, and generation to generation.
The 375ml bottles will be packaged together, and sold at the distillery starting on June 16. They will cost $150, according to Maker's Mark.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
At least one person was taken to the hospital after a school bus and a van crashed in Marathon County.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
(WCMH) – Super Bowl Sunday is widely regarded as a big day for food, but just how much do Americans eat?
The National Chicken Council recently released its annual Chicken Wing Report, which projects the number of wings that will be eaten on Super Bowl Sunday.
The NCC projects fans will eat 1.35 billion wings over the course of the weekend. That's a 1.5% increase over last year.
There will be no wing shortage,” said National Chicken Council spokesperson Tom Super. “Whether you're a fan of the left wing or the right wing, there's no debate about America's favorite Super Bowl food. Although we do anticipate an uptick in chicken cheesesteaks.”
If 1.35 billion wings were laid end to end along Interstate 95, they would stretch from Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia to Gillette Stadium in Foxboro, Mass. almost 250 times.
That is enough wings to put 625 wings on every seat in all 32 NFL stadiums.
35 billion wings is enough to circle the Earth three times.
That's 394 million feet of chicken wings – enough that a chicken could cross the road 13 million times.
Americans will eat 20 million more wings this year. If wings were dollars, that would only buy us 2 minutes of commercials during the big game.
The National Chicken Council estimates that of the wings eaten during Super Bowl weekend, 75 percent will come from restaurants or foodservice outlets, and 25 percent from retail grocery stores. According to The NPD Group, the number of restaurants with the word “wings” in their names has grown 18% since 2014.
According to the California Avocado Commission, 139 million pounds of avocados will be consumed during the Super Bowl. That will mostly be in for form of guacamole.
In 2017, Nielsen estimated Americans would spend the following on different kinds of food:
Potato chips – $277 million
Tortilla chips – $225 million
Meat snacks – $99 million
Popcorn – $89 million
Deli salads – $80 million
Cheese snacks – $71 million
Deli sandwiches – $58 million
Salty snack dips – $42 million
Deli platters – $23 million
Vegetable trays – $13 million
Nielsen also estimated $1.2 billion would be spent on beer, $594 million on wine and $503 million on hard liquor.
14:12 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Kinneret stays low despite winter rains Read more
Kinneret at lowest since January 2012 despite heavy winter rains. ► ◄ Last Briefs
PHILADELPHIA — Caleb Wood scored 14 points and Penn moved to 5-0 in Ivy League play by holding off Yale, 59-50 on Saturday night.
The Quakers have hosted Brown and Yale on the same weekend 59 times in its history. They swept the two-game series for the 39th time after beating the Bears 95-90 in overtime Friday night. Penn has beaten Yale 106 times in 133 meetings.
Penn took a 31-25 lead into intermission, and Ryan Betley opened the second half by drilling a 3 and Max Rothschild converted at the basket to make it 36-25.
Antonio Woods finished with 13 points for Penn (15-6, 5-0). Betley added 12 points and Rothschild 10, and AJ Brodeur pulled down nine boards.
Paul Atkinson scored 20 points and grabbed 13 rebounds to lead Yale (9-13, 2-4), but was the lone Bulldog to reach double-figure scoring.
Larry Murphree stands in his garage next to an upside down American flag The flag hangs the flag that way in protest of his condo association's decision to fine him for sticking a tiny flag in a flower pot. (AP Photo/Jason Dearen/file)
In this photo taken July 2, 2014, shows the small flag in a flower pot placed at the entrance of Larry Murphree's home, in Jacksonville, FL, that his condo association has banned him from displaying. (AP Photo/Jason Dearen/file)
JACKSONVILLE, FL (RNN) - Air Force veteran Larrry Murphree said he's had to sell his home at a loss after a dispute with a homeowners association over an American flag.
The legal dispute over the flag has gone on for seven years.
He placed a small flag in a flower pot on the front porch of his condo, First Coast News reported. In response, The Tides Condominium HOA sent him a violation letter, saying the flag was an "unauthorized object."
Murphree decided to fight the group on it, and they assessed tons of fines against his property - $100 a day for the violation.
He filed suit but came to an agreement with the HOA that the flag can be displayed.
Murphree said the HOA then turned around and changed the ordinance to a flower pot ordinance, prohibiting display of the flag inside the flower pot and charging him fees again.
The HOA said he can fly a flag in a flag pole but not in a flower pot, News4Jax reported.
In 2014, the HOA placed a lien on Murphree's property, claiming he hadn't paid his dues when he said he had.
It turns out the homeowners association was using the money that they were withdrawing to pay the fees for displaying the flag in the flower pot, leaving his dues unpaid and allowing them to place a lien on the property for unpaid HOA dues, he told First Coast News.
Murphree also claimed the HOA started harassing him, charging him fees for infractions like not parking in his driveway straight enough.
Though he decided to move to stop the property from being foreclosed on, the legal battle continues, with a his most recent lawsuit going to trial next year, First Coast News said.
Copyright 2018 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
Trump's first Tweet of 2017 and 12 pics from NYE party at Mar-a-Lago
Donald Trump welcomed the new year in the most Trump way possible - on Twitter with a Trump Tweet! Did we expect much less from Donald ...
FRANKFORT, Ky. — Another 1,965 people in eastern Kentucky could lose their federal benefits because of a disgraced attorney who made millions by bribing judges and doctors to OK disability checks for his clients.
The Social Security Administration plans to notify nearly 2,000 people in eastern Kentucky that they will have to defend their status in court. All of them are connected to Eric Conn, a flamboyant attorney who billed himself as “Mr. Social Security” in television ads before his empire crumbled beneath the weight of a federal investigation. About half of those new cases involve Conn and a convicted former administrative law judge, according to Social Security Administration Acting Press Officer Mark Hinkle.
Hinkle said the new cases were identified by the Office of the Inspector General in November. U.S. Rep. Hal Rogers' office said notifications will go out soon, but in a piecemeal fashion instead of all at once. People affected will have a hearing before an administrative law judge to determine if they can keep their benefits. People will have at least 30 days to gather evidence and hire attorneys. Disability payments will continue throughout the redetermination process.
These new batch of cases is in addition to the 1,800 cases associated with Conn's law practice the federal government has already reviewed. Some of them have sued the government seeking to stop those redetermination hearings. That case is pending in federal court.
“It is heartbreaking to witness the tragic impact that Eric C. Conn's fraud scheme continues to have on the lives of people living in Eastern Kentucky,” Rogers said. “While I appreciate notification from the Social Security Administration, I question the need for additional redetermination hearings while litigation is still pending in the federal court system.”
Beginning in May 2015, the federal government suspended benefits for hundreds of eastern Kentuckians associated with Conn, prompting panic in one of the poorest regions of the country heavily dependent on those checks. The government eventually restored those benefits until each person could have a hearing, but not before a few people killed themselves in what family members said was caused by the stress of losing their checks.
Eventually, 1,800 people had their cases reviewed and 1,500 had redetermination hearings. Of those 1,800 initial cases, about 53 per cent kept their benefits “received favourable or partially favourable decisions,” Hinkle said.
Those hearings took more than a year to resolve. Nearly all of the people involved could not afford attorneys, prompting a nationwide search for lawyers who could represent them for free. Robert Johns, executive director of AppalRed Legal Aid, said 136 lawyers volunteered, including 59 from Kentucky.
“We thought we were done with that,” Johns said of those initial 1,800 cases. “We're going to likely be gearing up for the same kind of effort to try to get these (new) folks some help.”
Conn pleaded guilty to federal charges last year. But just before he was supposed to be sentenced, Conn removed his electronic monitoring bracelet and fled. He led state and federal authorities on a chase for six months before he was captured in December at a Pizza Hut in Honduras. He's now back in custody in Kentucky, where he faces more charges.
Ned Pillersdorf, an eastern Kentucky attorney who has represented several of Conn's former clients, said he worried about the impact this second round of notices will have on the region.
“This will hit eastern Kentucky like a nuclear bomb,” he said.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) Before head coach, Dan McDonnell arrived on campus, U of L had never been to the college world series. On Thursday the baseball team will board a plane headed to Omaha for the fourth time in school history. The Cards haven't won a game in Omaha since that first trip to the C-W-S back in '07. A losing streak they would like to snap. " When I think back on some of the losses, other teams played better than us. They pitched better than us. They made some phenomenal plays against us," said McDonnell. "The preparation and work that we've put in all year leads up to this. It's an exciting time, and we're excited to go there. We're not just going there to go. We're going there to win," said third baseman, Drew Eillis.
U of L will start play in the College World Series on Sunday at two o'clock against Texas A&M. The Aggies made it to Omaha by sweeping Davidson in the Super Regional. This is the sixth trip in school history to Omaha for Texas A&M. For relief pitcher, Mitchell Kilkenny, the fact that they're playing on the sport's biggest stage hasn't quite sunk in yet," said Kilkenny.
Copyright 2017 WAVE News . All rights reserved.
The 2018 Heisman Trophy race could be wide open.
There will be no returning winner, with Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield becoming the first senior to win the award since 2006. Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson, the 2016 winner and a finalist this year, is a junior likely to jump to the NFL.
The most likely finalist to return is Stanford running back Bryce Love, though he also is a junior who could declare for the NFL draft.
Penn State's Saquon Barkley finished fourth in the voting, but don't expect the junior to be back. Barkley is a possible top-five pick. The fifth-place finisher, Rashaad Penny of San Diego State, also is a senior.
Southern California quarterback Sam Darnold entered this season as the Heisman favourite, but too many interceptions took him out of the running. Whether Darnold jumps to the NFL is not quite so clear. If he returns, he will again receive Heisman hype.
It could be a good year for a dark horse to emerge, but here are some players who will enter 2018 with Heisman buzz:
Quarterbacks who bypass the draft
Fifteen of the last 18 Heisman winners have been QBs, so there is good chance another will win it next season. Darnold is one of several underclassmen quarterbacks who might decide to enter the NFL draft. But if they do return to school, they would be a good bet to enter the Heisman race. The most prominent are Jarrett Stidham of Auburn, Will Grier of West Virginia and Drew Lock of Missouri.
Travis Etienne, RB, Clemson
Returning starting quarterback Kelly Bryant will get a lot of attention. Etienne, though, has a chance to be a special running back. He is averaging 7.2 yards per carry as a freshman. The talent is there for a huge sophomore season; it's just a matter of touches on what always figures to be a team with lots of good options in the backfield.
Nick Fitzgerald, QB, Mississippi State
New coach Joe Moorhead's offence helped Trace McSorley put up some gaudy numbers at Penn State the last two seasons (6,842 yards passing, 55 TD passes and 18 rushing touchdowns). Fitzgerald, if he fully recovers from a foot injury, is a lot like McSorley — just a whole lot bigger at 6-foot-5, 230 pounds. He needs to become a more accurate passer, but Fitzgerald has run for 2,359 yards and 30 touchdowns the last two seasons. The potential is there for big stats.
Justin Herbert, QB, Oregon
Herbert was on his way to a big sophomore year when he broke his collarbone midway through this season. Without him, the Ducks went 1-4. In the seven games he played, Herbert passed for 1,750 yards and 13 touchdowns and added five rushing touchdowns. The 6-foot-6, 220-pounder could also be working his way toward becoming the No. 1 pick in the 2019 draft.
McKenzie Milton, QB, UCF
Milton has a lot of Mayfield in his game, with an ability to turn a broke play into a huge gain. He will have a new coach next year in Josh Heupel, but theoretically that should not slow down the Knights' offence. Heupel was offensive co-ordinator at Missouri this season and helped Lock lead the nation in touchdown passes with 43. Milton finished eighth in this year's voting.
Jonathan Taylor, RB, Wisconsin
The freshman tailback is third in the nation in rushing at 1,847 yards and 142.08 per game. No team is more committed to the run than Wisconsin. Taylor will be the favourite to lead the nation in rushing next year and likely the focal point of the Badgers' offence. Taylor finished sixth in the voting and depending on what the juniors do ahead of him, he could be the highest-placing returnee.
——
Others to watch: Cam Akers, RB, Florida State; J.K. Dobbins, RB, Ohio State; Justice Hill, RB, Oklahoma State; Jalen Hurts, QB, Alabama; JD Spielman, WR, Nebraska; Khalil Tate, Arizona.
——
Follow Ralph D. Russo at http://www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (WKRN) – Hours after top House Republican Steve Scalise was shot by a rifle-wielding gunman Wednesday morning at a congressional baseball practice, Tennessee Representative Chuck Flesichmann said Americans need to “come together and get this right.”
Tennessee Representative Chuck Flesichmann was among those at the early morning practice.
“We were like sitting ducks in the dugout,” he recalled.
He continued, “It seemed like it went on for quite some time. When I got back into the dugout, with the members there, I realized one gentleman had been shot in the leg and he was bleeding and you could actually see the bullet hole in his leg.”
Flesichmann, who was still wearing his practice clothes and a UT hat, went on to tell ABC News that he did not see the gunman and that he credits Capitol Police and other responding officers for keeping the situation under control.
“A lot more members would have been hurt if they had not been there to return fire,” he explained. “I'm still in shock about this because I have never been fired upon.”
Flesichmann added, “We can't let the bad guys win this thing. We've got to come together as Americans and get this right.”
House Republican, Steve Scalise, was injured in the shooting along with several other people.
President Donald Trump said he was “deeply saddened by this tragedy.”
While addressing the media late Wednesday morning, the president spoke directly to Rep. Scalise saying, “Steve, I want you to know you have the prayers not only of an entire city behind you, but an entire nation.”
Flesichmann has served as a representative for Tennessee's 3rd congressional district since 2011. His district is based in Chattanooga and includes a large portion of East Tennessee.
Nigerians divided, hungry, angry, unemployed – Cardinal Okogie warns FG
Former President of the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Anthony Cardinal Okogie, has lamented the state of the economy. The former Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, in a statement titled, ‘Deprivation and Agitation: A Reflection on Nigeria's Late 2017 Budget,' decried the living conditions of Nigerians. Hide quoted text Okogie said, “Some people do not want […]
Nigerians divided, hungry, angry, unemployed – Cardinal Okogie warns FG
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WELLINGTON, New Zealand — The Christchurch-based Crusaders can consolidate their place atop the Super Rugby table when they play the Hamilton-based Chiefs in an abbreviated 16th round, before the tournament breaks for June internationals.
The Crusaders moved five points clear in first place when they convincingly beat their closest rival, the Wellington-based Hurricanes, last weekend and have the chance to lengthen that lead and extend their winning streak to 10 games against the fifth-placed Chiefs.
The manner in which the Crusaders beat the Hurricanes, while missing six current All Blacks who were either injured or suspended, has led some commentators to declare it a certainty that the eight-time champions will win the title for the second straight year.
Coach Scott Robertson said the victory of a severely-depleted side over the star-studded Hurricanes “was just a very proud night in the Crusaders history.”
“I think the fans weren't sure what to expect and that probably sums it up, the amount of emotion that was shown post-game,” Robertson said.
He said the Crusaders are not taking for granted a win on Saturday in what appears an easier match against a Chiefs team heavily hit by injuries.
“The Chiefs have an extremely good scrum,” Robertson said. “Given their injuries they have done a great job with the players that have come in for them – as have we, so it will be a great battle.”
The Hurricanes must quickly recover from their poor performance against the Crusaders to keep pace with the tournament leaders three rounds from the end of the regular season.
Coach Chris Boyd said any lessons learned from the loss to the Crusaders would not be applicable to the Highlanders, who play a different type of game.
“They kick more than anyone else,” Boyd said. “They're very good at strike play. They're quite prepared to say ‘well you have the ball and we'll knock you over and you make the mistake and we'll pick it up and score.”‘
The New South Wales Waratahs also have a chance to consolidate their lead in a tight Australian conference before Super Rugby breaks for test series between Australia and Ireland, New Zealand and France and South Africa and England.
The Waratahs, who face the Queensland Reds on Saturday, lead the conference by a point from the Melbourne Rebels who meet the Auckland-based Blues in a round from which the South African teams are absent.
Texting has become one of the most common forms of communication. But recently some North Central West Virginia MVB Bank customers have received fraudulent texts asking for personal information.
The messages claim to be from the MVBBKInc Fraud Center, they direct users to click a link and verify changes and then to call a number to reactivate their cards.
Although the scammers are contacting customers, bank officials said they do not believe any customer information has been compromised.
"We believe that it was mobile phone carriers that were targeted, not directly our bank. And it was a regional phishing scam. And we have no indication that any clients personal information was obtained through the bank," said Amy Baker, MVB vice president of corporate communications.
Bank representatives said they work hard to protect customer information, and they'll never ask customers to send sensitive information via text message.
"MVB and any other reputable banking agency would never request personal information from you via text. So that's a clear sign that it's a scam if you receive something like that. So we're thankful to the clients who reached out to let us know that was happening so we could spread the word," said Baker.
If you ever receive a suspicious text, call or email claiming to be from your bank don't respond, instead, contact local law enforcement. It's also important to contact a local branch of your bank so other customers can be notified.
There are only three positions in baseball that have the force of law behind them.
The pitcher really is the pitcher; once he comes into a game, he must face at least one batter before he can be replaced by another pitcher. The catcher really is the catcher; he has to set up in the area behind home plate, and if he's not in that area when the pitch is delivered the pitcher is charged with a balk. And the first baseman really is the first baseman, as he's the only player allowed to wear a special glove. There are rules about where these guys can stand.
Everything else is just a suggestion. As with Ikea instructions, you're totally free to ignore them and build the thing however you like. It might fall apart, but if you can make it work, there's a Pinterest page waiting to celebrate you.
On Monday, when Joey Votto batted in the fifth inning of the Cincinatti Reds' 15-5 loss to the Chicago Cubs, opposing manager Joe Maddon decided to go off book. He sent his third baseman Kris Bryant into the outfield:
We might remember this as a freak show moment, a one-time thing that cutesy Maddon tried because isn't he precious. One-time thing or not, though, it should be taken more seriously than that. Baseball's having a serious conversation with itself right now, and this is an important moment in that conversation. Whether Maddon ever employs a four-man outfield again, we might trace something else back to this moment.
We might also wonder, simultaneously, why Maddon tried it here of all times.
Votto's an odd candidate for the treatment. He's not an extreme fly ball or line drive hitter. His fly-ball rate (40 percent) is five percentage points above the league overall, but trails true flyballers like Joey Gallo (58 percent) and Cody Bellinger (49 percent). Despite an ability to go foul pole to foul pole, he isn't particularly damaging with his fly balls -- at least, with those that stay in the park. His batting average on fly balls in play over the past four years is only .080, which is roughly the league average. He's not a very fast runner, so there's no extra pressure on outfielders to cut balls off quickly to hold him to a single.
By moving an infielder to the outfield, the Cubs took away the chance to put on an infield shift, and Votto is a hitter against whom the shift has been very effective. Over the past three years he has faced 652 shifts, according to Baseball Info Solutions, and hit 53 points lower against the shift than against a more traditional infield alignment.
He was facing Jose Quintana, who is a moderately groundball-oriented pitcher. Quintana is also a lefty, whom Votto is less dangerous against than righties. (Votto had grounded out twice Monday night before the fifth inning.) And, for good measure, Wrigley Field isn't even a spacious outfield. By square footage, it's slightly smaller than the median pastures.
Finally, the Cubs were up by five. They were trading a much higher likelihood of a single for a much lower likelihood of extra bases. The score would say their priorities should have been otherwise.
I can name four points in favor of the call:
With one out and nobody on, a single is a little less harmful than usual and a double is a little more harmful than usual, so the base/out state was favorable.
With a five-run lead, it's a fairly safe time to try something you've always wanted to try.
It's fun, which isn't something you can usually say about facing Votto. Because...
Votto has hit 354/.473/.628 against the Cubs since Maddon took over as manager. At a certain point, a reasonable human is willing to try almost anything.
These are the things you think about when deciding whether it's time for the four-man outfield. I happen to know a bit about it. A couple summers ago, Ben Lindbergh and I ran baseball operations for an independent minor league team. One of our beliefs was that positions are a social construct; one of our hypotheses was that we could do better. In select spots, we used both a five-man infield and a four-man outfield in regular (i.e. non-walkoff) game situations.
The five-man infield was the much scarier call to make. It left a huge part of the field exposed, and if the batter beat the alignment, he wouldn't just get a single (as he would beating an extreme infield shift) but a triple. Realistically, perhaps, even an inside-the-park home run.
The four-man outfield, on the other hand, was fairly low-risk. It would most likely cost only a single if it backfired, and the area that the alignment left exposed (opposite-field groundballs) is one that defenses are generally willing to concede to pull hitters these days anyway. But if it wasn't as scary, it also offered a lot less benefit. While tons of groundballs sneak through the holes in the infield (about a quarter of them), the vast majority of fly balls (about 91 percent) are already caught. The hits that go to the outfield tend to be either line drives in front of outfielders -- for which a four-man alignment like the Cubs used would offer little help -- or dingers, which, ditto.
In both cases, we made the decision because the spray charts told us it would make sense. But the more compelling reason for both the five-man infield and the four-man outfield was that we were facing batters we couldn't think of anything else to do. Our team kept trying to play regular defense against them and we kept failing. So we tried irregular defense. It's allowed!
Maddon's move on Monday night matters because it reminds baseball of those two words: It's allowed. There's no reason to stand three guys in the outfield and four in the infield except that you believe it's the best way to do things. Usually it will be. Virtually, it always will be. But to do it that way, you should believe it's the best way to do things, and to believe that confidently requires constantly reassessing and constantly ruling out the alternative. Because there might very well be exceptions.
My guess is that, within a couple decades, we'll see corner outfielders routinely swap spots depending on who is batting; perhaps corner infielders, too. My guess is we'll see five-man infields when pitchers bat, particularly when the pitcher is expected to bunt. My dumb dream is that we'll see this dumb thing:
Or maybe not. But the key to all of these is the acceptance that the law only has power over three positions. Everybody else is just a fielder, paid to stand where they can catch the most baseballs.
For the record, Votto doubled.
He doubled right past first baseman Anthony Rizzo, who might very well have been shaded that one extra step over if the Cubs had used a regular infield shift instead. Of course, the "regular" infield shift used to be considered pretty irregular, even radical. Nowadays, when the third baseman jogs over and stands in shallow right field, almost as far away from third base as he can go without getting light-headed, nobody even blinks. Third base is just a suggestion.
FG's savings bond allotment drops to N607.3m in June
The Federal Government allotted N607.3 million in its June 2019 and 2020 savings bond sales, a figure that is lower than the N790.85 million it allotted in May, the Debt Management Office (DMO) said.
The allotment results were obtained from its website on Wednesday in Abuja. It said that N271.56 million was allotted at 13.18 per cent with 425 successful subscriptions to mature in June 2019.
DMO also said that N335.7 million was allotted at 14.18 per cent with 496 successful subscriptions maturing in June 2020. This figure indicates a drop in allotments and subscriptions over the past months.
The savings bond introduced in March is targeted at the lower income earners to encourage savings and also earn more income (interest) compared to their savings accounts with banks.
In its maiden sale conducted in March, the Federal Government allotted N2.1 billion to 2,575 subscribers while it allotted N1.2 billion to 1,798 subscribers in April. In May, the subscription dropped to N790.85 million for 1,233 subscribers.
The savings bond designed to help finance the nation's budget deficit is also backed by its ‘full faith and credit'.
Interests are to be paid at regular periods with principal repaid at maturity. They have a tenure of between two and three years and a minimum size of investment of N5,000 and maximum of N50 million. It is aimed at deepening national savings culture, diversifying funding sources for the government and providing opportunity to all citizens, irrespective of income level to contribute to national development.
It will also enable all citizens to participate in and benefit from the favourable returns available in the capital market.
The next offer will open on July 3 and close on July 7, the DMO said.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations says women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard, even if it involves President Donald Trump.
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations says women who accuse someone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard, even if it involves President Donald Trump.
CBS' O'Donnell learns story of former colleague Charlie Rose's sexual misconduct while in midst of reporting investigation on women victimized at the U.S. Air Force Academy.
CBS' O'Donnell learns story of former colleague Charlie Rose's sexual misconduct while in midst of reporting investigation on women victimized at the U.S. Air Force Academy.
"On Point" host Tom Ashbrook, the host of one of NPR's most successful programs, has been suspended while the network investigates sexual misconduct allegations.
"On Point" host Tom Ashbrook, the host of one of NPR's most successful programs, has been suspended while the network investigates sexual misconduct allegations.
The New Yorker magazine says it has cut ties with its well-known politics reporter Ryan Lizza for sexual misconduct.
The New Yorker magazine says it has cut ties with its well-known politics reporter Ryan Lizza for sexual misconduct.
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today." Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today." Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks told of alleged...
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three who worked for Batali. (Photo by Brent N. Clarke/Invision/AP)
By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and JOSEPH PISANI
AP Business Writers
Celebrity chef Mario Batali stepped away from his restaurant empire and cooking show "The Chew" on Monday as he said that reports of sexual misconduct "match up" to his behavior.
Food news website Eater New York published an article Monday that said four women accused the chef of inappropriate touching. One of the women said that Batali groped her chest after wine spilled on her shirt. Another said he grabbed her from behind and held her tightly against his body. Eater said the four women, three of whom worked for Batali, asked to remain anonymous for fear of retaliation.
The sexual misconduct allegations are the latest to come against powerful men in entertainment, politics and other industries. Batali, who has appeared on "The Chew" since its debut six years ago, oversees several restaurants in a handful of cities.
Batali apologized in a statement Monday, and said that "much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted."
A representative for his restaurant business, Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, said an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
The group's restaurants include Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles. It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston. In 2012, Batali and his business partners agreed to pay more than $6 million to settle two separate lawsuits from restaurant workers who said they were deprived of tips or overtime pay.
Batali, who is 57, was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in his career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
His career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and he skyrocketed to fame with the airing of "Molto Mario," a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that his signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became recognizable to most people. He has also won several prestigious James Beard awards, which are considered the Academy Awards of the culinary world.
The Food Network planned to relaunch "Molto Mario" next year, but said Monday that the show would be put on hold. The network "takes matters like this very seriously," it said in a statement.
A wave of sexual misconduct allegations have come forth in politics and Hollywood, gaining momentum after shocking allegations of abuse and assault by film and TV producer Harvey Weinstein.
The #MeToo movement has brought allegations against Kevin Spacey, comedian Louis C.K. and news anchor Matt Lauer, and led to resignations in Congress. There are new calls for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced. And last week Time magazine named the "silence breakers," those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The allegations against Batali are likely to hurt his restaurant business, especially if he is off TV, branding and marketing experts said.
"The media presence drives the restaurant business," said Allen Adamson, founder of BrandSimple Consulting.
Batali has also been socially active. The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. And he has come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Larson was in the spotlight after the team owner Chip Ganassi allowed him to go to Iowa to compete in the Knoxville Nationals on Saturday. He finished second at the sprint-car event before returning to Brooklyn, Mich., to earn his third Cup Series victory of the season.
BASEBALL
No Structural Damage to Harper's Knee
The Washington Nationals said that outfielder Bryce Harper had a “significant” bone bruise in his left knee but had no ligament damage, and General Manager Mike Rizzo said he hoped that Harper might return this season.
Harper injured his knee when he slipped on first base during the first inning of a rain-delayed home game against the San Francisco Giants on Saturday night. Rizzo said Sunday that a magnetic resonance imaging examination afterward had showed no structural damage.
Rizzo said there was no timetable for Harper's return. The team placed him on the 10-day disabled list and activated outfielder Michael Taylor.
Harper, the 2015 National League most valuable player, is having another stellar season for the N.L. East-leading Nationals, hitting .326, with 29 home runs and 87 R.B.I.
STANTON STAYS HOT Giancarlo Stanton homered for a fourth straight game, hitting his 42nd of the year to tie Miami's season record, and the Marlins swept the Colorado Rockies for the first time since 2006 with a 5-3 victory at home.
CARDINALS' STREAK ENDS R. A. Dickey held St. Louis to one run in seven innings, Brandon Phillips hit a two-run homer, and the Atlanta Braves halted the Cardinals' season-high eight-game winning streak, 6-3, at Busch Stadium.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
ASTROS HALT SKID Dallas Keuchel took a shutout into the sixth inning, Jose Altuve homered, and American-League-leading Houston ended its longest skid of the season at five games, beating the Texas Rangers, 2-1, on the road.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
PRO FOOTBALL
Newton Begins Throwing Again
Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton threw passes for the first time in two weeks as the team wrapped up its training camp in Spartanburg, S.C.
Newton, who is undergoing rehabilitation for soreness in his right shoulder related to rotator-cuff surgery he had in March, participated in red-zone drills but did not throw long passes.
It was unclear whether Newton would participate in this week's scrimmages with the Tennessee Titans or play in the Panthers' preseason game at Tennessee on Saturday.
UNCERTAINTY FOR LUCK The Indianapolis Colts' owner, Jim Irsay, said it was still uncertain whether his star quarterback, Andrew Luck, would be ready for the season opener on Sept. 10 at the Los Angeles Rams.
Irsay said the team is still limiting how hard Luck is throwing while he recovers from surgery to repair a partly torn labrum in his right shoulder.
SOCCER
Tottenham Takes Control After Ejection
Visiting Tottenham capitalized on Jonjo Shelvey's ejection to beat Newcastle, 2-0, in their Premier League opener, with Dele Alli and Ben Davies scoring in the final half-hour.
Shelvey stepped on the right foot of Alli, who was sitting on the ground, after a free kick had been awarded in the 48th minute.
Tottenham then took charge of the match as Alli slid in at the far post to steer in a cross from Christian Eriksen in the 61st minute.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
MANCHESTER UNITED OFF TO A FAST START Romelu Lukaku scored twice and Paul Pogba hit a late long-range goal as host Manchester United shut out West Ham, 4-0, in the teams' Premier League season opener.
NEYMAR SCORES IN DEBUT Neymar did not disappoint in his first game for Paris St.-Germain, recording a goal and an assist in a French league win at Guingamp, 3-0.
Neymar, who joined P.S.G. from Barcelona for a record 222 million euros ($263 million), set up Edinson Cavani in the 62nd minute, and Cavani returned the favor in the 82nd.
PRO BASKETBALL
Liberty's 20-0 Run Is Too Much for Sparks
Tina Charles scored 21 points, and the host Liberty scored 20 straight points in the second quarter, their biggest run of the season, as they pounded the Los Angeles Sparks, 83-69, for a third straight win.
2019: Senator Abaribe's constituents commence recall process
The people of Abia South Senatorial District, Tuesday, commenced the process of recalling Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, representing the area at the National Assembly. This followed a resolution reached by stakeholders from various political parties in the six local government areas in Abia South under the aegis of Coalition of Abia South Senatorial Movement. The leader […]
2019: Senator Abaribe's constituents commence recall process
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Jeff John
While finally getting the opportunity to really shoot my DS Arms FAL, a story soon to appear in the GUNS Surplus, Vintage & Classic Special Edition 2018, a niggling problem with reliability arose. I was speaking with our “Odd Angry Shot” columnist John Connor about it telling him I was lubing it as I would my M1 Garand and he laughed, saying, “Son, the FAL runs best drowning in oil.” Two G96 products showed up as if on cue, and my previous success using G96 grease on the SMG FG42 gave me confidence G96 would solve cycling in the FAL. Both Synthetic CLP and Synthetic Bio CLP were employed over the course of several range trips shooting about 150 to 200 rounds each trip. Malfunctions ceased over the next 600+ rounds fired for the test.
Before, the rifle failed to feed or ran sluggishly for the first 5 or 10 rounds of a full magazine, and now it ran easily and smoothly. The odd malfunctions disappeared entirely, allowing me to concentrate on shooting groups.
Jeff's DS Arms FAL ran sluggishly until a generous application
of G96 was applied. It runs like a top now.
Lube was on the rifle at the end of the day (and my shooting glasses). Since I cleaned the gun after each trip, you can bet the oil was still where it was applied.
Because the rifle is wood stocked, I store it dry. The law of gravity runs true, and a lot of oil will migrate down, meaning it will pool on the wood (found this out the hard way) but before the wood's sealant was penetrated. There is a good reason synthetic stocks replaced wood. But I like the look—and especially feel—of wood.
G96's Synthetic Bio-CLP Gun Oil is approved by the US Army to clean, lubricate and preserve small and large caliber weapons and weapons systems. Formulated for maximum gun and environmental protection, it is 85 percent biodegradable, contains no solvents or VOC's and is 51 percent biobased. It is safe for use on polymers and passed the US Army's 17-point performance parameters. This lube is now a permanent part of my kit, especially when lube is needed for a gun to run.
G96
P.O. Box 1684
Paterson, NJ 07524
(973) 684-4050
www.G96.com
Read More Quartermaster Reviews
Purchase A Password To Read The December 2017 Digital Edition
(Included FREE Download Of PDF Version To Your Desktop Or Mobile Device)
Purchase A PDF Download Of The December 2017 Issue Now!
Today the community of Manurewa Marae mourn the loss of one of their beloved members Whāea Marry-Ann Harris (Ngāpuhi, Hikitu).
Proud of her South Auckland community Ms Harris dedicated her life bringing people back to South Auckland's Manurewa Marae.
Manurewa Marae Chairman Tunuiarangi McLean says, “For over 12 years Whaea Mary-Ann look after our marae. Her contribution to the marae was huge and she always made herself available to those using the marae 24-7. She will be dearly missed.”
Besides the daily operations of running the Marae, Ms Harris was also involved in a project called Community Renewal, an initiative established to overcome the negative stigma placed upon their community.
She was also part of the Clendon Residents Group who helped created a community tool library, toy library and vegetable garden.
Ms Harris leaves behind a husband, two children and many mokopuna. She will be buried in her hometown of Whirinaki tomorrow.
MIAMI — Anthony Walker plays in the NFL. He spent the last month in the NBA.
The Indianapolis Colts linebacker started his off-season by spending four weeks as an intern with the Miami Heat, getting a crash course on how the basketball team from his hometown handles things from a business operations standpoint. The Heat exposed Walker to plenty, including how game nights work and the execution of off-site events.
“For me, it's about trying to get the other side of sports,” Walker said . “Football's going to end for me at some point. I want to be able to use the networks I have now to help me in the future for when I do need to find something else to do with my life. And you never know when that's going to come.”
The internship ended Friday. Walker is planning to be back in Indianapolis, ready to resume full-time football life in a few days.
He hopes football doesn't end anytime soon. Walker just completed his rookie season with the Colts, appearing in 10 games — two starts — and making 22 tackles.
But Walker, 22, is also thinking about his future. That's why he asked Heat assistant coach Chris Quinn for a favour.
Quinn was briefly an assistant coach at Northwestern, where Walker — who studied business management with a focus on sports, as well as marketing — played his college football. Quinn knew of Walker's reputation from their simultaneous time with the Wildcats, and didn't hesitate when asked to help broker something for him to do with the Heat.
“I knew he was a high-quality kid,” Quinn said. “Anyone in his position, a current NFL player, to reach out and request an opportunity, that means he's very driven and about the right kind of stuff. So I had no problem trying to help him in any way I could.”
Quinn passed Walker's name up the Heat chain, and the internship deal was struck. Walker knows the experience will help him in his next career, but also sees ways it will make him better as a player.
“You see all the aspects of the game and all the outside stuff that we don't get to see as athletes,” Walker said. “We think we do our job and everything else just falls in place. But there's a lot that goes into those other jobs, marketing, the equipment guys, all that stuff. You can't take any of that for granted.”
In the end, both Walker and the Heat considered his time there a success.
“He did a really good job,” Quinn said. “He took everything really seriously, which is awesome.”
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez). Golden State Warriors' Klay Thompson answers questions during an NBA basketball practice, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. The Warriors face the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday in O...
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez). Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry answers questions after an NBA basketball practice, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. The Warriors face the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday in Oa...
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez). Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr, left, talks to Steve Nash during an NBA basketball practice, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. The Warriors face the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals ...
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez). Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James follows through on a shot during an NBA basketball practice, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. The Cavaliers face the Golden State Warriors in Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thurs...
(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez). Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry gestures to a teammate during an NBA basketball practice, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. The Warriors face the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday...
By JANIE McCAULEY
AP Sports Writer
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Cleveland and Golden State were stretched to their limits in the conference finals this time around, leaving little time to recoup and prepare for their latest date in the NBA Finals.
"Splintered" is how Stephen Curry described what he feared could happen in the second quarter of Game 7 at Houston with the Warriors pushed to the brink by the Rockets in a thrilling West showdown.
So, Golden State held a serious team chat and got it together at last. LeBron James willed his Cavaliers back to the big stage with another spectacular performance as Kevin Love sat out.
"It was a special moment for us. And I think one that we'll look back, if we get the job done over these next two weeks, where, again, as an appreciation of all that goes into winning a championship," Curry said Wednesday, "and doing it by committee and making sure every guy, whether you're playing well or not, or things are going your way or not, that we all bring something to the fold that have gotten us to four straight Finals.
"And we've done it by appreciating everybody that's a part of that group. I think that two and a half minutes was a special moment for us, and it should give us great momentum going into the series."
Now, James and the Cavs and Curry and the defending champions find themselves in familiar territory facing off in a fourth straight NBA Finals - just with far less prep time given both faced new, daunting challenges and played furious Game 7s on the road to get back here.
Cavs-W's, Act IV is a little bit different, indeed.
King James stands in the way of a Warriors repeat, just as he did in spoiling that quest for Golden State and leading the Cavs to a championship two years ago with a Game 7 win on the Warriors' home court, where they have currently won 17 of the last 18 postseason games.
James never counted out Golden State.
"Just going against the Warriors in the last three years in the Finals, I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done," he said. "Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 Finals games that I've played against them in the last three years, I figured out that they could make it happen."
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great he might be in his eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in his mind he will be ready when the ball tips.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland he knows so well.
"In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time," he said. "So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game."
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in his left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with his status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
"Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years," James said. "If you want to see somebody else in the postseason then you've got to beat 'em."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
