GREENVILLE — Chief Deputy Mark Whittaker of the Darke County Sheriff's Department spoke at the luncheon hosted by the Public Employee Retirees (PERS), focusing on drugs, robbery and scams.
“Robbery (as well as other crimes) are often related to the drug problem in our community,” he told the crowd. “It is my experience that robbery, burglary, theft and break-ins are often linked to substance abuse on the part of the perpetrator. As a result of this I believe that our community could cut our crime rate by at least 50 percent by getting a handle on the drug issues.”
He explained that he was a paramedic 10 years before he joined the sheriff's department.
“I wasn't sympathetic to those who had substance abuse problems,” Whittaker said. “However, over recent years I have learned more about addiction and its effects on the body. I now have a better understanding which has changed my attitude to one of empathy. The point of my message is to get people to understand through my own experiences and using myself as an example that society needs to understand the science and processes of addiction so that we can better manage the problem.”
According to him the two worst drugs in Darke County are heroin and methamphetamines.
“Heroin is a depressant, the street drug version of morphine,” he said. “We tell kids not to even try those drugs. Once they go down that path, there is a rewiring of the brain. The next time they do it, the body doesn't produce the chemical. What happens is they're addicted. I haven't seen the death toll like it is right now.”
“The I70 and I75 interchange is suggested to be a contributing factor as to why heroin is as plentiful and available in the Miami Valley,” the chief deputy said. “The primary reason heroin is a problem in the community is due to the addiction to opiates and opioids.”
He went on, “Dayton is ground zero of the epidemic. We are worse than New York City and Los Angeles. We in Darke County are very much a part of it. In all my years in public safety, statistics of drug overdoses has increased. From the 1980s to 2000, we may have had two a year. I didn't know it was that bad until 2006, when we had 10. Last year, there were 17 overdoses in Darke County; that's more than those who died in traffic fatalities.”
He went on to report there were 31 overdoses in January and 34 in February, this year.
“Our drug detectives started making undercover buys,” he said. “The vast majority were from August to early January, mostly heroin. We bought dope from them at least two times. We indicted 18 people dealing in heroin and fentanyl, which is a lot more powerful than heroin. The actual 2016 figures according to the Darke County coroner are: One heroin, seven Fentanyl, one Carfentanyl, four Fentanyl and cocaine mixed, two opioid, two prescription drugs.”
Whittaker said said heroin is not being carried here in bricks. Instead, he said, most are in gel caps, costing $5 to $6 a cap. The dealers then bring them back here and sell them for double the price.
“Gov. Kasich passed a law to help keep the F4's [felonies] out of prison to reduce the budget,” Whittaker went on. “It has had an impact on you, the taxpayers. They [the perpetrators] get community control sanctions for F4s or F5s, and sent to jail. Darke County Jail is built to house 36 inmates. We have 51 there now. We are way beyond our capacity. We have 20 criminals housed at $50 a day in Mercer County and 10 inmates in Randolph County.”
He went on, “They're our local problem and we can't handle it. We send them away and that's not not free. Darke County Jail is the smallest for an area our size. On top of that, dealers commit crimes, like stealing cars, and go to Dayton. That's what drugs are doing to our community.”
Whittaker went on, “There does have to be consequences. If you deal drugs, you should deserve consequences. On our [traffic stops], they may be personally using and we'll probably make an arrest but not send them to prison. We'd give that to the guys who are dealing. We'll never solve the drug problem. We in law enforcement get frustrated with the outcomes of these cases. We have to find a way to manage it and educate our youth to break the cycle.”
In his talk about robbery, Whittaker said, “Robbery is not something that happens to individuals very often. With the rise in drug use, there is a rise in robberies. We had eight or nine cases of robbery in the last 12 months, most in the city of Greenville. Half the robberies were at 24-hour gas stations and restaurants. We're still a fairly safe community compared to Dayton.”
He gave tips on what to do to prevent a robbery.
“If they want your stuff, give it to them. Get them away from you,” he said. “They don't want to hurt you, they just want to leave. Don't get in a tug-of-war over something like a purse. Then, report it as soon as you can. Stay in a well-lighted area, walk in confidence, walk with a friend and be alert. Don't talk to them as they approach and try not to be so trusting. Don't make yourself a good target.”
As for scams, Whittaker said they come in different ways, including emails and via the telephone.
“Most are too good to be true,” he said. “Banks and businesses won't call you. Hang up, Don't interact.”
He also told those in the audience not to enter any mail sweepstakes, including Publishers Clearing House.
“Your name goes on a hotline which is sold for information,” he said. “They want you to send them money before they get you your dollars. That's illegal to send money. Another scam is when they call and say your grandson is in Mexico. Don't fall for it. Once you pay one time, you're on a hot, hot list. Don't give them personal information over the phone. If IRS calls, it's not IRS. Most scams are perpetrated from outside this country, even if local numbers do show up.”
Chief Deputy Mark Whittaker speaks about the problems of drugs, robbery and scams in Darke County following the PERS luncheon at the VFW on Monday. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_whittakerPERSPRINT-1.jpg Chief Deputy Mark Whittaker speaks about the problems of drugs, robbery and scams in Darke County following the PERS luncheon at the VFW on Monday.
By Linda Moody [email protected]
This writer may be reached at 937-569-4315. Follow her on Facebook and join the conversation and get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
This writer may be reached at 937-569-4315. Follow her on Facebook and join the conversation and get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Fans felt the gap between the young and older "curmudgeonly" TV detective was finally being bridged in the first episode of series five
ITV's Inspector Morse prequel Endeavour returned for a fifth series and it's safe to say the first episode was a hit with viewers.
Advertisement
“Flawless from start to finish,” one RadioTimes.com reader wrote of the tale, which saw Morse attempting to track down a killer who was picking off members of a men's club in particularly artistic fashion. The commenter added, “The theme of women's power over men and the name checking of Astor and Pankhurst was not lost in this, the centenary year of The Suffragettes cause. Welcome back Endeavour!
Another reader praised the “well paced classic episode” for “clues and the odd red herring” that left the audience guessing about the real killer's identity right up to the end of the episode.
However, not everyone was impressed with the plot.
“I had hoped that we would pick up from where it had left off and that we would see Endeavour trying to help Joan after leaving the hospital,” wrote Alison B. “One of the reasons that I love Endeavour, and enjoy it more than Morse, is there has been more of the personal side of the detective; however this was lacking in this episode for me. Certainly not the best episode, despite the quality of the acting.”
If there was one thing the majority did seem to agree on, it was that something about Evans' Morse had changed.
“Endeavour is top-class television drama, with a wonderful script and period detail evoking the 1960s,” wrote Chris Shaw. “It doesn't matter if I never fully understand what it is all about (like the original Morse), it is just such a joy to watch. In this first episode of the new series the main character has evolved a bit more towards the John Thaw incarnation,” he said.
“He's starting to show more of Morse's curmudgeonly behaviour as he ages,” Gareth Johnstone added on Facebook.
Morse is back – are you happy? Posted by Radio Times on Sunday, February 4, 2018
Darren Webster wondered if the young Morse might well out-Morse his brilliant predecessor.
Is the once 'apprentice' Shaun Evans starting to out 'Morse' the late great John Thaw?!? Loved the new episode of #Endeavour last night. — Darren Laurie (@DarrenLaurie13) February 5, 2018
And Hayley Webster went into fascinating detail on the topic of Morse's transformation in a very eloquent Twitter thread.
And then last night's episode. Morse is different. He's the same but different. He's had his promotion. All is as it should be, and yet, he's different. Evans acts this so brilliantly I can't even tell you. I cried, okay, I did. In the meeting with Joan. The only bit he softens. — Hayley Webster (@bookshaped) February 5, 2018
Will young Endeavour Morse become more like his older incarnation by the end of the series? We've got five more Sunday nights worth of drama to devour before we find out.
This article was originally published in February 2018
Advertisement
Endeavour series five airs on PBS Masterpiece on Sundays, 9/8c
AMESBURY, England — British police declared a “major incident” Wednesday after two people were left in critical condition from exposure to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force said a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury, 13 kilometres from Salisbury, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4.
Police cordoned off the building and other places the two people visited before falling ill, but health officials said there was not believed to be a wider risk to the public.
The man and woman were hospitalized Saturday at Salisbury District Hospital, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal spent weeks in critical condition after being poisoned in March.
Police said they initially believed the latest victims might have taken a contaminated batch of heroin or crack cocaine.
“However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident,” police said. “At this stage, it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed.”
A major incident is a designation allowing British authorities to mobilize more than one emergency agency.
Residents in the area, a quiet neighbourhood of newly built houses and apartments, said they had received little information from authorities.
“Amesbury's a lovely place — it's very quiet, uneventful,” said Rosemary Northing, who lives a couple of hundred yards (meters) away from the cordoned-off building. “So for this to happen, and the media response and the uncertainty, it's unsettling.”
Neighbours said police cars and fire engines descended on the home late Saturday. Student Chloe Edwards said she saw people in “green suits” — like those worn by forensics officers — and her family was told to stay in their home for several hours.
“We wanted to know what happened and with the Russian attack happening not long ago, and we just assumed the worst,” said Edwards.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals with a nerve agent known as Novichok, a group of chemical weapons developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War. Moscow denies the allegation. The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
Counter-terrorism teams from London's Metropolitan Police were called in to help local forces in Wiltshire at the time of the Skripal poisoning. On Wednesday, however, Scotland Yard referred media calls to Wiltshire police.
The statement from Wiltshire Police came only a month after police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned home after months of working on the Skripals' poisoning. Wiltshire Police spent about 7.5 million pounds ($10 million) dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals' poisoning and believe that his front door was contaminated with the nerve agent.
Sergei Skripal, 66, is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap. He had been living quietly in Salisbury, a cathedral city 90 miles (145 kilometres) southwest of London, when he was struck down along with his 33-year-old daughter Yulia.
After being found unconscious in the street, the two spent weeks in critical condition at the hospital. Doctors who treated them say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still don't know what the Skirpals' long-term prognosis is.
The Skripals have been taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
Jill Lawless in London contributed to this story.
Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos would be the perfect signing for Paris Saint-Germain, according to Thiago Motta.
Kroos, 28, is considered one of the world's best midfielders, having starred in four seasons at Madrid – including winning three Champions League titles.
Motta – who will take charge of PSG's Under-19s after retiring – believes the Germany international would be the ideal man to replace him at the Parc des Princes.
"Personally, I would like to see Toni Kroos at PSG," he told Le Parisien.
"He can also play in a more advanced position, but in the style that suits PSG, he is exceptional.
"He is a player I admire a lot and for a long time. He can play the three positions in midfield and in particular in front of the defence."
Kroos, who is contracted until 2022, scored five goals and provided seven assists in 27 LaLiga games in 2017-18.
A lot can happen in a week when it comes to tech. The constant onslaught of news makes it nigh impossible for mere mortals with real lives to keep track of everything. That's why we've compiled a quick and dirty list of this week's top tech stories, from what happened at Google's October 4 event to how one chef is looking to get us off our phones — it's all here.
The Pixel 2 looks amazing. So why did Google bother with all the other nonsense? The Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL are well thought-out, feature-rich, and highly desirable sequels to the already excellent Pixel and Pixel XL. We predict they will be two of the best Android phones released this year and next, and we're not exactly going out on a limb to say it. They formed the centerpiece of Google's October 4 event, but were joined by quite a lot of others, far less interesting products. Imagine if they weren't. Read: The Pixel 2 looks amazing. So why did Google bother with all the other nonsense?
Here's how one chef is encouraging diners to ditch their phones at the table Restaurants can be quiet places these days. The sight of an entire table of diners gazing at their smartphones rather than their lovingly prepared food is a common one, and has led some restaurateurs to take matters into their own hands. The latest effort aimed at getting diners to engage with one another rather than with their handsets comes from award-winning chef Marco Canora. Based at Tuscan-American restaurant Hearth in Manhattan, Canora has placed special boxes on each table. On the box reads a note: “Open me!” while inside another one says, “We'd like to invite you to unplug during your meal here at Hearth. Feel free to use this box to put your phone away and connect with your fellow diners.” Discussing the novel idea with dining guide Eater, Canora said, “If there's one time in the 24 hours in your day that's a time to engage with the person you're with, it makes sense to me that it's around the dinner table.” Read: Here's how one chef is encouraging diners to ditch their phones at the table
‘Titanic' star Kate Winslet will reunite with James Cameron for ‘Avatar 2' It's been almost a decade since James Cameron's Avatar hit theaters, but filming is currently underway on Avatar 2, the long-awaited sequel to the highest-grossing film of all time worldwide. The cast of the film is also filling out, with Academy Award winner Kate Winslet recently joining the project in a starring role. Winslet will play a character named Ronal for the film, but little is known about her role other than the character's name. However, the film will reunite Winslet with Cameron for the first time since the actress starred in 1997's Titanic. Read: ‘Titanic' star Kate Winslet will reunite with James Cameron for ‘Avatar 2'
The Whitepod luxury eco-lodge is located in the heart of the Swiss Alps The Swiss Alps have been a popular destination for active travelers for decades, offering opportunities to ski, hike, climb, and mountain bike their way across some of the most stunning landscapes on the planet. But, just because those adventurous souls might like to rough it during the day, doesn't mean they can't enjoy a bit of luxury in the evening. There are plenty of swanky mountain chalets and lodges available, but for a unique experience, consider a stay at Whitepod instead. Located near Les Cerniers, Switzerland, Whitepod is a luxury eco-lodge that features a set of geodesic domes that have been custom-built to accommodate travelers. These unique suites are fully outfitted with a number of amenities designed to provide comfort and relaxation following a day of adventure in the mountains, while also fully immersing visitors in the culture and cuisine of the region. Read: The Whitepod luxury eco-lodge is located in the heart of the Swiss Alps
Tesla electric semitruck unveiling delayed until October Earlier in 2017, Tesla CEO Elon Musk announced that the company's much-discussed electric semitruck would be unveiled in September. The world will have to wait a little longer for the first official look at this electric big rig, but an image posted to Reddit could give us an early glimpse at the vehicle's design. As you would expect from the all-electric automaker, the semitruck looks aerodynamic, futuristic, and downright elegant. The truck appears significantly shorter than the official teaser photo at first glance, but keen-eyed Redditors theorized that the silver cap on the left could be the truck's fairing and promptly photoshopped it on. Looks pretty close, doesn't it? Tesla hasn't officially commented on the photo thus far, so we may have to wait until the unveiling on October 26 for confirmation. For what it's worth, Musk said on Twitter it will be “worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.” Read: Tesla electric semitruck unveiling delayed until October
8 Infamous tech flops that were way ahead of their time Not every tech product can be a winner in the marketplace, but some failures don't deserve to be thought of as disasters. Whether it's a good idea executed badly, a great product that was too expensive, or simply a futuristic idea which was way ahead of its time; here are eight tech flops which were later revisited more successfully. Noble failures of tech, we salute you! Read: 8 Infamous tech flops that were way ahead of their time These goofy-looking earbuds are actually real-time in-ear translators These earbuds aren't meant for playing music or podcasts, but rather for communicating with people who speak a foreign language. Because not being a polyglot shouldn't stop you from having a conversation with just about anyone in the world. Rather than talking past one another in your respective languages, the WT2 claims to allow for real-time translation. That means that you can speak face-to-face with your fellow human, and immediately decipher his or her message without the need for a mediator. Promising natural, hands-free communication, the WT2 seeks to enable conversations in two different languages via two earphone translators and one app. Simply don one of the earphones, speak in your language, and your interlocutor will hear in theirs. Read: These goofy-looking earbuds are actually real-time in-ear translators
IN BRIEF
Early-warning systems for earthquakes like the one that saved lives recently in Mexico City are highly effective, but the USGS ShakeAlert program is in jeopardy thanks to disputes over funding.
A MINUTE'S NOTICE
After approximately 30,000 people died when an 8.0 magnitude earthquake rocked Mexico City on September 19th, 1985, the Mexican government developed the first early-warning system for earthquakes in the world. It was this system that limited the harm done by an 8.1 quake in the same city this September, followed by a 7.1 quake not two weeks later. In all likelihood, the system saved tens of thousands of lives, simply by giving citizens more than a minute of notice to get to safety.
A rescued woman is carried away on a stretcher following an earthquake in Amatrice, Italy, on Aug. 24, 2016. ANSA via AP file / ANSA
According to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, earthquakes cost the US about $5.3 billion per year. FEMA also believes that within the next 30 years, there is a 99.7 percent chance that California will experience an earthquake stronger than 6.7, and a 10 percent chance the Pacific Northwest will experience another 8.0-9.0 megaquake, like the one seen in 1700.
For the last ten years, the US Geological Survey (USGS) has been preparing for these eventualities. In partnership with various agencies, universities, and private organizations, the USGS has developed a similar early warning system called ShakeAlert. The system's sensors detect the first pressure waves to arrive from an earthquake, known as primary or P-waves, which cause minor shaking but little destruction. Like lightning that warns you to cover your ears before the boom, P-waves serve as a warning for much more destructive S-waves, which follow closely behind.
The “production prototype” for ShakeAlert began to operate in 2012 all along the West Coast, but remains at half-capacity; about 750 of the 1675 planned stations are currently operational. The complete system launch is planned for 2018.
THE ROAD AHEAD
Although it isn't fully operational, ShakeAlert is already helping keep people safer. Oregon power companies have used the system to close pipeline valves and protect command systems during quakes. California's Bay Area Rapid Transit System (BART) uses it to minimize derailments by slowing or stopping trains while the shaking persists. High-rise buildings can stop elevators; hospitals can stop surgeries and protect delicate systems and infrastructure when they're warned by the system; and as the system gets bigger, and becomes more connected to the Internet of Things, the system can warn more people across the affected area.
However, the ShakeAlert system and everyone relies on it are at risk, as the USGS has been targeted for funding reductions by the current administration. The proposed $137.8 million reduction would have ended the program, despite support from Congressional representatives Kevin Calbert (R-Corona) and Adam Schiff (D-Burbank), who provide bipartisan backing for the project. For now, the USGS budget was set at $1 billion for 2018 by Congress, a cut of only $46 million, which will keep ShakeAlert alive for at least another year.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
ABOARD THE OPEN ARMS IN THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA — Izzeddin al-Ghalban's first attempt to reach Europe ended when the boat engine died. The Libyan coast guard thwarted his second. After a third try, the 23-year-old rested on the deck of a Spanish aid group's rescue ship as it headed toward Barcelona, grateful that he finally made it.
"Libya is hell," al-Ghalban told the Associated Press on Tuesday aboard the Open Arms, a ship run by charity Proactiva Open Arms.
The young Palestinian from Gaza was one of 60 migrants the crew of the Open Arms rescued Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters off Libya's coast, a scenario that's been repeated over and over on the Mediterranean Sea in recent years.
Such rescues are getting increasingly complicated after Italy's new government closed its ports to ships like the Open Arms, calling them de facto "taxi services" for human smugglers operating in Libya.
Aid groups deny any links to the smugglers, saying they are trying to save lives amid a human catastrophe. Thousands of people have perished trying to cross the Mediterranean in flimsy vessels since 2015.
After the island nation of Malta also denied the Open Arms authorization to dock, Spain agreed for the second time this summer to receive a ship carrying migrants from the rescue zone off Libya, even though the country is much further away.
The East Main Street project undertaken by the City of Blue Ridge is finally nearing completion. City Engineer Matt Smith said ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
Dick Clark Productions isn't taking claims that it sabotaged Mariah Carey's disastrous New Year's Eve performance lightly.
TMZ reported Sunday that representatives for Carey complained that the diva's troubled performance on the New Year's Eve special was set up by the show's producers “so they could get Mariah drama.”
Carey's team claimed in a written complaint to Dick Clark Productions that her sound and microphone systems were deliberately sabotaged. The report also said that Carey and her team repeatedly complained that her earpieces were not working.
Her representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties and told Billboard that the production crew hampered Carey's lackluster performance.
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set her up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and she flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when she got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that her earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
Dick Clark Productions responded later Sunday in a statement calling the claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for her rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
While on stage Saturday, Carey's mood seemed to range from frustration to resignation as she struggled with the pre-recorded musical tracks. Telling the revelers jammed into New York City's Times Square that there had not been a sound check for her hit song “Emotions,” she lamented that “we're missing some of these vocals, but it is what it is.”
“Let the audience sing,” she decided as she paced the stage
. “I'm trying to be a good sport here,” she said, adding her own sarcastic review of the performance. “That was … amazing.”
The next song, “We Belong Together,” went no better. At times, she lowered the microphone from her mouth and the music, vocals and all, kept playing, making it clear she was lip-synching.
Carey later tweeted about the night, starting with a brief profanity, throwing in a couple of sad emojis and concluding with, “Here's to making more headlines in 2017.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
From June 4 – 6, 2017, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise hosted an Analyst Summit in hot Las Vegas as part of their HPE Discover 2017 event. After a 5 year journey of splitting, spin-merging and getting smaller, CEO Meg Whitman and her staff took stage announcing their strategy and innovations to 9,000 attendees ranging from partners and customers from all over the world. This calls for some reflections about HPE's journey, its past achievements, and its current focus areas and will help us understand where HPE is heading in the future.
I have been following HPE for almost 11 years and had a chance to meet Meg Whitman in September 2016 in Boston right after the company acquired SGI. I have seen HP split into both HPE and HP Inc creating two powerhouses and then again spin-merge their services teams into CSC (now DXC) and HPE Software into Micro Focus finalized by September 1, 2017. Meg has created four new companies out of one giant company – with each focused and poised to innovate, add value and deliver outcomes to its installed base and new customers. In the recent 12 months, HPE grew both organically and inorganically with (and good priced) acquisitions such as Aruba Networks, 3Par, SGI, Nimble Storage, CloudCruiser and Niara (just to name key ones) – all purposeful and aligned with two of their key strategies supported by a 25,000 people strong service organization named PointNext.
Read the entire article here, Reflections From HPE Discover 2017
via the fine folks at Forrester Research.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The Former Prospect Assistant Police Chief is trying to stop the public release of his Facebook messages.
Todd Shaw is suing Louisville Metro Government and the City of Prospect, asking for a temporary injunction.
>> Read full complaint
The messages were handed over to LMPD as part of a search warrant regarding the Explorer Program investigation. Shaw previously worked for LMPD.
Shaw said they are personal messages that aren't connected to the Explorer investigation and they portray him in an "extremely negative manner."
WAVE 3 News and several other news outlets have filed open records requests for those messages.
PREVIOUS STORIES:
+ Assistant Chief for Prospect Police suspended, under investigation
+ City's LMPD Explorer program investigation delayed
+ 4th alleged victim files lawsuit involving LMPD Explorer program
+ Mayor Fischer testifies on Explorer Case, demotion of former major
+ Third victim claims sexual abuse against LMPD officer in Explorer Program
+ 4th LMPD officer tied to lawsuits against Youth Explorer Program
+ 2nd LMPD officer accused of inappropriate behavior in Explorer program
+ Judge unseals LMPD Explorer sex abuse lawsuit
+ Councilman: Other LMPD Explorer victims have come forward
+ Former LMPD Explorers say they haven't been contacted by investigators
The messages were shared with Prospect Police, who launched an internal investigation. They have not been shared with the media.
Shaw was suspended Sept. 1 and agreed to resign in late November.
He was with LMPD for 21 years before retiring as a sergeant. He has not been charged in the Explorer investigation.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Over the course of her tenure as special assistant to the president under her father's administration, Ivanka Trump has carefully curated her social media feeds to reflect the issues that lend themselves to her agenda regarding women's entrepreneurship, the child tax credit, and the economy. For example, the first daughter remained silent following President Trump's hasty Twitter announcement that transgender people would no longer be allowed to serve in the U.S. military, and she has yet to weigh in on the current conflict with North Korea.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
However, on Saturday evening, she felt it necessary to denounce the white supremacists and neo-Nazis responsible for the violence taking place in Charlottesville—becoming the first of Trump's close advisors to do so.
"There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis. We must all come together as Americans -- and be one country UNITED. #Charlottesville" she wrote over two tweets just after 8 p.m., a few hours after she would have been able to sign back online following the Jewish sabbath. (Ivanka and her family are practicing Orthdox Jews).
1:2 There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis. — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 13, 2017
2:2 We must all come together as Americans -- and be one country UNITED. #Charlottesville — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) August 13, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's unclear if Ivanka has spoken with her father about Steve Bannon's continued employment in the White House. Bannon has direct ties to the alt-right, an explicitly racist and anti-Semitic movement.
Despite having an office in the West Wing of the White House, serving as special assistant to the president of the United States, and even controversially sitting in for her father with world leaders (as she did at the Summit), Ivanka Trump maintains that she doesn't like to get political.
"I try to stay out of politics. [The president's] political instincts are phenomenal. He did something that no one could have imagined he'd be able to accomplish," she said in an interview that aired in late June on Fox & Friends, when asked about her father's Twitter usage.
"I feel blessed just being part of the ride from day one and before. But he did something pretty remarkable. But I don't profess to be a political savant," she continued.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“I instead like to focus on areas where I can add positive value, where I can contribute to the agenda,” Ivanka said. “Policies around workforce development, around ensuring that barriers are removed from around the working family. Policies that enable that family to survive. Focusing on how we can help our veterans–and how we can really deliver them the care that they so need. Focusing on issues related to the really devastating opioid problem we have in this country.”
When it comes to his daughter, President Donald Trump isn't one to withhold praise. Throughout his campaign and his administration, Trump has repeatedly called attention to her accomplishments, a pattern that was repeated during the G-20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany a few weeks ago.
"I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka, always have been from day one. I have to tell you that. She's always been great—a champion, she's a champion," the president said before the launch of a new women's economic empowerment initiative.
He also called attention to the fact that his political stances and harmful rhetoric could be negatively impacting his daughter's carefully manicured public image. "If she weren't my daughter it would be so much easier for her. It might be the only bad thing she has going, if you wanna know the truth."
Here's how Ivanka's political role in the White House has evolved:
June
Ivanka made her first trip to Capitol Hill in June, to discuss paid family leave as part of the Trump administration's "workforce week."
Following the hour-long conversation with Senator Marco Rubio and other lawmakers, Ivanka tweeted, "Just left a productive meeting on the Hill to discuss issues affecting American working families, including childcare & paid family leave!"
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Just left a productive meeting on the Hill to discuss issues affecting American working families, including childcare & paid family leave! — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) June 20, 2017
Her comments may be part of a sustained effort to sidestep the intense criticism that has been aimed at her father. Earlier this month, on the president-approved television program Fox and Friends, Ivanka Trump revealed that she was surprised by the "ferocity" of her father's critics.
"There is a level of viciousness that I was not expecting," she said. "I was not expecting the intensity of this experience, but this is not supposed to be easy.”
Ivanka continued, "I didn't expect it to be easy. I think some of the distractions and some of the ferocity, I was a little blindsided by on a personal level.”
While the opposition to the Trump administration has indeed been fervent, some would argue that the reaction matches the president's own fierce, and sometimes violent rhetoric. He did, after all, suggest at a rally last summer that "second amendment people"—i.e. gun owners—could take matters into their own hands when it came to his opponent at the time, Hillary Clinton.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Also in the interview, Ivanka noted that her father "felt very vindicated" during former FBI Director James Comey's Senate testimony (something her brother Donald Jr. had already broadcast via Twitter) and she announced she will be traveling to Wisconsin with her father Tuesday to tour a technical college, as part of "workforce development week."
May:
In May, Ivanka traveled with her father to Saudi Arabia, Israel, and Italy on his first foreign trip in office. She attended a discussion about economic issues facing women in Saudi Arabia. Trump, who is a practicing Orthodox Jew also visited the Western Wall in Israel with her father, and in Rome, she met with the Pope.
This trip served as the latest development in her increasingly prominent role as special assistant to the president within her father's administration.
According to White House officials, Ivanka Trump also plans to review some of President Trump's executive orders before they are signed, reports the New York Times.
Additionally, the Times also reports that Ivanka initiated a weekly meeting with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, and has discussed humanitarian aid in Syria with United Nations ambassador Nikki Haley.
While the first daughter is clearly gaining influence and power, within the West Wing, as of the beginning of May, she still maintained that she's “still at the early stages of learning how everything works.” Like her father, Ivanka has no political experience to speak of, though she did say, "I know enough now to be a much more proactive voice inside the White House."
April:
One area in which Ivanka appeared to use her voice early was on the refugee crisis in Syria. She vocally disagreed with her father's policy on the issue in an interview in April, a marked departure from her lack of public dissent in the past. “I think there is a global humanitarian crisis that's happening, and we have to come together and we have to solve it,” Ivanka told NBC.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
When asked about whether the solution to the crisis would include opening America's borders to Syrian refugees, Ivanka said, "That has to be part of the discussion. But that's not going to be enough in and of itself." (President Trump's revised travel ban, which went into effect on March 16, bars all Syrian refugees from entering the United States for 120 days.)
The statement is a significant change for Ivanka, who has been criticized for her silence since her father took office.
In an interview with Gayle King in early April, Ivanka defended herself against those critics. "I think there are multiple ways to have your voice heard. In some cases, it's through protest and it's through going on the nightly news and talking about or denouncing every issue on which you disagree with. Other times it is quietly and directly and candidly. So where I disagree with my father, he knows it. And I express myself with total candor," she said.
"I think most of the impact I have, over time most people will not actually know about.”
While the trip to Israel, Italy, and Saudia Arabia marked Trump's first trip as president, Ivanka had previously attended the W20 Summit in Germany, where she was personally invited to attend a panel on women's entrepreneurship by German Chancellor Angela Merkel; however, once there, she was met with boos as she spoke about her father's commitment to women's issues.
"That is something I'm very proud of my father's advocacy, long before he came into the presidency, he championed this in the primaries. He's been a tremendous champion of supporting families and enabling them to thrive," she said, as the crowd turned negative.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"I've certainly heard the criticism from the media and that's been perpetuated, but I know from personal experience, and I think the thousands of women who have worked with and for my father for decades when he was in the private sector are a testament to his belief and solid conviction in the potential of women and their ability to do the job as well as any man," she said.
"So I think in my personal experience—and you were asking me about my role as daughter—and as adviser, as a daughter, I can speak on a very personal level knowing that he encouraged me and enabled me to thrive.”
(From L to R) Juliana Rotich (BRCK Founder), Anne Finucane (Vizepresident Bank of America, Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, Ivanka Trump, daughter and adviser of U.S. President Donald Trump, Stephanie Bschorr, President of the Association of German Female Entrepreneurs, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Dutch Queen Maxima and Mona Kueppers, Chairwoman of the German Women's Council, Christine Lagarde, Director of the IMF, Nicola Leibinger-Kammüller (Trumpf GmbH) and German Minister for Family Affairs Manuela Schwesig pose for a photo prior to the W20 Summit in Berliin Berlin. Maurizio Gambarini/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
In addition to the panel, which also featured Queen Máxima of the Netherlands, IMF's Managing Director Christine Lagarde, Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland, Bank of America's Vice Chairwoman Anne Finucane, BRCK's Juliana Roth, and Trumpf GmbH + Co. KG President Nicola Leibinger-Kammüller, Ivanka plans to visit a technical college, the U.S. embassy, the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe during her time in Berlin. She will also attend a gala dinner before leaving.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Accompanying Ivanka on the trip was her new chief of staff, Julie Radford, who was hired just last week. Radford had previously worked under President George W. Bush's education secretary Margaret Spellings and then went on to become a consultant for Goldman Sachs. According to Politico, Radford was recruited for the position by Dina Powell, deputy National Security Advisor for strategy (and Ivanka's close adviser), who also worked in the Bush White House.
Much like the rest of Ivanka's role in her father's administration, a special assistant having her own chief of staff is rather unusual, and it is unclear at this point what responsibilities Radford will be taking on.
Ivanka and her youngest, Theodore, pose in the White House this spring. Alamy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
March:
Just one week after it was announced that the first daughter had been given her own office in the West Wing and security clearance, but not official government job, her role within her father's administration was amplified primarily due to concerns over ethics. She will reportedly serve as an unpaid adviser to her father, and will hold the title of special assistant to the president. This is the first time a first child has held a formal position within her father's administration.
February:
Despite having said repeatedly that she would leave the duties of first lady to her stepmother, Melania, Ivanka has taken on a number of ceremonial responsibilities so far in her father's White House.
In early February, she accompanied the president to Dover Air Force Base to honor the remains of the U.S. Navy SEAL who was killed during a raid on al Qaeda militants in Yemen. Ivanka and her father reportedly spent a few hours with the family of Chief Special Warfare Operator William "Ryan" Owens, who was the first known military casualty of the Trump presidency.
She has also met with foreign leaders, including Benjamin Netanyahu. Earlier this month, Ivanka sat in on a meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and was seen at the Broadway show "Come from Away" with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
January:
An official role in her father's administration is complicated by uncertainty over whether or not Ivanka has officially stepped down from her positions within the Trump Organization and her eponymous fashion line.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
On January 11, she posted the above statement on Facebook which says that she will "no longer be involved with the management or operations of either company." The post prompted whispers that she was trying to combat a conflict of interest as she took on a position in her father's administration.
However, the Trump Organization has yet to release company documents proving Ivanka's resignation.
The Associated Press Contributed to this story.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Bill Belichick's impressive resume makes it easy for the five-time championship head coach to mandate that players check their egos before joining the New England Patriots.
Doug Pederson didn't have a hard sell, either.
The Philadelphia Eagles are an unselfish group that prioritizes winning over personal accomplishments. It's a major reason why the Eagles (15-3) are playing the Patriots (15-3) in the Super Bowl on Sunday.
“It's a group that doesn't really care who gets the ball. The bottom line is trying to win the game,” Pederson said. “I didn't have to sell it too much.”
Pederson was 7-9 last year in his rookie season as head coach but has guided the Eagles from worst to first in search of the franchise's first NFL title since 1960. He found a way to blend a young locker room with a mix of accomplished veterans.
The team added veteran receivers Alshon Jeffrey and Torrey Smith, running backs LeGarrette Blount and Jay Ajayi, defensive linemen Chris Long and Tim Jernigan and defensive backs Ronald Darby, Patrick Robinson and Corey Graham.
“I can remember this team showing up in April and talking about being at this place, talking about our dreams, aspirations and focusing on a grind,” safety Malcolm Jenkins said.
“Guys being unselfish, adding guys along the way that added to the team and continued to push, and every time we won and had some success — we even had some adversity — the team believed more and more. It's been awesome to be a part of.”
Blount led the NFL with 18 touchdowns rushing and earned his second Super Bowl ring last season in New England. He didn't get a carry in a loss at Kansas City in Week 2 and never complained. Same with Jeffery, who went from No. 1 receiver in Chicago to being one of the guys in Philadelphia.
“We couldn't care less how many catches or how many carries or how many yards any one guy has,” Blount said. “We all have one common goal in hand. We all have one thing that we all want more than anything. You can't be selfish when everybody has one common goal because you have to make sacrifices for the best of the team. We've done that and it's gotten us this far.”
Pederson set the tone and Carson Wentz carried it out with his team-first attitude and that filtered down the roster.
“He's the humblest guy you come across,” Pederson said. “He'll give it right back to the team.”
It was a smooth transition to Nick Foles after Wentz got hurt. Foles also is a respected leader who leads by example. It's not a coincidence the Eagles sought this type of player.
“This is the most selfless team I've ever been around,” Pro Bowl tight end Zach Ertz said. “Guys don't care about stats. They only care about winning. Doug is the best coach I've been around in managing players. He lets us show our personalities and if he needs to talk to somebody, he does it quietly and in a mild-mannered way. His selfless leadership is a big reason we're here.”
The team is one of the closest-knit groups in the league and players genuinely care about each other and spent plenty of time together.
“When you see guys hanging out with players from other position groups, it's special,” defensive tackle Fletcher Cox said. “I would go eat dinner with Donnie Jones. You don't see a guy hanging out with a punter.”
If the Eagles win a few championships, perhaps the standard Pederson has set will eventually become similar to Belichick's Patriot Way. They have to get the first win first.
——
AP NFL website: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP–RobMaaddi
BOSS BRIAN McDermott praised the toughness of players who battled through the pain barrier in Leeds Rhinos' 42-22 win over Widnes Vikings yesterday.
BOSS BRIAN McDermott praised the toughness of players who battled through the pain barrier in Leeds Rhinos' 42-22 win over Widnes Vikings yesterday.
Ashton Golding and Liam Sutcliffe missed out after being hurt in the win at Hull on Good Friday and Ash Handley was called into the side despite struggling with a knee problem.
McDermott revealed Stevie Ward, who returned from a hamstring injury against Hull and Brett Delaney were also carrying knocks.
Anthony Mullally has joined Rhinos' casualty list after suffering suspected fractured ribs in the first half yesterday.
“Stevie was a doubt for the Hull game,” McDermott revealed. “We are down some troops at the moment through suspensions and injuries.
“He probably should not have played at Hull, so for him to back up and play at centre is a really big effort from him.
“Brett Delaney has been carrying a hamstring for a number of weeks and Ash Handley took himself out of a [knee] brace after being told he'd be four to six weeks.
“I think he's been about nine days in the brace and took himself out to play. There's another fella who probably should not have played.
“There was some real toughness. The medics would advise them all to spend longer on the sidelines before coming back, but we are not afforded that luxury.”
Rhinos led 30-6 at half-time, but saw Widnes cut the gap to just eight points before two late
tries sealed the win.
McDermott said: “There were a couple of things involved in the second half, not the least Widnes' desire to get back into the game.
“I think we were running at something like a 40 per cent completion rate in the second half and I don't care who you are, how good a coach you are or what type of team you've got, nobody can keep challenging against any team like that.
“They are a determined team. The last thing we wanted to do was give them an invite into the game and that's exactly what we did.
“Credit to Widnes, they made it a contest when, if we had gone about things differently, it never would have been.”
Of the effect of two games in such a short period, McDermott said: “Everyone's in the same boat.
“I can't be too critical. I am not too down on the players about it.
“We found ourselves in a situation where we were fighting for the game and we should never have been.
“We can get angry about that if you like, but you have to deal with the situation itself and I thought the players showed some maturity and some toughness.
“I won't get too wrapped up in the second half. It made it interesting and entertaining and got everybody all anxious, but the real focus point for us will be the first half.
“We were really clinical and looked great, full of energy.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Even rock stars have to comply with the sweeping new data privacy law that takes effect in Europe on Friday.
The Rolling Stones sent out an email on Wednesday asking their fans to confirm that they'd like to stay on the band's mailing list.
“You have probably had many emails like this land in your inbox in the last few weeks, regarding the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),” the email states.
That's putting it lightly.
Email inboxes have been awash with similar messages in recent weeks as companies that hold user data send legally required messages letting people know about changes to privacy policies and, in some cases, asking users to opt-in if they want to continue receiving emails.
Not a Stones fan? How about Cher?
The emails highlight just how far Europe's new regulations are expected to reach. While the law will be enforced in Europe, in many cases it also extends stronger data privacy protections to Americans, according to experts.
The new rules, called the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, take effect on Friday and enforce the principle that each person owns their own data and has a right to walk away with it from any company. Companies holding consumer data are also required to notify regulators of a breach within 72 hours and could face fines as steep as 4 percent of their annual revenue for mishandling customer data and potentially be required to reimburse users for the cost of their data.
Users may be tempted to click through these notifications, but Lou Jordano, chief marketing officer of the brand analysis firm Crimson Hexagon, said there's now a “unique opportunity for consumers to take control.”
“There is a ton of information that is out there and people are perhaps being bombarded, but it would behoove them to read it and pay attention to it,” he said.
While some emails serve only as notifications of the upcoming changes, including a user's right to personal data, some groups are asking for subscribers to opt-in if they want to continue hearing from them after Friday.
An easy way to corral the email notifications is to do a search for keywords — such as GDPR, privacy or personal data — to ensure emails that might have been sent before last week are also included in the list to review. This is one way to see who has your data.
“There are certainly a lot of emails to go through and that speaks to how many digital technologies we encounter day to day, and for most people it's not practical or feasible to go through every privacy policy you encounter every time you encounter an app or a website,” said Lindsey Barrett, policy fellow at the nonprofit think tank Future of Privacy Forum.
The good news is: You don't have to read every single privacy policy, unless you really, really want to.
Companies that a subscriber already does business with may not ask people to take any additional steps in order to continue receiving emails. Other groups, such as the Rolling Stones mailing list, do present subscribers with a button to click if they want to consider receiving updates. If they don't click it, they won't be hearing from Mick Jagger again — at least in their inbox.
When looking through the list of emails, Barrett recommends asking the questions: “Is it a site you trust? Is it a site you didn't know had your data? ”
In that case, these emails can be a “scary and good” wake-up call about just how many companies have your information — and motivation to take steps to ensure those companies delete your data, Barrett said.
People should “consider the source and evaluate the language they're being bombarded with,” Jordano said. ”You have the opportunity now to pick who you are going to have a conversation with.”
In the event of a future data breach, American users could also be entitled to legal remedies against companies that are established in the European Union and process user data there, Barrett said.
An American “could bring a case concerning a violation of the GDPR to the domestic court where the company is established,” she said. Some American companies, including Facebook and LinkedIn, have already taken steps to move their non-E.U. users outside of the reach of European regulators.
While GDPR is timely and comes in the wake of the Cambridge Analytica data harvesting scandal on Facebook, the two have nothing to do with each other. The regulation was adopted by European Parliament in April 2016 and companies were given two years to become compliant.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg told members of the European Parliament on Tuesday that the company will be GDPR compliant by Friday. On Thursday, Facebook took the rare step of asking its more than two billion users to review and make choices on privacy details such as facial recognition and advertising information they've chosen to share on their profile. Facebook had previously prompted users in the European Union to review their settings with a similar experience, according to Erin Egan, chief privacy officer at Facebook.
Barrett said GDPR is having an “expansive effect” and will hopefully spur more discussion and action about privacy laws in the United States.
“GDPR is making some changes that aren't in American policy law such as data portability and the right to withdraw,” she said. “It's a chance for companies and American privacy law to take a look in the mirror and see where everything is.”
Chelsea start title defence against Burnley
Premier League champions Chelsea will begin their title defence with a home game against Burnley.
The 2017/18 fixtures have been announced this morning and they have the Blues hosting the Clarets at Stamford Bridge on August 12.
But most Blues fans will already be letting their minds wander to the following week when they will play an away match against Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley.
They also have home games against Arsenal and Manchester City before the end of September in what looks like a tough start to the campaign for Antonio Conte's side.
Chelsea host newly promoted Brighton and Hove Albion at Stamford Bridge on Boxing Day, but the pick of the festive fixtures is a New Year's Day trip to the Emirates Stadium to face Arsenal.
The season finishes away at another of the promoted teams – former Blues manager Rafa Benitez's Newcastle United – on May 13.
All dates are subject to change for TV broadcast.
Unfortunately, the predominant exposure most non-Indigenous people get to Indigenous-inspired designs is through cheap souvenirs and tourist trinkets, says Paul.
Despite the fact that many Indigenous communities boast master weavers, beaders, and applique artists, they have yet to receive broader recognition for their talents, she says.
"(It's) because of colonization and because of the commodification of our culture and I think a lot of it has been cheapened through that," says the 34-year-old.
"You can go to any Canadian tourist store and buy a really cheap piece of beaded work that's not even made here in Canada.... It costs more money to do one of a kind custom-made pieces."
By nature, the fashion industry has not been friendly to emerging creators who more often work-to-order or only make small batches, she adds. Those on remote reserves are at a further disadvantage because tools, materials and shipping are more expensive.
"We're not going to be able to mass produce at the level that a major retailer would want. I'm hoping to change or to start influencing how we work with Indigenous designers ... to look at purchasing lower quantities and understanding the value with that," she says.
"By bringing everyone to Toronto I'm really hoping that that sparks some sort of interest and motivation for retailers and buyers to actively go out and find these designers, regardless of where they're located."
With sustainable fashion now trendy in the broader fashion world, Paul hopes Indigenous techniques and knowledge can be recognized for their value. She points to the inspiring work of Janelle Wawia, a self-taught artist from northwestern Ontario who traps her own furs and leather.
"We know where the food goes — it goes into the community to feed community members, bones are used for tools and the fur is used for whatever is being made out of the clothing."
Ducharme says he's added 10 new pieces to a collection he revealed at Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week last summer, and will unveil his reimagined showcase in part to combat notions that designs are disposable from season-to-season.
The 25-year-old — whose designs are not geared specifically to men or women, but rather "genderless" wearers — says welcoming new ideas is key to fashion's future.
And he's got plenty to offer.
"My work is always going to be an ode to those ancestors who did everything that they could so that my generation and the generations to come after me would have a better tomorrow."
Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto starts Thursday and runs through Sunday.
———
Online: www.ifwtoronto.com
By Cassandra Szklarski, The Canadian Press
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Alex Smith, Travis Kelce and the rest of the Kansas City Chiefs have goals far bigger than simply winning the AFC West.
The Chiefs finished off their domination of the division when they beat the last-place Chargers 37-27 Sunday in possibly the final NFL game in San Diego.
“Right now it's awesome that we won it and we're happy that we achieved that goal, but everything is kind of moving forward and we've got our eyes set on the biggest prize yet, and that's getting a Super Bowl win,” said Kelce, the star tight end. “There's no doubt in my mind that we can go get that thing.”
The Chiefs haven't been to the Super Bowl since beating Minnesota following the 1969 season.
San Diego fired coach Mike McCoy after the game.
Smith threw for two touchdowns and ran for another for the Chiefs (12-4), who clinched the division with the win and Oakland's loss at Denver.
Smith, who went to nearby Helix High in La Mesa, scored on a 5-yard scramble early in the second quarter to tie the game at 10. He threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide-open Charcandrick West later in the quarter to put the Chiefs ahead for good. That followed the first of two interceptions of Philip Rivers that led to 10 points for the Chiefs.
“For us it was such a big swing, to go from potentially playing a road game in the wild card to a bye and hosting a game,” Smith said. “There was no in-between there. We took care of our end and got some help from Denver, so it was pretty sweet.
“We saw the score there at the end, and we had our deal sealed up. Pretty awesome, and to win the division is special as well, that's something that this group hasn't done.
“It's crazy to sweep the division,” he said of going 6-0.
Smith was intercepted once, on a deflected pass that Jahleel Addae returned 90 yards for a touchdown to pull the Chargers (5-11) to 20-17 in the third quarter. Smith came right back and threw a 2-yard scoring pass to West, who again was wide open.
Rookie Tyreek Hill showed some fancy footwork in returning a punt 95 yards for a touchdown in the final minute of the third quarter.
MCCOY FIRED
McCoy was 27-37 in four seasons, with the Chargers having lost 23 of their last 32 games. They've also lost 13 of their last 14 AFC West games dating to late in the 2014 season. He had one year left on his contract.
THE LA OPTION
For the second straight year, the Chargers were playing perhaps their final game in San Diego.
Last year, Chairman Dean Spanos was in the process of trying to move the team to Carson to share a stadium with the rival Raiders. That plan was defeated by fellow NFL owners in January, but Spanos was given the option to move to LA if he couldn't come up with a way to replace aging Qualcomm Stadium. A Nov. 8 ballot measure asking for $1 billion in increased hotel occupancy taxes to help fund a new downtown stadium was overwhelmingly voted down.
Spanos has until Jan. 15 to announce whether he'll move the team
The Rolling Stones' “The Last Time” played on the PA during a break in the action after a Chiefs field goal made it 37-20 late in the game.
Smith, for one, hopes that doesn't happen. He grew up in the San Diego area and played at Qualcomm Stadium in high school championship games and in college when Utah visited San Diego State.
“For me growing up here, I think it'd be tragic if there wasn't a team here. If there wasn't football in this town, it would be weird for me.”
GATESY
Chargers tight end Antonio Gates tied Tony Gonzalez for the most touchdown catches in NFL history by a tight end with 111.
Gates tied the mark on a 2-yard toss from Rivers early in the second quarter to give the Chargers a 10-3 lead. Gates caught the ball and extended it in his right hand to break the plane.
The Chargers tried to get Gates sole possession of the record in the fourth quarter but couldn't.
“They were not going to let him get that touchdown,” Rivers said. “I was looking at him every other time, too. We did the best we could.”
Late in the game, Rivers threw a 12-yard TD pass to San Diego's other tight end, wide-open rookie Hunter Henry.
RIVERS PICKOFFS
Rivers was intercepted twice to set a career high with 21. Rivers' previous high was 20 in 2011.
“We gave ourselves a chance. We turned it over twice. which killed us,” Rivers said.
INJURIES: Chiefs S Eric Berry left with an ankle injury in the second half. Chargers S Darrell Stuckey left with a knee injury, LB Christopher Landrum suffered a concussion and G Orlando Franklin had a shoulder injury.
By KATHLEEN FOODY
Associated Press
DENVER (AP) - Colorado's largest city is reviewing the first application from a business seeking to be among the nation's first legal marijuana clubs, a step that comes more than a year after voters approved a bring-your-own pot measure.
Dan Rowland, a spokesman for the Denver department that regulates marijuana businesses, said the city received the application from the Coffee Joint on Friday.
Co-owners Rita Tsalyuk and Kirill Merkulov plan to charge a $5 entry fee if they're approved for the license. Customers could use edible pot products or vaporizing pens inside, and the shop would sell food, host events and provide free coffee or tea, she said.
Denver voters approved the clubs in a 2016 ballot measure, but it took nine months for the city to start accepting applications. Advocates have complained that state restrictions preventing pot use at any business with a liquor license and the city's own rules unfairly limited potential locations for the clubs.
For instance, the city required pot clubs to be twice as far from schools and anywhere else children gather as liquor stores.
Customers buying marijuana products often ask where they are allowed to legally use it, and employees have few answers for tourists staying in hotels that ban marijuana use, Tsalyuk said.
Colorado law doesn't address pot clubs. In some cities, they are tolerated, while others operate secretly.
Other states with legal marijuana are at a standstill for developing rules governing places to consume pot products, including Alaska, where state regulators have delayed discussion of rules for retail shops until spring.
It could be months before Denver residents and tourists would be allowed to legally vape or eat pot products at the Coffee Joint. The city said it has just started to review the application and a public hearing will probably be scheduled within two to three months.
In the meantime, Tsalyuk and Merkulov want to open their business before the end of the year as a traditional coffee shop. For their 1,850-square-foot space, they plan to convert a garage to a space for "vape and paint" events, open a smaller room for private events and put in comfortable furniture.
"We want to give a better name to the cannabis industry and be good for residents, too," Tsalyuk said.
The proposal has the backing of a local neighborhood association, which submitted a letter of support to the city. Applicants have to show community support for their proposal as part of the licensing process.
Aubrey Lavizzo, a member of the La Alma Lincoln Park Neighborhood Association, said the club backers attended two of their meetings and invited members to tour the dispensary.
"They've shown us that they really want to be good neighbors," said Lavizzo, a veterinarian who has had a clinic in the neighborhood for over 30 years.
Merkulov said they are aware of the national and global spotlight on the industry.
"It's a new apex," he said. "We hope to prove this can be managed well and be safe."
___
Associated Press writer Colleen Slevin contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nicaraguan authorities have released some student protesters arrested during anti-government demonstrations over the past week as President Daniel Ortega seeks to lower tensions.
With freshly shaved heads and some bearing bruises they said were inflicted by police during their captivity, students were dropped along a highway on the outskirts of the capital.
The police said in a statement Tuesday that students were handed over to their families and religious committees.
Ortega on Sunday repealed a social security overhaul that would have increased contributions and reduced pensions. The changes triggered protests that soon spread beyond the social security system. Right groups say at least 30 people died.
Pablo Cuevas of the Permanent Commission on Human Rights accused police of violating students' due process and being guilty of beatings and theft.
A mom-of-two suffered a stroke after taking the contraceptive pill for just over a year, doctors believe.
Natalie Trickett suddenly collapsed and lost feeling on the right side of her face and her eyesight.
The 28-year-old was told by medics they believed her stroke was triggered by taking the Microgynon pill.
Natalie who was otherwise healthy, and competed in crossfit competitions, said: “Strokes are a potential risk of the Pill as they can lead to an increased risk of blood clots.
“Until you have been a victim of a stroke yourself, you don't realise how real a risk it is.”
Natalie, who lives near Preston, said she first realised something was wrong when she started to lose the feeling in the right side of her face.
She then remembers not being able to feel her lips at all, and then began to hallucinate.
As she went downstairs to sort breakfast for her two sons and husband, Natalie collapsed.
Her mom took her to the GP, who told Natalie it was likely a migraine and sent her home with tablets and advising she went for an eye test.
But, during the test, an optician at Burnley Hospital spotted the mom-of-two had suffered a stroke.
Natalie, who is now 32, said: “I was so shocked, I panicked and fainted and it was all a bit of a blur.”
She claimed specialists at the Royal Blackburn Hospital told her they thought the stroke had been caused by the contraceptive pill.
Natalie, who is mom to sons Luke, nine and Logan eight, said: “I was taking the Microgynon contraceptive pill at the time and had been taking it for about a year.
“Strokes are a potential risk of the pill as they can lead to an increased risk of blood clots.
“There was no other reason for me suffering a stroke at such a young age.
“I don't drink or smoke and they checked out my heart and everything was fine with that.”
Natalie said that apart from her peripheral vision, she has made a good recovery and considers herself very lucky.
She said: “I have blank spots in my vision and I can't do things like play tennis any more because I can't see the ball properly.
“I also had to re-do my driving test and was determined to pass it which I did.”
Natalie, who is a carer for her son Luke who has disabilities, is now hoping to go back to university to get a degree and become a teaching assistant.
She said she wants to make people aware that strokes are a real side effect of the contraceptive pill and about the devastating impact a stroke can make on your life.
She said: “I don't think there is enough awareness or information about the side effects of the pill and how it can cause a stroke and what a stroke can do to your life.
“People assume strokes only happen to older people over the age of 50 and I probably thought the same before it happened to me.”
A Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Agency (MHRA) spokesperson said: “Women should continue to take their contraceptive pill.
“These are very safe, highly effective medicines for preventing unintended pregnancy and the benefits associated with their use far outweigh the risks.
“The safety of contraceptive pills has been reviewed at European level and the review confirmed that the risk of blood clots with all contraceptives is small.
“Prescribers and women should, however, be aware of the possible risk factors for blood clots and the key signs and symptoms.
“If women have questions, they should discuss them with their GP or contraceptive provider at their next routine appointment but should keep taking their contraceptive until they have done so.”
This article first appeared on The Sun.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. — Syracuse guard Tyus Battle has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and return to school for his junior year.
Battle says in a statement on the university website that he feels it's in his best interest “to focus on improving some fine points” in his game and work toward his degree.
Battle says he plans to re-enter the draft next year and calls his decision to return an easy one.
Battle had a standout sophomore season, leading Division I in average minutes played and the Orange in scoring at 19.2 points per game. That earned him a second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection, and his 712 points were the most for a sophomore in school history.
There is another traffic alert for drivers in Henderson.
Green Street will be closed from Sand Lane to Washington Street starting Monday night at 6 p.m.
Crews with Henderson Water Utility will be working on the water line.
The street will reopen each morning at 7 a.m.
Local traffic can detour on Sand Lane to Atkinson to Washington.
All truck traffic is urged to use the Kentucky 425 Bypass or the Sand Lane detour.
There is no word yet on how long the work will last.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-08-14
Former President Jerry John Rawlings
A group calling itself Integrity Against Corruption (I.A.C) which professes association to the National Democratic Congress has condemned recent attacks on former President Jerry Rawlings.
Many party people have taken Rawlings to the cleaners and questioned his motives for constantly charging the party and officials of corruption, a move often met with denials by party officials.
About a fortnight ago Rawlings partook in this year's celebration of the Asafotufiami festival of the chiefs and people of Ada, during which he blamed corruption within the Mahama administration as part of the causes for the NDC's defeat in the December 2016 polls.
This time around a few others hit back at the party founder, calling him names.
Of note were the reposts of former Deputy Chief of Staff in the Mahama government, Vallerie Sawyerr and former NDC chairman, Dr. Obed Asamoah.
But I.A.C. at a press conference addressed by Selorm Hamenoo at Agbozume in the Ketu South District on Monday, said all the attacks on Rawlings were calculated at covering up the truth within the party.
He said events of the recent past have caused some party members to question whether the NDC of today is the same old NDC.
“Ladies and Gentlemen of the press will recall how NDC has trumpeted over the years for a country devoid of corruption. You will also easily recall the passion with which our founder has fought corruption all his life.
“Unfortunately however, the word “corruption” seems to have become a taboo word within certain circles of the NDC, especially if it comes from the lips of His Excellency former President Rawlings.”
The group said insulting J. J. Rawlings is nothing but a tactical move to overshadow the truth.
“Insulting one of our illustrious sons of the land, Flt. Lt. J J Rawlings, through whose instrumentality we are credited highly on the continent and the world will result in nothing but a deep seated fracture of our party.
“We want to put it in a simple language, ‘No Rawlings, No NDC!!! He's the moving spirit and energy of the party. Check it up.”
The group explained that the NDC cannot afford to debase the very principles that united it and made it strong to champion the hopes and aspirations of the Ghanaian.
“The I.A.C believes strongly in the values and the principles instituted by the founder J.J. Rawlings, as guiding principles vital for perpetuating good governance, rule of law and Justice. It is important to note that allowing a few people whose interest is to clinch power, come what may, will only diminish the fortunes of our great party.
“Let them stop the wickedness of perpetuating falsehood. Let us fight corruption. Let us unite as a party determined to win elections to better the lot of our countrymen and women.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, we would like to conclude our message by re-affirming our unflinching support and faith in the founder, J J Rawlings, and to solemnly declare that any spite on His Excellency is a spite against the grassroots of the NDC.”
AUSTIN, Texas — Texas has unveiled a formal plan to overhaul special education statewide, after federal officials found that services were for years illegally denied to students with disabilities.
The Texas Education Agency released a draft plan in January. It conducted 100-plus feedback focus groups with students, parents, teachers and school administrators before releasing Tuesday's final plan.
It calls for increasing special education staffing, providing better special education training for teachers and creating more tools for parents of children with suspected disabilities.
Texas also will assist school districts in identifying and helping thousands of students who were previously denied services.
The U.S. Department of Education previously concluded that Texas school districts, for more than a decade beginning in 2004, illegally capped the number of special education students at 8.5 per cent of total enrolment.
A Real Estate Fund Providing REIT Exposure While Mitigating Risk
Tom Youn, CFA, is Managing Director and Portfolio Manager for Guggenheim Investments. Mr. Youn joined Guggenheim Investments in 2009 as a Portfolio Manager focusing on REITs and other publicly traded real estate equities. Earlier, Mr. Youn worked at Cliffwood Partners LLC, where he was a real estate generalist covering REITs and real estate C-Corps in the U.S. and Canada. He also assisted with portfolio construction and development of key investment themes and exposure targets for hedged and long-only real estate strategies.Before that, Mr. Youn was a Senior Equity Research Associate for Green Street Advisors covering the retail REIT sector. He gained private real estate market experience as an Acquisition Associate for AEW Capital Management's direct investments group, where he underwrote real estate acquisitions across all major property types and performed asset management functions including new lease underwriting, periodic reporting, valuations, and management of third-party service providers. Mr. Youn received a degree in finance from the University of Southern California. Profile
Mr. Youn: My name is Thomas Youn of Guggenheim Partners.
TWST: Why don't you tell me a little bit about what field you work in and what its
Outrage in Makurdi as Suspected Fulani Herdsmen Slaughter Priests, 17 Worshippers
It was a black Tuesday morning for residents and Christian community at Ayar Mbalom in Gwer East local government area of Benue state, as armed Fulani herdsmen desecrated the church killing two priests and 17 worshippers.
Among the victims were two Rev Fathers whose names were given as; Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha, two primary school headmasters; Peter Dick and Ape Chia, also a secondary school principal whose name was given as Michael Tor and fourteen other worshipers.
The victims had gone to morning mass at St Ignatius Quasi Parish when their attackers who had laid ambush on the community swopped on them around 5.30 am and snuffed the life out of them.
Not satisfied, the herdsmen militia extended their terror to other villagers burnt their houses numbering about 100.
It was gathered that the whole community was sacked by invading marauders who had a field day to unleash terror on the sleepy community.
According to locals, the herdsmen might have laid ambush on the community since the wee hours only for them to strike the early hour of the day when some of the villagers went to appreciate God for making it to a new day.
Angered by the ugly development, the director of communication, Catholic Diocese of Makurdi, Rev. Father Moses Lorapuu described it as ‘attack by herdsmen/Jihadists.
While confirming the attack on the church, Iorapuu said, ‘this is to confirm that Rev. Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha have been killed in the deadly attack by herdsmen/Jihadists early today (Tuesday) on Mbalom village and St. Ignatius Quasi Parish Ukpor-Mbalom.'
The Rev Father disclosed that the herdsmen attacked in their true and classic style, burnt down homes, destroyed food items and killed at will, adding, “to go for the Priests means total destruction of everything we stand for and believe in, as a people.”
“The police seem to know nothing of the attacks which have been going on in other villages within Benue State since the Anti Open Grazing Law came into effect last year”.
“Many people are asking why the International community has remained silent over the massacre of Benue citizens”
“The answer is simple: It has been the goal of the Jihadists to conquer Benue and Tiv people who resisted their advance into the middle belt and the Eastern part of Nigeria since 1804, the people who rejected Islam and fought for the unification of Nigeria in the civil war of 1967 – 1970”, Iorapuu fumed.
He lamented that the people of the state have found themselves in a terrible situation having sacrificed their lives to fight the people of Eastern Nigeria which may have little sympathy for Benue people because they (Benue) fought on the side of Nigeria, stressing that the Muslim North is enjoying a sweet revenge overshadowed by an insensitive regime.
The Reverend Father explained that there were over 170,000 internally displaced persons before the Naka invasion and surely with the current situation in Mbalom, Benue will be flooded with thousands more.
“What cannot be said at this point is the consequences of the death of Missionaries in the silent killings that have been ignored by the government for over a year.
“The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi, which is one of the largest Dioceses in Nigeria, has been active in providing relief materials including education and skills acquisition lessons”, he said
The State Commissioner of Police, Fatai Owoseni who confirmed the incident said that some armed bandits suspected to be Fulani Herdsmen numbering about 30 attacked a church killing two priests and 16 others.
“Immediately we got this information, We quickly moved in there to do a wider aerial surveillance in pursuit of these attackers to see if we can see them.
“After doing a wider coverage of the general area, we also went to the church where this incident happened. That was where we were told on the spot that these attackers came by 5 am, went into the church and to the venue of a burial that was going on where the priest was supposed to officiate.
“These attackers came about thirty in numbers and the target was the priest and of course the venue of the burial.As at the time l left the place, we were able to see 16 dead bodies including the two priests that were killed.
“The police have taken over the corpses and we have deployed and with the wider aerial coverage and surveillance we did, with the help of the people in the village, we were able to get into the bush to see if we can still lay hands on these people.
“We will intensify our search to go after these people wherever they may hide. We will also work on the information from the members of public there because we believe that they must have been hanging around the place to have committed the act at 5 am. So, we still believe that they would be somewhere around there.
“These are armed marauders who are going about killing people and we will go after them with all the resources.
Also reacting, the state acting governor Benson Abounu expressed concern about the constant attacks.
Abounu described it as an attack well planned, coordinated and executed.
According to him, “let me say categorically that this is another black day in Benue. I am saddened, the governor who is on leave is saddened, Benue people are very sad because I can put it now that Benue is under siege.
“We have been attacked from all corners and this is unacceptable.
“What happened today is a calculated attack, well planned, and well executed. They must have taken their time and they hit their target and they got what they desired to.
The acting governor said police have been able to recover 16 corpses, saying that one had earlier been brought to Makurdi.
“As I talk to you now,all the corpses have been brought to Makurdi including the two Reverend Fathers killed right inside the church.
“That is a new dimension of attacks because it has never happened before and therefore is very worrying.I also understand that 17 there people lost their lives”, Abounu said
Meanwhile, the protest has got to the capital city, Makurdi due to the killings of two Catholic Priests and 17 worshippers during morning mass at Ayar Mom community of Gwer East LGA of Benue State.
There is an apprehension all over the capital city as the major market like Wadatta and Wurukum were hurriedly shut in the afternoon.
While the Corpses were being driven to town, the irate youth took over the major raids and streets including the ever busy Makurdi/Gboko, Makurdi/Kafia road and the Wurukum Roundabout.
The irate youths also set bonfires in and across the major streets in Makurdi metropolis.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Outrage in Makurdi as Suspected Fulani Herdsmen Slaughter Priests, 17 Worshippers appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CINCINNATI — The Cincinnati Reds traded right-hander Dylan Floro and a minor league pitcher to the Los Angeles Dodgers for two minor league pitchers on Wednesday.
The Reds also optioned utility player Brandon Dixon to Triple-A Louisville and recalled Tanner Rainey and Cody Reed from Louisville to bolster a depleted bullpen.
The Dodgers sent James Marinan and Anerurys Zabala to the Reds for Floro, Zach Neal and international signing bonus pool space. Marinanwill report to Billings of the rookie-level Pioneer League andZabalato Single-A Dayton.
Floro was 3-2 with a 2.72 earned-run average in 25 relief appearances this season with Cincinnati.
Rainey has no record in five previous stints with the Reds this season. Reed has spent the entire season with the Bats.
Dixon hit .219 with a home run and two runs batted in over 29 games, including 2-for-8 with two RBIs as a pinch-hitter.
Tennis legend Martina Navratilova has hit out at what she called the BBC's "old boys' network," alleging that John McEnroe was paid at least 10 times what she was for commenting at Wimbledon.
"It was a shock because John McEnroe makes at least 150,000 pounds — I get about 15,000 pounds for Wimbledon," Navratilova told the BBC's Panorama program in an excerpt of an interview airing later Monday. "Unless John McEnroe's doing a whole bunch of stuff outside of Wimbledon, he's getting at least 10 times as much money than I am for very comparable work."
McEnroe's pay package was disclosed last July when the U.K.'s public service broadcaster for the first time published the list of its highest-paid on-air talent. The former professional tennis player was shown to earn between 150,000 pounds ($209,000) and 199,999 pounds ($279,000) for a two-week engagement with the network.
Martina Navratilova in the royal box at the Wimbledon Championships in 2011. Sean Dempsey / PA Wire/AP file
The BBC, which is publicly funded, has been heavily criticized over its massive gender pay gap and lack of minority presence since it released its list of top-paid stars last July. Last month, the broadcaster's former China editor Carrie Gracie resigned from her role in anger over what she called "incompetent" efforts to close the gender pay gap.
The former Grand Slam champion — Navratilova won 18 single titles, including a record nine Wimbledon women's trophies — said she asked if she was paid an amount comparable to a man doing a similar duty, and was told yes she was.
"We were not told the truth that's for sure," she said. "The bottom line is that male voices are valued more than women's voices."
But the BBC defended McEnroe's pay package in an statement emailed to NBC News, describing the two commentators' work as "simply not comparable."
"John and Martina perform different roles in the team, and John's role is of a different scale, scope and time commitment," the statement read.
According to the statement, Navratilova was on air 10 times for the BBC during Wimbledon 2017 — including three live match commentaries — and her contact allows her to seek out paid appearances with other U.K. broadcasters.
"Along with [sports commentator] Sue Baker, John is regarded as the face of our Wimbledon coverage," the BBC said about the tennis champ who won seven Grand Slam single titles, including three Wimbledon singles trophies. "He is widely considered to be the best expert [and] commentator in the sport, highly valued by our audiences and his contract means he cannot work for another U.K. broadcaster without our permission."
"His pay reflects all of this; gender isn't a factor," the BBC said.
Sean Spicer, the incoming White House communications director, suggested Sunday that President Obama's imposing Russian sanctions related to email hacking was politically motivated, considering China recently did far worse without punishment.
“Maybe it was; maybe it wasn't,” Spicer said on ABC's “This Week.” “China took over a million records. And a White House statement wasn't even issued. … So there is a question about whether there's a political retribution here versus a diplomatic response.”
Obama, a Democrat leaving office next month after two terms, has insisted the hacking probe is non-political, saying, “There is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections that we need to take action.”
But he also has made clear his belief that the Russian hacking “create(d) more problems for the Clinton campaign than it had for the Trump campaign.”
Obama's announcement Thursday of the sanctions follows the U.S. intelligence community making statements that connect Russia to the hacking and releasing of emails from the Democratic National Committee and John Podesta, the campaign chairman for 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Clinton supporters argue that the emails contributed to Clinton's defeat by Republican nominee Donald Trump.
Spicer insisted several times Sunday that Trump will decide after meeting this week with U.S. intelligence officials about whether Russia and Russian President Vladimir Putin were indeed involved.
Meanwhile, he suggested that Americans, including the mainstream media, immediately and overwhelming accepted the assumption about Russia's involvement without all of the facts.
“Everyone in the media wants to jump forward and make a conclusion based off…anonymous sources that are coming out of the intelligence community,” Spicer said.
He also argued that the Obama administration's report on the sanctions was supposed to prove Russia's involvement but instead pointed out lapses in the DNC's Internet security.
“What this says are that the DNC had a problem with their IT security and people tried to hack it and that (the DNC) needs to do a better job of protecting it,” Spicer said.
He also seemed to suggest that Obama's punitive actions on Russia were politically motivated, considering their severity and because they'll be put in Trump's lap when he takes over the White House in three weeks.
“You haven't seen a response like that in modern history for any action,” Spicer said about Obama expelling 35 Russian diplomats and closing separate Russian compounds in Maryland and New York.
He argued that Obama took no known action two years ago when China took the million-plus records that included sensitive data on federal employees including him.
“They sent everyone who had worked in the government a letter saying that you'll get free monitoring of your credit,” Spicer said. “That's all they did.”
MIAMI — Puerto Rico is working on building emergency management capabilities that would help the Caribbean island withstand future disasters, the head of the U.S. government agency that oversees disaster response said Wednesday, two days before the official start to the Atlantic hurricane season.
Brock Long, head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, spoke at the National Hurricane Center in Miami.
Long said FEMA has been bolstering its resources in the U.S. territory, including hiring roughly 1,600 residents to build local disaster response systems that did not exist before Hurricane Maria hit the island in September, causing an estimated $100 billion in damage.
Even in an unprecedented year with multiple hurricanes and other natural disasters requiring federal response, Puerto Rico presented a challenge for FEMA because its government lacked an organized response structure, Long said.
In Texas and Florida, which were hit last year by hurricanes Harvey and Irma, state and local response efforts were already in place and running smoothly, Long said.
“When it comes to Puerto Rico, unfortunately, what we face is a very fragile and broken infrastructure that decayed over multiple decades. For example, a large portion of the power grid never worked before Irma and Maria,” he said.
Long said FEMA was working with the island's governor to “build a backbone” of staff and resources to make Puerto Rico and its economy more resilient.
Long said he had not read a new study contending that many more deaths than normal occurred in Puerto Rico in the three months after Maria. The study was led by Harvard University researchers, who surveyed a small sample of neighbourhoods and then estimated that up to 4,600 more deaths than usual occurred compared with the same period in 2016.
FEMA does not track hurricane-related deaths. Long said local agencies provide that data and there often is a discrepancy between the number of deaths directly attributed to a storm and deaths indirectly linked to one.
In its analysis of Maria, the national hurricane centre said the official number of deaths in Puerto Rico stood at 65, though the death toll was “highly uncertain.” That report also said “hundreds of additional indirect deaths in Puerto Rico may eventually be attributed to Maria's aftermath pending the results of an official government review.”
“Everything with Puerto Rico and Hurricane Maria was very complex,” Long said.
At the hurricane centre, Long met with FEMA employees, forecasters and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, who said hurricane preparedness begins with individuals and their local communities.
On November 10, R.E.M. will release a deluxe 25th anniversary reissue of Automatic for the People (and accompanying merch). The reissue includes two previously unreleased demo recordings, “Mike's Pop Song” and “Devil Rides Backwards.” The first was released digitally alongside the reissue announcement, and the latter can now be streamed below.
The actual 25th anniversary date of Automatic for the People was yesterday, October 5. You can pre-order the upcoming reissue here, then read SPIN's contemporaneous feature on the band and original album review.
Transcript for New video shows violent arrest in Euclid, Ohio, of officer beating a young man
To a traffic stop in Ohio turning violent and the video igniting controversy in officer seen repeatedly punching the suspect and now authorities releasing their own video. Here's ABC's Steve Olson some. On FaceBook alone nearly five million people and counting tonight have seen the video of this violent arrest in you call it Ohio. The officer doing the punching us now on paid administrative leave 25 year old Richard Hubbard. Whose head was bastard to the street. Is out on bond charged with resisting arrest and driving under suspension. Or this happened fast during this traffic stop police say the young black driver ignored the order to face away. And as the officer attempted to take him into custody he began physically resisting take a look again from the police dash camera this is what police say is ignoring the order. This away from it. They split the link between. But he instantly it does seem clear that after the officer tries to take him down he appears to be resisted. The young man was already in control. And it's clear that is upset that excessive use of force. Police say they're reviewing this entire incident Hubbard appears in court on the 24 David thank you Steve.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NAHCO leads gainers on Exchange
NSE records N3.7b turnover in tree trading days
Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO) emerged the highest price gainer at the end of last week's transactions on the trading floor of the Nigerian Stock Exchange.
It led nine stocks with 23.44 per cent to close at N3.16 per share. Following NAHCO last week was Law Union & Rock insurance, which added 19.40 per cent to close at N0.80 per share.
NEM gained 19.32 per cent to close at N1.05 per share. Union Bank garnered 17.02 per cent to close at N5.50 per share. UACN Property and University Press added 14.91 per cent to close at N2.62 and N4.24 per share respectively.
AG Leventis appreciated by 14.29 per cent to close at N0.94 per share. National Salt Company of Northern Nigeria added 12.58 per cent to close at N8.50 per share. Ashaka Cement gained 9.27 per cent to close at N12.02 per share. Nigeria Breweries also garnered 7.59 per cent to close at N147.99 per share.
Consequently, a total turnover of 405.939 million shares worth N3.724 billion were recorded in 6,363 deals by investors on the floor of the Exchange, lower than the 1.261 billion shares valued at N17.520 billion that changed hands in 14,861 deals during the preceding week.
The drop in indices may, however, be attributed by the two day holiday declared by the Federal Government on Monday and Tuesday, to mark the Christmas and Boxing Day celebrations.
Specifically, the financial services industry (measured by volume) led the activity chart with 305.885 million shares valued at N2.066 billion traded in 3,445 deals; thus contributing 75.35 per cent and 55.46 per cent to the total equity turnover volume and value respectively.
The consumer goods industry followed with 30.974 million shares worth N793.114 million in 1,096 deals.
The conglomerates industry ranked third with a turnover of 19.701 million shares worth N24.689 million in 261 deals.
Trading in the top three equities namely, Omoluabi Savings and Loans Plc, Guaranty Trust Bank Plc and FCMB Group Plc (measured by volume) accounted for 128.546 million shares worth N1.222 billion in 715 deals, contributing 31.66 per cent and 32.82 per cent to the total equity turnover volume and value respectively.
Also traded during the week were a total of 9,965 units of Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) valued at N56,446.35 executed in 16 deals, compared with a total of 10,170 units valued at N123.641.70 transacted in 22 deals during the preceding week.
There was no bond transaction during the week in review, however a total of 25,219 units of Federal Government and Corporate Bonds valued at N24.458 million were transacted last week in three deals.
The NSE All-share index and market capitalisation appreciated by 1.47 per cent to close the week at 26,874.62 and N9.247 trillion respectively.
Similarly, all other Indices finished higher during the week with the exception of the NSE ASeM, NSE Oil/Gas and NSE industrial goods Indices that depreciated by 2.35 per cent, 1.47 per cent and 0.15 per cent respectively.
About 37 equities appreciated in price during the week, higher than 26 equities in the previous week. Some 21 equities depreciated in price, lower than 36 equities of the previous week, while 117 equities remained unchanged higher than 113 equities recorded in the preceding week.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Montreal Canadiens have signed goaltender Al Montoya to a contract extension. He may be around for two more years, but he will certainly be made available in the upcoming expansion draft.
The Montreal Canadiens have signed backup goaltender Al Montoya to a contract extension. Motoya joined the Habs on July 1, 2016 when he signed a one year deal. He just inked a new two-year extension that has him signed through the 2018-19 season.
Montoya has been solid for the Canadiens as the number two man behind Carey Price. When Price was sidelined for the first three games of the season with the flu, Montoya stood tall. He helped the Habs achieve a 2-0-1 record with their superstar netminder out.
Montoya's new contract comes with a small raise. He will earn a cap hit of $1.065 million for each of the next two seasons. He is currently making $950,000 on his one year deal with the Canadiens.
Overall, Montoya is having a successful year as the Habs backup. His most memorable game is recalled for being a mess, when he allowed all ten goals in a 10-0 thrashing at the hands of the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Montoya has earned extension, but will be available in expansion draft
However, Montoya has a 4-4-2 record in 10 starts. He has put up a respectable goal against average of 2.74 with a .909 save percentage. His numbers are more impressive when you factor in he has allowed only 19 goals in the nine games that don't involve double-digit goals against.
Want your voice heard? Join the A Winning Habit team!
Although one could easily make the argument that this contract was earned, the Habs could have other plans. The team needs to expose a goaltender that is under contract in the upcoming expansion draft. Obviously, Price isn't going to be made available, so it will be Montoya.
If that was the sole reason for the extension, it wouldn't make sense to give him two years. So he will be exposed, but the Habs are obviously ready to hang on to the American goalie for the foreseeable future as well.
Montoya will be in tough to maintain his role for the next two years if he sticks around in Montreal. Charlie Lindgren was signed out of College last season and has been remarkable for the St. John's Ice Caps in the American Hockey League this season.
It will be an interesting battle to watch in training camp next season if the Vegas Golden Knights leave Montoya in Montreal.
More from A Winning Habit
This article originally appeared on
Described by some news outlets as a “rash young leader” and a “boy despot,” Kim Jong-un's unpredictable behavior has the world on edge.
As supreme leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea or more commonly, North Korea, Kim is blazing a trail unlike that of his father. He is accused of orchestrating the death of his half-brother Kim Jong Nam, ordering the deaths of five senior security officials and executing more than 300 people within five years.
Kim was publicly unveiled as his father's successor in September 2010. He was given the rank of four-star general in the Korea People's Army, and following Kim Jong Il's death in December 2011, the regime began to take actions to transfer power to the younger Kim.
Here is a look at Kim's background and history of provoking the west:
Childhood: Little is known about Kim's early years, but he attended an English language international school in Switzerland under a fake name. Ex-classmates say he was a fan of Michael Jordan, Jackie Chan and Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Early 2009: Rumors start circulating that he will be his father's successor
April 2009: Kim is given a post on the powerful National Defense Commission (NDC), a branch of the military.
May 2009: North Korea conducts its second underground nuclear weapons test. At the time, the U.S. Geological Survey recorded a magnitude 4.7 seismic disturbance. National Intelligence Director James Clapper later estimated that the test produced an explosion of two kilotons.
June 2009: Kim is named head of the State Security Department, the government agency responsible for political control and counterintelligence.
September 2010: Kim is promoted to four-star general and named vice chairman of the Central Military Commission as well as to the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea.
Dec. 17, 2011: Kim's father, Kim Jong Il dies. Eleven days later, Kim accompanies his father's body through Pyongyang during the funeral procession.
Dec. 31, 2011: Kim assumes command of the North Korean army. State-run Korean Central News Agency reports that the power was transferred to him on Oct. 8 at the behest of his father.
April 2012: Kim's status as supreme leader is validated by the acquisition of several official titles: first secretary of the KWP, chairman of the Central Military Commission, and chairman of the NDC, which was then the country's highest bureaucratic authority. North Korea also reported a failed Unha-3 rocket launch in April 2012.
February 2013: Kim conducts his first nuclear test as leader, an the third ever by the nation. The test was far larger than earlier experiments, with experts estimating that the bomb was between six and seven kilotons. The test coincided with South Korea's national elections and Obama's State of the Union address.
Feb. 28, 2013: Kim meets former NBA star Dennis Rodman for the first time. Rodman was travelling to North Korea to host basketball exhibitions. The two would meet multiple times later in what was to become a bizarre bromance.
August 2013: North Korea is reported to have restarted nuclear reactor to produce plutonium.
July 2014: North Korea conducts series of missile tests ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Seoul
September 2015: North Korea threatens nuclear attack against U.S. and reaffirms its main reactor is operational. South Korean President Park Geun-hye says North will “pay a price” for fourth test.
December 2015: Kim says North Korea is “ready to detonate” a hydrogen bomb.
January 2016: North Korea claims to have conducted a fourth nuclear test, far underground. On state TV, Kim said the explosion came from a miniaturized hydrogen bomb and called it a “spectacular success.”
June 2016: Congress of the Supreme People's Assembly revised the constitution to broaden and solidify Kim's position. The revisions created a new organization, the State Affairs Commission, with Kim as its head. The new commission replaced the NDC as North Korea's most powerful governing agency.
February 2016: North Korea launches a long-range rocket that it says successfully put a satellite into orbit
August 2016: North Korea successfully launches a ballistic missile from a submarine
September 2016: September 2016: North Korea conducts a fifth nuclear test. The seismic activity generated registered 5.3 in magnitude, accompanying an explosion of about 10 kilotons.
October 2016: North Korea fires a ballistic missile that immediately explodes after launch.
February 2017: North Korea fires intermediate-range ballistic missile, drawing disapproval from President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
March 2017: North Korea fires four ballistic missiles toward Japan.
April 2017: North Korean ballistic missile launch detected near Sinpo which defied United States' warning to avoid any further actions.
Q&A: Senior sprinter feeling ‘extremely prepared' to reach nationals
Senior Tori Williams has been the top sprinter for the women this season. As one of only seven seniors, she became a model for the talented class of freshman to follow.
Williams currently owns the No. 30 time for the NCAA 200m, just outside the national qualifying mark. With only the Indoor Conference Championships left before nationals, Williams has one final chance to improve her personal best.
The Cougar took a moment to check in with her as she prepares for her final indoor conference meet.
The Cougar: This was the womens' last meet before conference. How prepared do you all feel going in?
Tori Williams: I feel extremely prepared. We've been practicing since mid-September. It's been a long journey. I'm ready for conference. I think we have everything it takes to win and more. We have an awesome freshman squad, and I'm ready to get it done.
TC: You're currently between 25-30 on the NCAA chart for the 200m. I believe you have to get to 24 to qualify for nationals. With this conference meet coming up, do you feel you'll be able to push yourself to that mark?
TW: I think I'll definitely be able to push myself to get that time mark and make the national meet. I've been pretty consistent, 23.60s. So I'm ready to break my personal best. It's coming. I know it is.
TC: What was your reaction when you saw how talented the freshman squad would be?
TW: I was excited. I'm happy that we have people that have stepped into the program so that we can get it done. It's my senior year. I want my ring, and that's the goal.
TC: Have you tried to take on more of a leadership role since you're one of only seven seniors on this squad?
TW: Yeah. I didn't choose the leadership role; the leadership role kind of chose me. I didn't have a choice but to step up, so that's what I did, and I think everyone is just following along. We're all on the same page, and we're ready.
TC: When you came in as a freshman, what goals had you set for yourself?
TW: Coach Debbie (Ferguson-McKenzie), who got here my sophomore year, made us write down our goals for Indoor and Outdoor, both Conference- and National-wise. I still have those goals. We had to print one out and give one to her so they're still sitting on my mirror. I look at them every day. I had goals, broken most of them, made new ones and I'm trying to break those.
TC: Do you feel your time as a Cougar gone faster than you thought it would?
TW: Very quickly, yes. Time flies. Indoor season is so short. I feel like we had one meet and now it's conference time. It's flown by.
TC: So what should we expect to see from you the rest of this season?
TW: For conference, I think the girls have everything it takes to win a ring. For Indoor, my goal is the 200, and the 60 and the 4×4. Outdoor, 100, 200 and 4×4. I'm trying to go for it all.
[email protected]
The Science Museum of Western Virginia is offering some help to those planning activities for their children over the long break from school with the return of its summer camps. WFIR's Ian Price has details:
04-17 SMWV Sumer Camp WEB-WRAP
Full details and a link to register can be found here
Hartford officials say they cannot find a 30-year-old insurance policy that could play a key role in any damages or settlement the city would have to pay in a lawsuit filed by a man wrongly imprisoned for murder for two decades.
The inability to locate the policy prompted federal Magistrate Judge Joan Margolis in New Haven on Monday to order the city to subpoena insurance companies in an effort to find it.
Miguel Roman, of Manchester, filed the federal lawsuit against the city and police officials in March 2011, alleging malicious prosecution, suppression of evidence and violation of his civil rights. City officials deny the allegations. His lawyers have been seeking information on the city's insurance policies since the lawsuit was filed nearly seven years ago.
“Mr. Roman is satisfied that the court granted him the relief that he sought,” said his lawyer, Rosemarie Paine. “The court's ruling provides a timeline for taking the necessary steps to locate the missing policy and move the case forward.”
Nathalie Feola-Guerrieri, senior assistant corporation counsel for the city, declined to comment. She wrote in court documents that city officials have made many efforts to find the policy, including asking insurance companies to look for it, but to no avail.
Roman, 61, was convicted of murder in the 1988 killing of his 17-year-old girlfriend, Carmen Lopez, of Hartford, who was pregnant. Roman, who was not the father of the unborn baby, served 20 years of a 60-year sentence before being released in December 2008 and later exonerated based on new DNA testing that resulted in another man being convicted of her killing.
State officials later awarded Roman $6 million for his wrongful conviction.
The “excess” policy that is missing could be key in the lawsuit because it would cover any damages or settlement the city would have to pay above $2 million, which is the liability limit of the city's primary insurance policy issued by Travelers that was in place 30 years ago. Hartford struggled with its finances over the past year and was near bankruptcy before getting help in the new state budget passed in October.
Traveller has recommended to the city that it notify the carrier of its excess policy about the lawsuit, because of the chance that any award to Roman could exceed $2 million.
The excess policy presumably was in effect in 1988, when Roman said he was wrongfully arrested. An unanswered question in the case is whether the city's insurance policies in effect in 2011, when he filed his lawsuit, would cover any award to him.
Roman has not disclosed a specific dollar amount for the damages he is seeking.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Larry Nassar, right, swears in during his sentencing near defense attorney Matthew Newberg at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The former Michigan State University sports-...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Katherine Ebert, left, gives her statement during Larry Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. Nassar is seated far right. The former Michigan Sta...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Erin Blayer, left, listens to Michigan Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis before giving her statement during Larry Nassar's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday, Jan. ...
(Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP). Larry Nassar appears for his sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Mich., on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The former Michigan State University sports-medicine and USA Gymnastics doctor is being...
(AP Photo/Kathy Willens, File). FILE - In this March 3, 2012, file photo, gymnastics coach John Geddert is seen at the American Cup gymnastics meet at Madison Square Garden in New York. Gymnasts who were molested by sports doctor Larry Nassar are reser...
By DAVID EGGERT and MIKE HOUSEHOLDER
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE, Mich. (AP) - A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom Friday after a judge rejected his request to confront the "demon" in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. He later apologized, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was "no way" she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
"I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that," the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is "not acceptable that we combat assault with assault."
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were "filled with regret" because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
"I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't," she told Nassar. "The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you."
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him "five minutes in a locked room with this demon." Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for "one minute." That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting him have this power over us," she said. "We cannot behave like this."
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
"I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed," Margraves said of his conduct. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's "no hero."
"My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity," he said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
"It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable - the amount of pain that we've all gone through," Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said she had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks "unfortunate" and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is "really unfortunate" if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that his accusers' remarks "have pierced my soul."
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the coordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said he was stepping down.
___
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HUBBARD, Ohio (WYTV) – A precautionary boil advisory has been issued for some water customers living in the city of Hubbard.
The advisory was issued Monday after repairs to a water main in the Elmwood Drive/Moore Street area. According to the Hubbard Police Department, the boil advisory is necessary because the main had been shut down for some time during the repairs.
Those living on Elmwood Drive, from Ruth to Gary drives, and on Moore Street, from Elmwood Drive to Elizabeth Street, should bring their water to a rolling boil for five minutes before consuming.
The advisory is precautionary. It will be lifted after tests confirm that the water is safe to drink.
We know you're reading this Ryan Report, STARZ Network – and we want a check, a cameo, something.
After all, it was just two editions ago that it was speculated out loud, that “Power” co-star, executive producer (and slick marketer) 50 Cent was probably behind the leaked last episodes of Season 4 of the hit series. Now Ryan Cameron is reporting this morning that the cable channel is indeed blaming him.
Related: The ‘Power' Of Those Leaked Episodes
“He [doesn't] know why they keep calling his phone,” Ryan said, referring to 50 Cent‘s post on Instagram. “It wasn't him.”
And why would he? Well, as Ryan explains, when ‘Game of Thrones‘ was released by hackers there was a ratings spike.
Meanwhile, longtime ratings power Shonda Rhimes (“Scandal,” “How To Get Away With Murder“) is leaving ABC for a multiyear deal with the streaming service Netflix; which it with “understanding what she was looking for and providing her the means to accomplish it with a clear, fearless space for creators.”
“That's interesting,” noted Jarard J. in as Wanda Smith recovers.
“That's a lot of money,” added Ryan.
Fresh Air
S&B Filters introduces the Cold Air Intake kit for the '12-'17 Jeep Wrangler JK with the 3.6L V-6 engine. It is designed with a secondary inlet, which is said to increase airflow more than 46 percent over a stock intake. A silicone plug is included for those who prefer to pull in air only from the fender inlet. Each kit is 50 State CARB legal, configurable with S&B's signature clear lid or included silicone hood seal, and is available with a cleanable cotton filter or a dry extendable filter. Information: S&B Filters, 909/232-8901, sbfilters.com
Baja Brights
Baja Designs now offers the new LP9 LED light system. The LP9 is based on the company's popular La Paz 8-inch HID/Halogen light. However, a completely new housing was designed to marry the high intensity long distance pattern features found in the original La Paz light with Baja Designs' latest LED lighting technology. The engineering team incorporated new technologies to deliver close range, cornering, and nearfield comfort zone visibility for the LP9. The LP9 has three lighting function options that include amber backlit, low, and high. A Racer Edition configuration is also available, which produces a tighter spot pattern for increased distance illumination. The LP9 comes with or without a four-position controller switch and wiring harness. Information: Baja Designs, 877/260-7605, bajadesigns.com
707hp Swap
Mopar introduces the Hellcrate 6.2L supercharged crate Hemi engine and optional engine kit. The supercharged 6.2L twists out 707 horsepower and 650 lb-ft of torque. Each Hellcrate Hemi engine kit includes a powertrain control module (PCM), power distribution center, engine wiring harness, chassis harness, accelerator pedal, ground jumper, oxygen sensors, charge air temperature sensors, and a fuel pump control module. The PCM is unlocked and set to the factory 707 horsepower calibration. It's said to be optimized for use with manual transmissions. An accessory drive kit, which includes an alternator, power steering pump, belts, pulleys, and more is also available. The Mopar Hellcrate Hemi engine assembly and engine kit feature a three-year/unlimited mileage warranty when purchased together. Information: Mopar, moparhemicrate.com
Compact Cooler
CleverMade now offers the SnapBasket collapsible cooler. The cooler is said to keep ice along with up to 50 cans of your favorite beverage cold for 36 hours. It features soft sides and an insulated leakproof interior. When empty, the cooler folds down to less than 3 inches tall. Other features include an integrated bottle opener, padded top handles for light loads, side handles for heavier loads, a zippered front pocket, a back mesh pocket for dry storage, and a 55-pound weight capacity. Information: CleverMade, 760/814-3577, clevermade.com
Transmission Cooling
Flex-A-Lite introduces a new line of transmission coolers. They feature an all-aluminum construction for minimum weight and maximum strength and are said to be optimized for typical modern oil viscosities. The dimpled plate and fin design is said to improve cooling efficiency while minimizing transmission oil pressure drop. The transmission coolers are available in 12-, 17-, 23-, and 30-row models. They are available with either -6 AN fittings or 3/8-inch barbed fittings. Information: Flex-A-Lite, 253/922-2700, flex-a-lite.com
Soft Top Truck
Rampage Products has released a new TrailView Tonneau Top for the '07-'17 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited. This top is for JK owners who want the look of a truck, without having to wait for the new upcoming JT platform. The TrailView Tonneau Top is constructed from 30-ounce black diamond sailcloth and features a fold-back sunroof that can be opened from within the Jeep. The rear rain-tight curtain includes tinted side windows for better visibility. The rear window can be zipped open, delivering even more of the open-air experience. The tonneau cover zips into the rear curtain and can be easily removed. All three components can be used individually or in conjunction with each other. Each Rampage Products TrailView Tonneau Top comes with all necessary parts, hardware, and a 3-year warranty. Information: Rampage Products, 800/241-7219, rampageproducts.com
Seventeens
ICON Alloys introduces the Rebound 17-inch wheel. It features sharp lines and a concave spoke design. Like all ICON Alloys wheels, the Rebound is said to have been engineered to maximize brake caliper clearance and optimize wheel position for unhindered suspension travel and steering function. The aluminum wheel features a 2,750-pound load rating, making it the strongest ICON Alloys wheel to date. They are available in satin black, bronze, and titanium finishes with color-matched rock ring bolts. Information: ICON Alloys, 951/689-4266, iconalloys.com
Off-Road Mapping
Magellan announces the arrival of two new products to its portfolio of off-road–specific GPS navigators. The TR5 and TR7 ease access to Magellan's TRX software, map, trails, points of interest, and cloud-connected map website. The TR5 features a 5-inch HD touch screen instead of the larger (7-inch) HD touch screen of the TRX7. Designed for enclosed Jeeps, SUVs, and pickup trucks, these new Magellan navigators come with a windshield mounting suction cup included. Each unit is ready to go out of the box and comes preloaded with a U.S. and Canada base map with more than 115,000 OHV trails and 6.6 million points of interest. The TR5, like the TR7, is a standalone GPS unit that does not require a data connection, and it operates on the same software as the ruggedized water- and dust-resistant TRX7. Information: Magellan, 877/255-4161, magellangps.com
Cooler XJ
Mishimoto introduces the new direct-fit performance radiator for the '89-'01 Jeep Cherokee XJ. The radiator features an all-aluminum TIG-welded construction and coolant capacity is increased by 90 percent. The two-row core features 100 percent more fin surface area than the OEM unit, and the radiator tanks include provisions for early XJs with closed coolant systems as well as later models with an open coolant system. As with all Mishimoto Jeep performance parts, this Jeep Cherokee XJ radiator is covered under the Mishimoto Lifetime Warranty. Information: Mishimoto, 877/GOMISHI, mishimoto.com
Touch Screen Switches
ARB introduces LINX, a touch screen interface that enables control of existing and new 4x4 accessories. LINX eliminates the need for numerous switches and centralizes the command of devices in one smart touch screen display, effectively decluttering the dashboard of any Jeep. It's built on an expandable platform so it can continue to evolve as your on- and off-road driving habits and accessories change. LINX can be used to control driving lights, ARB Air Lockers, dual batteries, air compressors, and more. LINX offers a single point of control via its Bluetooth-enabled touch screen display, while the main control hub can be hidden out of sight. Each LINX comes with six pre-installed modules which include front and rear traction, compressor control, accessory switchboard, battery monitor, speedometer, and air suspension control. Information: ARB, 866/293-9078, arbusa.com
CHICAGO — The Chicago Blackhawks staggered home last week in desperate need of some positive results.
Enter goalie Corey Crawford — and a perfectly timed homestand against three of the worst teams in the NHL.
Crawford made 31 saves, Artem Anisimov scored the go-ahead goal with 4:47 left in the third period and the Blackhawks beat the Arizona Coyotes 3-1 on Sunday night.
Tommy Wingels and Nick Schmaltz also scored in the third as Chicago (14-11-5) earned its second straight win after dropping five in a row. Patrick Kane had two assists to run his career total to 781 points, breaking a tie with Doug Wilson for fifth on the franchise scoring list.
“We could probably play a little bit better, but we found ways to win even when we probably haven't had our best,” Kane said. “Whether that's goaltending or timely goals by the fourth line and Wingels, just finding ways to win, it's huge points for us right now.”
Crawford was activated from injured reserve on Friday and stopped 26 shots in a 3-2 overtime win against Buffalo. He likely will start again when the Blackhawks host lowly Florida on Tuesday night.
“We had a lot of chances throughout the whole game,” Crawford said. “The third was our best period. It was another good win for us at home, something to build off of and keep going with this.”
Kane found an open Anisimov in the right circle for the centre's team-high 13th goal , giving the Blackhawks a 2-1 lead. The connection occurred just 71 seconds after Anthony Duclair tied it at 1 with his seventh goal for Arizona, tipping home Alex Goligoski's pass in front.
Kane then set up Schmaltz with a slick pass for a one-timer with 3:02 left. It was Schmaltz's first goal since Nov. 27 and No. 5 on the season.
“We've got to learn to play under pressure,” Arizona coach Rick Tocchet said. “They got that goal there to go ahead and we got it back with five minutes left under pressure. A couple of giveaways, people sinking and you've got to play under pressure in this league. It's a hard league.”
Scott Wedgewood made 34 saves for Arizona, which dropped its fourth straight game.
“We were good for the first 50 (minutes),” Goligoski said. “Got good goaltending again. It was disappointing not to finish that out early and push it to overtime.”
Wedgewood and Crawford were locked in a scoreless duel when John Hayden made a nice pass to set up Wingels' one-timer 7:36 into the third period. Wingels also scored a tying short-handed goal in the third during Chicago's overtime win Friday night.
“You get an opportunity in the third period to make a difference, every shift, whether it's create energy, drawing a penalty or scoring a big goal,” Wingels said. “Recently, our line's been able to do that.”
The Coyotes (7-21-5) were coming off a 1-0 loss at Columbus on Saturday night, but they skated right with the Blackhawks for most of the game.
Goligoski rattled the cage behind Crawford on a power-play shot in the second period. Kevin Connauton had an open backhander stopped by Crawford with about eight minutes left in the second.
NOTES: Blackhawks D Cody Franson was scratched with an upper-body injury. D Jordan Oesterle made his first appearance since Nov. 12 and picked up an assist on Wingels' goal. “I thought he had a great game,” coach Joel Quenneville said. … F Christian Fischer played in his native Chicago for the first time in the NHL. The 20-year-old Fischer made his debut with the Coyotes last January. … Blackhawks forward Ryan Hartman was a healthy scratch for the second straight game. Hartman was whistled for three penalties in a 6-2 loss at Washington last Wednesday, including a double minor for high-sticking in the second period. … Arizona scratched C Nick Cousins, D Kyle Capobianco and G Michael Leighton.
UP NEXT
Coyotes: Begin a five-game homestand Thursday night against Tampa Bay.
Blackhawks: Host the Florida Panthers on Tuesday night.
——
Jay Cohen can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/jcohenap
Now, with the announcement that Toys R Us plans to liquidate and close all 735 stores in the United States, the last dedicated retail footprint for the sector will vanish, leaving manufacturers hunting for new ways to capture youngsters' attention — and their parents' dollars.
“From an experiential standpoint, Toys R Us is really the only showplace manufacturers have for toys,” said Marc Rosenberg, an entrepreneur and toy marketing executive. “The best way to sell a child a toy is to let them try it. You can only do so much online. If you don't have that touchpoint, you're really losing an opportunity to sell.”
Marketing pros predicted that toymakers would turn more to experiential marketing tactics like event sponsorships, pop-up stores and road shows to get toys in kids' hands, along with more online content like “unboxing” videos.
“Children still want to ‘discover' things,” said Robert Passikoff, founder and president of consulting firm Brand Keys. “The set-ups in stores are very engaging, but given the world of social networking… there are other ways of exposing what's out there and the toy manufacturers are going to have to get a lot more clever in terms of engaging outreach.”
Aside from marketing, the liquidation will create pricing, distribution and technological challenges for toy companies.
Analysts say it will be a headache for toy-industry heavyweights like Hasbro and Mattel in the near term as Toys R Us winds down its American retail operations, which includes shopping around its 200 top-performing stores in the hopes of keeping them open.
“I think there is some near-term disruption — that's more a result of Toys R Us going to be liquidating inventory and obviously, they're going to be slashing prices,” said Eric Handler, a media and entertainment analyst at MKM Partners.
“This is a transitional year I think it's because it's not known where you have to distribute and what the allocations should be,” said Jim Silver, CEO of toy review site TTPM.com.
While a significant majority of toys are still sold in brick-and-mortar locations, online competition looms large. “The exposure has been increasing to e-commerce in recent years,” said Jaime Katz, an equity analyst at Morningstar.
An increasing reliance on Amazon has the potential to threaten toymakers' profits, she said, and could prompt brands to invest more in their own online channels. “You wonder if they're going to make a bit of a push to sell on their own platforms… to make sure pricing remains optimal to protect the brand.”
Ultimately, analysts expect that Toys R Us exiting the market will help the biggest toymakers gain market share. For smaller manufacturers, which face being crowded out of big-box or department stores, it's another story.
“Toys R Us was much more important for smaller companies that couldn't get on the shelves at Target or Walmart,” Katz said.
One silver lining could be that independent retailers might get a toehold on the market. One silver lining could be that independent retailers might get a toehold on the market.
Aside from big-box stores, Toys R Us's market share would likely be absorbed by a combination of department stores and more unconventional types of retailers like pharmacies, party-supply, and craft stores.
If there is a silver lining, it is the suggestion that these retail maneuverings provide an opening for independent retailers to reclaim a toehold on the market — a prospect that could be a lifeline for smaller manufacturers, as well.
“There's this whole thinking in the toy business that Toys R Us killed mom-and-pops, Amazon killed Toys R Us, and it's kind of funny… for the mom-and-pops and some of the independents now, there really is an opportunity to come back,” Rosenberg said.
OTTAWA — Student and library associations are voicing their support for a section of the Copyright Act that allows materials to be used for educational purposes without infringing copyright.
The Canadian Alliance of Student Associations is telling a House of Commons committee today that restrictions on the scope of that exception will hurt students and educators, especially if it leads to higher costs.
The law is currently being reviewed by the Commons commitee on industry, science and technology.
The association says increased tuition costs for students and limited resources available to teachers would have a chilling effect on education.
University of Ottawa law professor and intellectual property expert Michael Geist says the impact on students could be enormous.
Groups supporting publishers and authors are opposed to the law as it stands, because they believe that the so-called “fair dealing” exception allows their work to be distributed without full compensation.
Copyright issues related to music, radio, television and film will also be examined by the committee.
The review process is expected to conclude by early 2019.
Daria Kasatkina produced a marvellous performance to beat Australian Open champion and new world number one Caroline Wozniacki in the St Petersburg Ladies Trophy.
Wozniacki's has been the toast of women's tennis after defeating Simona Halep to win her first grand slam title in Melbourne, but was brought back down to earth by 20-year-old Kasatkina.
The home hope came from a break down to take the first set on a tie-break and saw off a Wozniacki recovery from 3-0 down in the second to complete a 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 victory.
Benefiting from 35 unforced Wozniacki errors, Kasatkina faced a break point as she served for the match, but saved that and wrapped things up in style with a backhand drop shot followed by an impressive pickup on the forehand.
Next up for Kasatkina, who also reached the semi-finals in 2016, is defending champion Kristina Mladenovic. The Australian Open doubles champion, who came into the tournament on the back of a 15-match losing streak in singles, has now won successive contests in straight sets after defeating Katerina Siniakova 6-4 6-3.
Petra Kvitova is also into the last four after hammering second seed Jelena Ostapenko 6-0 6-2.
Kvitova looked as if she was still finding her best form following her return from a hand injury sustained in a knife attack in December 2016 as she was dumped out in the first round in Melbourne.
But she knocked out seventh seed Elena Vesnina in the first round in Russia and, after dispensing with Irina-Camelia Begu in the second round, thrashed second seed and French Open champion Ostapenko to book a semi-final with fifth seed Julia Goerges, who beat Elena Rybakina 6-3 6-3.
At the Taiwan Open, Sabine Lisicki is a win away from her first WTA final since September 2014 after coming from behind to defeat Monica Niculescu.
The 2013 Wimbledon finalist made her return from shoulder surgery in June, but a knee injury delayed her start to the 2018 season.
However, she demonstrated plenty of resolves in fighting back to beat Niculescu 4-6 6-4 6-4. She will now face Kateryna Kozlova in the last four after the Ukrainian beat fifth seed Yulia Putintseva 7-5 6-3.
Fourth seed Timea Babos, who won the Melbourne doubles with Mladenovic, overcame Magda Linette 6-1 6-3.
Eugenie Bouchard can console herself with a trip to the Super Bowl with famous Twitter date John Goehrke after her hopes ended with a 6-4 6-0 loss to Yafan Wang.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — The Christchurch-based Crusaders can consolidate their place atop the Super Rugby table when they play the Hamilton-based Chiefs in an abbreviated 16th round, before the tournament breaks for June internationals.
The Crusaders moved five points clear in first place when they convincingly beat their closest rival, the Wellington-based Hurricanes, last weekend and have the chance to lengthen that lead and extend their winning streak to 10 games against the fifth-placed Chiefs.
The manner in which the Crusaders beat the Hurricanes, while missing six current All Blacks who were either injured or suspended, has led some commentators to declare it a certainty that the eight-time champions will win the title for the second straight year.
Coach Scott Robertson said the victory of a severely-depleted side over the star-studded Hurricanes "was just a very proud night in the Crusaders history."
"I think the fans weren't sure what to expect and that probably sums it up, the amount of emotion that was shown post-game," Robertson said.
He said the Crusaders are not taking for granted a win on Saturday in what appears an easier match against a Chiefs team heavily hit by injuries.
"The Chiefs have an extremely good scrum," Robertson said. "Given their injuries they have done a great job with the players that have come in for them - as have we, so it will be a great battle."
The Hurricanes must quickly recover from their poor performance against the Crusaders to keep pace with the tournament leaders three rounds from the end of the regular season.
Coach Chris Boyd said any lessons learned from the loss to the Crusaders would not be applicable to the Highlanders, who play a different type of game.
"They kick more than anyone else," Boyd said. "They're very good at strike play. They're quite prepared to say 'well you have the ball and we'll knock you over and you make the mistake and we'll pick it up and score.'"
The New South Wales Waratahs also have a chance to consolidate their lead in a tight Australian conference before Super Rugby breaks for test series between Australia and Ireland, New Zealand and France and South Africa and England.
The Waratahs, who face the Queensland Reds on Saturday, lead the conference by a point from the Melbourne Rebels who meet the Auckland-based Blues in a round from which the South African teams are absent.
4MLinux developer Zbigniew Konojacki‏ informs Softpedia today on the general availability of the Antivirus Live CD 24.0-0.99.2 GNU/Linux distribution.
Every time a new major 4MLinux release is being prepped, Antivirus Live CD gets updated with the latest GNU/Linux technologies and Open Source components that have been included in the respective 4MLinux release. As such, Antivirus Live CD 24.0-0.99.2 is based on 4MLinux 24.0 and ClamAV 0.99.2 open-source antivirus software toolkit.
"Antivirus Live CD is an official 4MLinux fork including the ClamAV scanner. It's designed for users who need a lightweight live CD, which will help them to protect their computers against viruses," said Zbigniew Konojacki in the release announcement‏. "The latest version 24.0-0.99.2 is based on 4MLinux 24.0 and ClamAV 0.99.2."
A lightweight live ISO that protects your PC against viruses
For those unfamiliar with Antivirus Live CD, it's a lightweight live ISO image designed for users who need to protect their personal computers against viruses and other malware and don't have an anti-virus software installed or aren't connected to a Wi-Fi or wired network.
Antivirus Live CD works even without an Internet connection because it comes bundled with the latest virus signature database for Clam AntiVirus (ClamAV). However, a Wi-Fi, Ethernet, or dial-up connection is necessary to enable automatic updates of the virus signature database.
Best of all, Antivirus Live CD supports mounting of a wide range of partitions that can be scanned by ClamAV for viruses, including Btrfs, EXT2, EXT3, EXT4, F2FS, FAT16, FAT32, HFS, HFS+, JFS, NILFS2, NTFS, Reiser4, ReiserFS, and XFS. You can download the latest release, Antivirus Live CD 24.0-0.99.2, right now from our website. The ISO image can be written to a USB flash drive.
Antivirus Live CD 24.0-0.99.2 pic.twitter.com/TsBzaZEIiN — Zbigniew Konojacki (@MyNameIsZK1234) December 10, 2017
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
Members of Disability Right Fund (DRF) coalition
The Disability Right Fund (DRF) coalition has called on the incoming government to review the Disability Act to conform to international standards and ensure the full realisation of rights of Persons with Disability (PWDs).
Members of the coalition-Ghana Federation of Disability Organisations (GFD), Media Caucus on Disability and MindFreedom – also urged the incoming administration led by Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo to make disability a top priority in his government.
The Executive Secretary of MindFreedom, Mr Dan Taylor, in an interview with the Ghana News Agency, expressed concern over the inaccessible nature of state institutions providing public services.
He said Persons with Disability, particularly wheelchair users and blind persons, have invariably been cut off from patronising pubic goods and services and this has led to deprivation, widespread discrimination and social stigma.
“Even the Flagstaff House – seat of government – is not accessible to the disabled, yet past governments have espoused claims to fighting the discrimination against the disabled people in our society,” he said.
Mr Yaw Ofori-Debrah, the President of GFD, appealed to Nana Akufo Addo, President-elect, to place disability concerns at the centre of his government's efforts and introduce the necessary legal and administrative frameworks to adequately protect them.
He said the government ought to device plans that would ensure speedy revision of Ghana's Disability Act, 2006 (Act 715) to match that of the United Nations convention on rights of PWDs.
Currently, social intervention for PWDs in Ghana includes the three per cent of the Common Fund and various allowances for workers with Disability as well as legal frameworks like the Act 2006 (Act 715) and other interventions on the rights of PWDs.
Mr Ofori-Debrah said: “All these are good initiatives to support PWDs but the implementation are flawed with difficulties. “We want the new government to actually enforce it.”
He said a National Policy on Employment for PWDs was vital to ensure that PWDs with professional qualifications gain employment, particularly into the public sector, because most of them stay back home after school without any hope for job opportunities.
He appealed to the President-elect to appoint PWDs to head some Metropolitan Municipal and District Assemblies as part of deliberate government policies for their participation in the local decision making process and for disability concerns to bell amply on the floor of assemblies' meeting.
“It is important PWDs are given opportunities to serve in higher positions including ministerial appointments, membership of Council of State and boards of corporations and chief executive positions,” he said.
The PWDs, who fall within another minority or vulnerable group and suffer discrimination, are women and children with disability, but Act 715 fails to deal with this type of discrimination.
The DRF Coalition in August this year led members of the GFD in a protest march through the streets of Accra to petition President John Dramani Mahama for a review of the Disability Act (Act 715) of 2006.
The GFD said it had conducted a gap analysis of the Disability Act 715 and discovered various lapses.
“We documented all these gaps and sent a proposal to the Ministry of Gender, Children and Social Protection for a review of the Act but nothing has been done,” Mr Ofori-Debrah said.
“It pays almost no attention to women and children with disability,” Mrs Rita Kyeremaa Kusi, the Executive Director of GFD, said.
Also very important is inherent right to life, equal to that of others as contained in the UN Convention on Right of Persons with Disabilities but has not been factored in Ghana's Act.
“Article 11 of the UNCRPD requires states parties to protect and ensure the safety of PWDs in times of situational risk and humanitarian emergencies,” she said: “in times of emergency where evacuation is required for instance, priority is often given to women and children, leaving out disabled people”.
Act 715 provides access of PWDs to judicial proceedings but only as participants and accused persons, but effective access to justice which guarantees protection of the law and fair treatment of vulnerability was not in the Act.
The New Patriotic Party in its 2016 manifesto outlined many interventions to mainstream disability issues in national development agenda.
The party pledged to implement equal employment opportunity policies for inclusive education and appoint PWDs into public offices.
It also said it would pass appropriate Legislative Instruments for the implementation of the Mental Health Act, 2012 (Act 846) and the Disability Act, 2006 (Act 715).
It guaranteed that the National Council on Persons with Disability would be decentralized to enforce the Disability Act.
“The NPP will ensure that children with special needs are not left behind, but are assisted by teachers with the requisite skills in differentiated teaching methods. Whenever possible, facilities will be provided to enable disabled children be integrated within regular schools. Amend the Disability Act to bring it into line with the UN Convention on Disability'', it added.
Te Hikuwai haka team and Rangipo Puti Wallace-Ihakara are the current holders of the Taini Morrison Trophy for Te Arawa Regional senior female leadership. The 19-year-old says their success isn't lead by one individual but by a number of people who are trying to maintain and preserve the traditional customs of their marae all around lake Rotoiti.
Damien Lacambra was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2016, but could get out as early as next month. (Source: LMDC)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – A Louisville Army veteran serving time for killing his wife could be released on parole next month.
But a local non-profit is working to fight that.
Damien Lacambra shot and killed his wife Amelia at their home in Saint Regis Park in April 2016.
Lacambra was sentenced to 10 years on a manslaughter charge.
Under Kentucky law, he must serve 20 percent of the sentence -- or two years.
The Mary Byron Project has started a change.org petition against his early release.
At last check, it had 1,300 signatures.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
As Reben told Engadget, "the discourse around such a(n) apparatus is more important than its physical presence." For this project he chose to use Google Assistant, but said it could have been an Amazon Echo "or some other input device as well." At the same time, the device triggered "could have been a back massaging chair or an ice cream maker."
But Reben chose to arm Assistant with a gun. And given the concerns raised by Google's Duplex AI since I/O earlier this month, as well as the seemingly never-ending mass shootings in America, his decision is astute.
In this example, Reben was the one who told Assistant to "activate gun." He is still the person responsible for the action. But in a world where machine learning has led to AI that's smart enough to anticipate our needs and cater to our comfort every day, it's not hard to imagine a day when digital assistants could kill off people who upset us, if given access to weapons. Who is responsible for the deaths then?
It's easy enough to say that we should block AI access to dangerous devices. But we've already got them in our cars, in the military and in other places we probably haven't even thought about. We can demand companies make sure that their tech cannot cause harm, but it's simply impossible to plan for every eventuality, every possible way that AI might go rogue.
"Part of the message for me includes the unintended consequences of technology and the futility of considering every use case," Reben said. Google might not ever have imagined Assistant being used to shoot a weapon. But all it took for Reben to achieve that was parts laying around his studio. He used a control relay that usually turns on a lamp, linked it to a Google Home speaker, then connected a laundromat change-dispensing solenoid to pull a string that looped around the trigger. "The setup was very easy," Reben said.
He's no stranger to artwork featuring the abilities of artificial intelligence. Reben has created projects that show what AI hears and sees when exposed to "The Joy of Painting," as well as hiding tiny artworks in URLs. This, however is an even more provocative piece that forces the viewer to imagine what could happen if nefarious programmers made an AI that went rogue. Now, more than ever, we need to have the discussions about how, and if, we can prevent an intelligent machine from killing us all.
PARIS — Tom Wallis was born here and has spent his entire life in France, but it turns out that the 40-year-old entrepreneur from Grenoble owes tens of thousands of dollars in taxes to the United States.
Wallis' mother was French, but he holds U.S. citizenship through his American father. He had previously visited his father's family in the U.S., but other than that he says he has no real connection to the country.
But three years ago, Wallis found out he was still subject to U.S. tax law.
He is one of potentially thousands of "accidental Americans" around the world — U.S. citizens who neither live in the country nor have any real ties to the United States.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Accidental Americans' push back on paying U.S. taxes 1:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Under a citizenship-based taxation system in place in the United States, people like Wallis are subject to U.S. taxes on their global income, no matter where they live.
Wallis hired lawyers to fill out the necessary paperwork to try to comply with the U.S. tax authority, but when his legal fees reached over $61,000 (50,000 euros), he says he had to stop the process. "It was too much," he said.
His lawyers told him he would owe $115,000 in U.S. taxes after he sold his business in 2013, even though he had paid a tax on the sale in France. He says he won't pay even though the U.S. has not explicitly asked him for any money yet.
"There is no way," Wallis said, adding that it's money he could invest in France, where his family lives. "I am OK to pay what I owe in France, but to the U.S. — I can't accept it ... I think it's a robbery."
He says he doesn't know what will happen next, but he won't be hiding from the authorities, because he feels that he has done nothing wrong.
"I won't pay. Even if I have to go to jail, I won't pay it for sure because it's too unfair."
There has been a growing movement by "accidental Americans," particularly in France, to try to get U.S. authorities to realize the burden their American citizenship is adding to their lives. Many are hoping that French President Emmanuel Macron will raise the issue during his state visit to the U.S. this week.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump will host rare private dinner for Emmanuel Macron of France 0:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Unlike other advanced nations, the United States enforces a tax system based on citizenship rather than residency. In 2010, Congress enacted the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, also known as FATCA, to crack down on tax evasion by Americans with financial assets abroad after a Swiss bank scandal showed U.S. taxpayers hid millions of dollars overseas. The law requires foreign banks to report about financial accounts held by U.S. citizens to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the United States.
As a result, many "accidental Americans" learned they may owe taxes in the United States after getting contacted by the banks in their home countries.
Fabien Lehagre, 33, a commercial manager, found himself in that exact situation.
Born in Mountain View, California, in 1984 to a French father and a Singaporean-American mother, Lehagre was 2 when his parents divorced and he and his father moved to France.
He grew up and studied there, and now works in Paris.
Fabien Lehagre, president of Accidental Americans Association, hopes French President Emmanuel Macron will raise the issue with U.S. officials on his visit to the country this week. Courtesy of Fabien Lehagre
In 2014, his French bank contacted him asking for his U.S. tax identification number. Thinking it was a mistake, Lehagre ignored the request despite repeated warnings. The requests didn't stop.
He did some research and discovered that he was also an "accidental American" and could face a looming tax bill from the United States.
Lehagre, who doesn't speak English, says although he has only lived in the United States for a short time as a toddler,never studied there, voted or paid taxes, he was being "forced into the administrative system that obliges [him] to fill out forms, pay a lawyer and have [his] bank accounts scrutinized."
Rescinding his U.S. citizenship would cost Lehagre more than $3,000 on top of the legal and accounting fees to start the procedure.
Faced with a prospect of a significant financial strain, Lehagre is considering his options and hoping someone in the United States will awaken to the plight of the thousands of people like him.
Mojgan Ghanipour, a tax accountant from San Francisco who has been working in France on and off since 1989, has advised many such clients.
Ghanipour says even if they don't end up paying the taxes they may owe to the United States, taking care of even the simplest case can set them back over $700. But the more they earn or the more complicated their financial structure is, the faster the procedural costs pile up.
"It's very frustrating for these people," she said. "It's not good news when we tell them what they are faced with and have to do to comply with the American law."
Accountant Mojgan Chanipour gives advice to many "accidental Americans." Alexis Duclos
If they don't comply, Ghanipour says they are penalized by the French banks, which can face penalties of their own if they don't cooperate with the U.S. tax authority. As the result, some may find it difficult to open accounts, get loans or change banks.
In addition to the financial restrictions many claim to have experienced as a result of FATCA, some also talk about "moral damages" — like anxiety and distress — that their situation is causing them.
One of the most high-profile "accidental Americans" is British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who has previously said that forcing someone like him to pay U.S. taxes was "absolutely outrageous." Johnson was born to British parents in New York City in 1964, and moved to Britain when he was 5. Johnson, 53, the former mayor of London, renounced his U.S. citizenship in 2016. According to local media, he had to settle a U.S. tax bill on the earlier sale of his London house in 2015.
In France, realizing the scope of the problem, Lehagre started a Facebook campaign last year to give people like him a voice.
In the first year, a hundred such Americans living in France reached out to him. To date, 450 people have signed up and more than 1,200 have made inquiries. Lehagre estimates there could be more than 10,000 "accidental Americans" in France alone, but there are no exact estimates of their numbers worldwide.
Lehagre has reached out to both French and U.S. officials asking them to do something to help these bi-nationals and started an association to bring them together.
His association is asking the United States to switch to a tax system based on residency and to allow "accidental Americans" the ability to freely renounce their U.S. citizenship, without having to comply with the IRS.
"I used to be so proud of telling everyone that I was born in the United States," Lehagre said. "Today, I am not feeling pride but rather disappointment. ... I feel like I'm being held up."
Nancy Ing reported from Paris. Yuliya Talmazan reported from London.
CORRECTION (April 23, 2018, 4:13 a.m. ET): An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that Fabien Lehagre worked in Austria during 2014.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- An American contributor to the New York Times, Chris Horton, captured this photo of Taipei's skyline at night from Fudekeng (福德坑) on May 29.
Horton, who is based in Taipei, said that he snapped the photo while cycling through Fudekeng Reserve Park at 7 p.m. on Tuesday.
To the right of Taipei 101 is the new 48-story Taipei Nan Shan Plaza tower, which is now the second tallest building in the city and the third tallest in Taiwan.
Taipei skyline at night. (Photo by Chris Horton)
Luis Fonsi, Daddy Yankee, and Justin Bieber's version of “Despacito” is #1 for a 14th week, tying for the second-longest-ever run at the top of the Hot 100. The song's video is YouTube's most-viewed ever. One honor it won't receive: an MTV Video Music Award. “Despacito” was not submitted for VMAs consideration, MTV told the AP today.
Universal Music Latin Entertainment's retort: MTV wasn't playing “Despacito” on its main channel or MTV2 anyway. “We would welcome MTV's decision to recognize Spanish-language videos on its main channel and the Music Video Awards program,” the label said in a statement. “Despacito” is played on MTV Tres, MTV's Latin channel.
Universal Music Latin didn't comment on why the video wasn't submitted for awards consideration; MTV didn't comment on its programming decisions. Two things worth noting: First, the flagship MTV channel doesn't play many music videos. Second, the version of “Despacito” currently reigning at #1 in the U.S. is the Justin Bieber-featuring remix, which doesn't have a video of its own.
“Despacito,” the song, will be recognized at the VMAs in the “song of the summer” category, MTV said. The full list of nominees will be announced next week. The VMAs air August 27.
Luis Fonsi, for his part, doesn't sound too put out. “Awards are very important but what bigger award [is there] than having the most watched video in the world in history?,” Fonsi told AP, referring to the “Despacito” YouTube record. “Hopefully it'll win some awards down the line, down the road, but I think I got the biggest one so far, straight from the people.”
Who knows—if “Despacito” manages to hang on until October, maybe they'll have to play it on the new TRL.
Queen Elizabeth Misses Church Again Due To Heavy Cold
Britain's Queen Elizabeth missed a New Year's Day church service on Sunday due to a heavy cold, Buckingham Palace said, a week after the 90-year-old monarch missed a Christmas Day service for the first time in decades.
The world's longest-reigning monarch, who became unwell before Christmas, stayed indoors at her Sandringham country estate in Norfolk, eastern England, while other members of the royal family attended the service.
“The Queen does not yet feel ready to attend church as she is still recuperating from a heavy cold,” Buckingham Palace said in a statement.
Elizabeth and her husband Prince Philip, 95, were both suffering from heavy colds in the week leading up to Christmas and delayed their journey from London to Sandringham by a day, travelling there by helicopter on Dec. 22.
Philip attended both the Christmas and New Year services. On Sunday he arrived by car before walking into the grey stone parish church of St. Mary Magdalene, but the queen, who is the symbolic head of the Church of England, made no public appearance.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/John Bazemore). Justin Thomas hits from the bunker on the 18th hole during the final round of the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Charlotte, N.C.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Justin Thomas poses with the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Charlotte, N.C.
(AP Photo/Chris O'Meara). Justin Thomas poses with the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Charlotte, N.C.
(AP Photo/John Bazemore). Jani, right, and Mike Thomas watch their son Justin Thomas win the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Charlotte, N.C.
By DOUG FERGUSONAP Golf Writer
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - The son and grandson of golf professionals, Justin Thomas couldn't think of a better major to win than the PGA Championship.
And at age 24, he couldn't think of a better time.
Youth is taking over the highest level of golf, and there were times Thomas felt left behind. Rory McIlroy already had four majors when he was 25. Closer to home was Jordan Spieth, a close friend since they were 14. Spieth won his third major at the British Open last month to give him three legs of the career Grand Slam.
"Frustration probably isn't the right word," Thomas said. "Jealously definitely is. I wanted to be doing that, and I wasn't."
Sunday at Quail Hollow was his moment.
Starting the final round two shots out of the lead, Thomas closed with a 3-under 68 for a two-shot victory to capture the final major of the year.
It required a little bit of good fortune, like when his tee shot bounced out of a tree and into the fairway on the par-5 10th hole, which ended with his 8-foot putt teetering on the edge of the cup for 12 seconds before gravity finally took over and the ball dropped for birdie.
"I didn't even see it go in," said Thomas, who had his back turned to the cup as he was asking caddie Jimmy Johnson how it didn't go in. Players are allowed reasonable time to get to the ball, and then they get 10 seconds before they hit the next shot, so he was well within the limit.
He seized control on the back nine with a chip-in for birdie from 40 feet on the par-3 13th hole.
Above all, it required plenty of grit, and Thomas showed plenty of that.
The key moment in his victory came along the infamous "Green Mile" at Quail Hollow, a brutal stretch of holes where players are trying to hang on with pars. Thomas had a one-shot lead over Hideki Matsuyama when he drove into the rough, and his approach tumbled into a bunker. He did well to get that out to 6 feet.
Matsuyama was spared by the thick rough behind the green that kept his ball from going into the water, and he had a good lie that allowed him to chip to 5 feet.
Thomas wasted no time over the putt and drilled into the center of the cup. Matsuyama missed and fell two shots behind.
And then Thomas effectively ended it with a 7-iron so pure that he let the club swirl through his hand as the ball soared over the water, onto the green and rolled out to 15 feet on the 221-yard shot to a peninsula green. His birdie putt swirled into the cup, and the rest was easy.
He finished with a bogey - his first since the third hole - when it no longer mattered. Thomas finished at 8-under 276.
He won by two shots over Francesco Molinari (67), Patrick Reed (67) and Louis Oosthuizen (70), none of whom were a serious threat as they played the 18th.
His real challenge was Matsuyama playing next to him, and Kevin Kisner, the 54-hole leader in the group behind him.
Kisner ran off two important birdies on the 14th and 15th holes to get within one shot, but the final stretch is no place to make up more ground. He three-putted from 100 feet on the 16th hole to fall two back, couldn't convert from long range on the 17th and hit into the water because of mud on his ball on the 18th.
Among those waiting for Thomas alongside the 18th green were his father and Spieth.
Mike Thomas, the longtime pro at Harmony Landing outside Louisville, Kentucky, spread his arms wide as he approached his only son and wrapped them around him. He also made sure to collect an important part of history.
Ever since his son was in elementary school, he has been collecting golf balls from his victory. The total is now 131. Asked if he made sure to get the ball Thomas used to tap in the final putt, Mike Thomas reached into his pocket, smiled and said, "You mean this one?"
The PGA Championship was important to Thomas to take his place among the young elite in the game, and it was important to his family. His grandfather, Paul Thomas, also was a club pro and has been a PGA of America member for 60 years. He was the first person Thomas called.
"As a kid growing up, you want to win all the majors. You want to win any major," Thomas said after his victory. "For me, the PGA definitely had a special place in my heart, and maybe a special drive. It's just a great win for the family, and it's a moment we'll never forget - all of us."
Spieth was there, too, wanting to celebrate with his friend.
The week began with Spieth's bid to complete the career Grand Slam, and it never got out of the gates. Thomas, endlessly referred to as "Spieth's close friend," emerged from his shadow with a major of his own.
"So awesome, dude," Spieth told him.
Spieth and Thomas first became close when they played the Junior Evian Masters in 2007. Thomas won the 36-hole event and got to play the pro-am the next day with LPGA great Juli Inkster. Spieth caddied for him.
Ten years later, they have won consecutive majors and head into the FedEx Cup playoffs battling for PGA Tour player of the year.
Longtime friends, now both are major champions.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Brett Veach has made so many manoeuvrs involving draft picks since taking over as the Kansas City Chiefs' general manager that it's hard to believe he's never led an actual draft.
That changes this week.
The young front office boss, who took over when John Dorsey was let go last summer, heads into the three-day draft Thursday without a first-round pick. But Veach has one in the second round and two more in the third, giving him ample opportunity to shore up a leaky defence on an otherwise deep roster.
“I am looking forward to it. I've been working up to it, been doing this for 12 years,” he said last week. “I've been going to the draft room for a long time. Certainly, it will be different as a GM. I am surrounded by a lot of great people and trust those guys.”
The Chiefs clearly trust him. Dorsey did a good job of acquiring talent after taking over a 2-14 franchise, but his inability to manage the salary cap ultimately led to his ouster.
Veach has quickly balanced the books, using draft choices to help the process. He sent a fourth-round pick next year to Buffalo to grab middle linebacker Reggie Ragland, who started right away last season, and a fifth-rounder this year to Cleveland for swing offensive tackle Cam Erving.
Then, he dealt quarterback Alex Smith to Washington for cornerback Kendall Fuller and a third-round pick this year, and cornerback Marcus Peters and a sixth-round pick this year to the Los Angeles Rams for a fourth-round pick this year and a second-round selection next season.
Got all that?
The upshot is that, while nobody is quite sure what Veach will do when he runs his own draft, the safe assumption is that he will move aggressively to nab a player he likes.
“That's just kind of who I am. I have a group of guys up there who are worried that I'm going to be too aggressive,” he said, “so I'm glad I have those guys. Everyone does this, and we've done this the last five years, you go through mock drafts just like you see online. We kind of just play that game ourselves in regards to what do we do if, or what about if this guy slides.
“I think every scenario had me trading up and my guys were like, ‘we have a lot of good picks here.' I think I'll have a good group of guys helping me out there.”
As Veach and the Chiefs prepare for the draft, here are some things to know:
PRIORITIZING Defence
The Chiefs spent lavishly on WR Sammy Watkins and are deep on offence, but there are holes across the board on defence. Look for them to target a pass rusher or cornerback with their first couple of choices, regardless of whether Veach decides to trade up.
“Brett puts his own flare on things here and there,” Chiefs coach Andy Reid said. “I think he's very thorough. If I can tell you what he is, he's very thorough.”
BUT REMEMBER OFFENSE
Kansas City will have a young, largely unproven starter under centre after Patrick Mahomes II took over. Veach and Reid both talked about surrounding him with talent, and that could mean more help with pass catchers and offensive linemen.
LOCAL LOOKOUT
There are some local names that could fit nicely in Kansas City. Kansas DE Dorance Armstrong showed flashes of talent throughout his career in Lawrence, while Kanas State CB D.J. Reed has the speed to help on defence and special teams — he was a return ace with the Wildcats.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Chiefs have landed at least one Pro Bowl player each of the past three drafts: Peters in 2015, WR Tyreek Hill the next year and RB Kareem Hunt last season. But they also have acquired other key guys, including Mahomes in the first round last year and DT Chris Jones in the second round in 2016.
The misses have largely been on defence. CB KeiVarae Russell was cut in camp after going in the third round in 2016, while DE Tanoh Kpassagnon rarely saw the field as a second-rounder last year.
Good luck finding bigger bargains than Hunt and Hill. Hunt was a third-round pick last year and led the league in rushing as a rookie, while Hill was a fifth-round pick with plenty of off-the-field issues, but has thrived as a wide receiver and return man.
——
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
NAIROBI, Kenya — Kenya's main opposition group on Sunday postponed a mock ceremony to inaugurate its leader as president.
Opposition leader Raila Odinga and his colleagues said in a statement the decision to delay the event until a later date was reached after wide consultations but that they “remain fully on course in pursuit of electoral justice.”
“We are aware that this will be a disappointment to the people of Kenya who were eagerly waiting for this occasion,” the statement said. “We wish to assure them that our resolve has not changed. Specifically, we wish to reiterate that any national dialogue must have electoral justice on the agenda. We are not interested in sharing illegitimate dictatorial power.”
The protest event had been set for Dec. 12.
Kenya's government said last week the ceremony would amount to treason and the U.S. urged the opposition to cancel it amid concerns it might end in violence.
Odinga brought a successful legal challenge against President Uhuru Kenyatta's August re-election but boycotted the repeat vote in October, saying there had not been enough electoral reforms.
Odinga said he doesn't recognize Kenyatta as the country's legitimate president, although the Supreme Court unanimously upheld Kenyatta's victory in the October rerun vote.
Anger remains high among Odinga's supporters who believe he won the August vote.
Dozens of people have been killed in clashes between the security forces and Odinga's supporters since the August vote.
Travis Reinking's erratic behavior began years before police say he showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant and killed four people with an assault-style rifle.
The onetime construction crane operator bounced between states and suffered from delusions, sometimes talking about plans to marry singer Taylor Swift, friends and relatives told police. He was arrested outside the White House last year after asking to speak to President Donald Trump, and his bizarre actions seemed to intensify in recent days with a car theft.
Now Reinking is charged in Tennessee with four counts of criminal homicide. He's been jailed without bond.
"He's a good kid that went off the handle for some reason," said Dave Warren, who once worked with Reinking in Colorado.
Former co-workers at Rocky Mountain Crane in Salida, Colorado, told police after the shooting that Reinking as complex.
He didn't drink or do drugs, according to a police report describing the interviews, and he was known as intelligent, polite and an excellent equipment operator. He didn't like the government or the National Rifle Association, and he talked about being a "sovereign citizen," although the meaning of the phrase wasn't clear.
What seemed to drive Reinking more than anything was an obsession with Swift, the report said.
Reinking told police — once in Tazewell County, Illinois, in 2016, and again in Colorado last year — that Swift was stalking him. He was infatuated with her and supposedly purchased a $14,000 ring and drove to California to try to meet her, authorities said.
But co-workers also knew Reinking as openly gay, according to the interview notes.
Ken and Darlene Sustrich, the owners of the crane service where Reinking worked for six months, recalled a time when he and other members of a crew were returning to Salida after completing a job. As they passed through the town of Last Chance, Colorado, Reinking quit on the spot.
"He misconstrued that was his last chance," Ken Sustrich said. "He got super-paranoid, and he quit that day. He said, 'This is my last chance.'"
Reinking's intelligence impressed them. He would sometimes talk about astrophysics, Darlene Sustrich said.
In his last few days at the crane service, he began showing signs of paranoia.
"You could see something was off with him, but nothing violent," Darline Sustrich said. Then came a call from the FBI, saying Reinking had tried to jump the White House fence.
"We told them, 'Hang onto him if you can. Help him if you can,'" she said.
Ken Sustrich told police that he reached out to Reinking's father with concerns about his son's mental health. He said the father replied that he was aware of the issues and "had been recently trying to rekindle his relationship with Travis," the police report said.
Back in Illinois last June, a sheriff's report showed, the younger Reinking barged into a community swimming pool and jumped in wearing only underwear and a pink woman's coat. That same day, an employee at his family's business, J&J Cranes, said he emerged from an apartment above the office wearing a pink dress, clutching a rifle and yelling profanities, according to a report.
The sheriff's department called his father, who was out of state. He told officers that he had taken four guns away when his son was "having problems" but later returned them.
Police suggested that Jeff Reinking "lock the guns back up until Travis gets mental help," officer Randy Davis wrote in a report. The father agreed to do so.
When he was arrested at the White House, Reinking was not armed, but Illinois state police revoked his state firearms card at the FBI's request. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the Waffle House shooting, were transferred to his father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law. The father said he later returned the guns to his son again, police said.
Signs of paranoid delusions continued: In August, Reinking told police he wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into his computer and phone and people "barking like dogs" outside his residence, according to a report.
It isn't clear why Reinking moved recently to the Nashville area from Morton, Illinois, and if it had anything to do with being near Swift. The performer has a home in Nashville, though it's not her only residence.
A representative of Swift did not return a message seeking comment, nor did the public defender appointed to represent Reinking, who has not entered a plea.
Nashville police say they were not aware of Reinking's past fixation with Swift, but authorities in Music City say they are all too familiar with people being preoccupied with the superstar.
"You wouldn't believe how many people are obsessed with Taylor Swift," Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said.
Reinking apparently kept a low profile until recent days.
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week, officers decided against a risky chase knowing the car had a GPS device and could be located. Police found the vehicle outside Reinking's apartment, but they did not figure out until after the attack that Reinking had apparently taken it.
———
Foody reported from Denver, Colorado. Reeves reported from Birmingham, Alabama. Associated Press writers Dan Elliott in Salida, Colorado; Ed White in Detroit; John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Kristin Hall in Nashville; and Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, also contributed to this report.
Catchers for the Colorado Rockies will be a topic of conversation throughout spring training and into the early part of the 2017 campaign. We talked earlier in this article about the battle looming between Tom Murphy and Tony Wolters for not only playing time but who will be the Opening Day starter in Milwaukee.
While there will be a lot of focus on those two players, there is an interesting battle lurking at Triple-A Albuquerque behind the dish as well.
Dustin Garneau has appeared in 46 games for the Rockies over the last two seasons, posting a .196 average with three homers and 14 RBI. He's appeared in Denver when injuries have necessitated his presence and, unless something happens to Murphy or Wolters before the April 3 opener at the Brewers, Garneau will open the season in Triple-A.
A new member of the Rockies organization is also one of the franchise's more interesting acquisitions of the offseason. Anthony Bemboom was selected in the Rule 5 draft during the closing hours of the recent winter meetings. Picked from the Los Angeles Angels organization, Bemboom is a 26-year-old catcher who worked his way to Triple-A Salt Lake City with the Angels.
More from Rox Pile
He hit .261 at Triple-A last season in 47 games. He also threw out 16 of 35 potential baserunners, continuing an upward trend where he has been tough on those trying to steal a base. In his career, he's thrown out 118 of 351 runners (33.6 percent). However, last season that number jumped to 23-of-56 (41 percent).
Originally drafted in the 22nd round of the 2012 First-Year Player Draft out of Creighton University, Bemboom has batted .233 (277-for-1,188) with 142 runs, 42 doubles, nine triples, 22 home runs and 148 RBI across five Minor Leagues levels in five seasons.
Bemboom's former manager at Double-A Arkansas, Mark Parent, logged 13 Major League seasons as a catcher with seven different teams. He knows what it takes to catch at all levels of professional baseball.
“He works extremely hard,” Parent said of Bemboom in this article. “He's a hard-nosed player. He knows how to catch. He knows how to call a game, knows how to throw.”
While Bemboom's pickup in the Rule 5 draft may not have received much fanfare, it has provided depth at a position where the Rockies needed it. It could also set up an interesting battle for playing time at catcher at Colorado's highest two levels of play.
This article originally appeared on
Sen. Pat Bates
Sen. Connie M. Leyva
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Assemblymember Sharon Quirk-Silva
Sen. Ed Hernandez
Sen. Ricardo Lara (Andy Holzman/Los Angeles Daily News)
Assemblymember Jim Patterson
Sen. Steven Bradford
Sen. Anthony Portantino
Assemblymember Freddie Rodriguez
Eighteen of his friends lost the addiction battle in just the past two years, the most recent in October — i a sober living home.
“The road to this bill is paved with dead bodies,” said Ryan Hampton, a writer and addiction recovery activist who supports California Senate Bill 1228, also known as the Substance Use Disorder Patient Protection Act.
“The patient brokering, the abuses, the deep money; treatment centers have created a culture of white-collar crime,” Hampton said. “Southern California has proven to be a cesspool of unscrupulous, unethical operators.
“We need to let them know that it's not acceptable.”
The proposed legislation that Hampton likes, by Sen. Ricardo Lara, D-Bell Gardens, would outlaw the industry practice of auctioning patients to rehab centers that want to tap into those patients' insurance plans, among other things. Lara's bill is one of several state and federal legislative proposals aimed at cleaning up the weakly-regulated drug and alcohol recovery industry.
While Hampton and others support the idea, critics suggest SB 1228 and some other proposals are misleading window dressing, bills aimed at giving the impression of oversight while actually changing little.
Weak or strong, fanged or toothless, many bills targeting the industry have died quick, quiet deaths in recent years, often failing make it out of committee. It's a form of legislative paralysis that Hampton, of Pasadena, termed “disgusting and unacceptable.”
This year, in the wake of the Southern California News Group's probe of fraud, abuse and death on the Rehab Riviera, many are hopeful the outcome will be different.
“Something has to pass in this session,” Hampton said. “It will save lives.”
The devils are, as always, in the details. There are myriad addiction-related bills rattling around in Sacramento, and critics say that while many nibble at the edges of the industry's abuses and loopholes — aiming to strengthen California's feeble regulation of the drug and alcohol treatment industry — none tackles the problem as a whole.
That might require a fundamental shift, tackling addiction as a medical, not a behavioral, problem. Critics say such a shift could put the rehab industry squarely in the medial arena, and decisions would be more likely to be made by physicians and other experts and less influenced by boiler room operators and rehab entrepreneurs.
Mostly, critics argue, it's time to enact the same kind of legislative protections for addicts that are in place for patients facing other medical challenges.
“I've got a lot of friends I don't get to talk to anymore because they are dead. They got brokered into the wrong place,” said Garrett Hade, a recovering addict and anti-drug advocate.
“This population has been taken advantage of for too long.”
Background checks for rehab owners and workers?
California requires criminal background checks for acupuncturists, dental hygienists, optometrists and veterinarians, among others. But no such check is required of rehab operators and their employees, even though they work closely with people who are vulnerable to emotional, physical and financial abuse.
A proposal from Sen. Pat Bates, R-Laguna Niguel — SB 902 — is aimed at changing that. It would require the Department of Health Care Services to run state and federal criminal background checks before issuing licenses for substance abuse treatment facilities. It also would prohibit applicants with recent criminal convictions or pending charges for an alcohol- or drug-related offenses from working or running rehabs.
The bill does provide for exceptions; former convicts could run or operate a rehab if more than five years have passed since their last felony conviction, for example. Likewise, they could get into, or stay in, the rehab business if granting a waiver “does not endanger the public health, safety, or welfare.”
Bates' bill also would require workers and owners to notify the state if they rack up new arrests — something missing now. And it would stop doctors and nurses who've lost medical licenses from setting up rehabs or working in them.
Another bill, AB 2200 , by Assemblyman Jim Patterson, R-Fresno, also would require criminal background checks.
Opposed are the California Consortium of Addiction Programs and Professionals and the County Behavioral Health Directors Association of California, who say Bates' bill is “a drastic over-reach.”
Background checks would be costly, opponents say, delaying licensing for new programs and excluding too many people from working in the industry. The law “could result in the decimation of an already insufficient…workforce.”
End health mysterious insurance “scholarships”?
A phrase common in the online and print rehab ads that lure thousands of addicts from around the country to centers in Southern California is this: “No insurance? No problem!”
It's a come-on that informs clients they'll get health insurance — at no cost to them — via a “scholarship” that will be paid upon arrival. The rehab center (or the broker who is recruiting the addict on the center's behalf) pays the premium, often without the patient's knowledge, because they can recoup their investment many times over in the form of insurance payouts for ineffective or non-existent rehab services.
Senate Bill 1156, by Sen. Connie M. Leyva, D-Chino, would outlaw financially-interested parties –such as addiction treatment centers and kidney dialysis centers, where the same scam has been rampant — from paying their clients' health insurance premiums.
Insurers support it. Blue Shield of California, for example, said it paid out at least $64 million in claims from January 2014 to June 2016 on policies involving third-party premium payments. As insurers crack down, however, many third-party payers have switched to pre-paid debit cards and other harder-to-trace payment methods.
Opponents of SB 1156 include some nonprofits, who fear that a prohibition on third-party payments would stop legitimate charities from helping care for the truly needy.
Patient brokering ban, take two?
Several bills aim to outlaw the ubiquitous rehab industry practice known as “body brokering,” in which rehab operators bid for addicts and their insurance plans.
In addition to outlawing such brokering, Lara's bill, SB 1228, would prohibit licensed facilities from referring patients to other facilities, such as sober living homes, that are not licensed or certified.
But the proposed law does not include any criminal penalty, a sore point with critics. Instead, the proposal would limit patient referrals only to sober living homes and rehab centers that have been voluntarily certified for quality by a yet-to-be named agency.
Lara said Gov. Jerry Brown is not interested in criminalizing patient brokering at a time when jails and prisons are brimming over with people struggling with drug addictions.
“By putting a ban on this, we are putting it out that (body brokering) can no longer be the practice in the state of California. This would allow us to strengthen our position,” Lara said of the intent behind his bill.
Of kickbacks, he added, “not only is it immoral… it is disheartening.”
Some argue that Lara's proposal lacks specific penalties for violations, making it more carrot than stick. But supporters say the new incentives to follow the rules – and getting lucrative referrals as a result – would be strong enough to improve the industry.
Another Bates bill that would forbid patient brokering, SB 1290, also would create a “Commission on Substance Abuse and Recovery” to help the Legislature work out a broad overhaul of rehab industry regulations. The legislation's written goal is to “create a coordinated and unified effort among state and local agencies to effectively confront the statewide addiction and substance abuse crisis.”
Another anti-brokering bill, SB-1268, by Sen. Steven Bradford, D-Gardena, is an update on a proposal that hit a wall in the Senate last year . SB 1268 would make patient brokering – giving or getting anything of value for the referral of someone seeking rehab treatment – a misdemeanor punishable by a fine.
“In some cases, this cyclical process of addiction-for-cash continues until a patient's death,” Bradford's primer on the bill said.
Critics say brokering should be a felony, and that the consequences should more severe.
Raise the bar on sober living?
Recovery residences, or sober living homes, are supposed to be communities of like-minded people living together while in recovery form their addictions, not treatment centers or big businesses. But sober living homes have proven to be a gray area in this regard.
Under current federal law, drug addicts and alcoholics are considered to be disabled and, as such, they are protected from discrimination by the federal Americans with Disabilities Act. Usually, that protection means sober living homes — which typically house a half-dozen or fewer addicts in a residential setting — can't be subject to any more regulation than a city might impose on your family's house.
People who live near sober living homes argue, however, that such homes often introduce chaos to their neighborhoods. Lawmakers are trying to forge an acceptable middle ground.
SB 1317, By Sen. Anthony Portantino, D–La Cañada Flintridge, would allow local governments to “reasonably regulate” sober-living homes so long as they're in line with the ADA. Under the proposal, a city or county would be allowed to require that sober home operators submit plans prior to opening, provide one full bathroom for every two residents, and meet minimum size requirements for bedrooms.
Another problem is that sober living homes often are owned by, or financially connected to, rehab centers, but those financial relationships typically aren't disclosed publicly. A proposal by Sen. Ed Hernandez, D-West Covina, SB 992 , would require such disclosure. It also would create a voluntary online registry, and make other changes “to shine a light” on recovery residences operating in California.
Assembly Bill 2214, by Freddie Rodriguez, D-Pomona, would give the state oversight of sober living homes, and set up a voluntary certification process for them. The bill also would give the California Department of Health Care Services the authority to respond to complaints regarding sober living homes, something that's not part of the agency's purview, and require that government agencies refer people to certified recovery residences, if available.
Critics dislike the voluntary aspect of these bills. Those who want stronger laws argue that certification would still not be the state's responsibility, but instead would be outsourced to a third party – a failing they view as a critical weakness. At the other end of the objection spectrum is Disability Rights California, which says the Rodriguez bill creates a “coercive structure” and discriminates against the disabled.
Give regulators more muscle?
Assemblywoman Sharon Quirk-Silva, D-Fullerton, has proposed AB 572, which would relocate one state inspector from Sacramento to Costa Mesa, which is home to the most dense concentration of licensed addiction treatment facilities in California outside of Malibu. Right now, it can take up to 18 months between the time a complaint is lodged with the state and an inspector responds to that complaint. Locating inspectors in places where lots of rehabs are operating could streamline that process and beef up state oversight. This pilot program would be funded by Costa Mesa. Opponents argue that “uniformity of enforcement is critical,” and fear that locally-based inspectors would apply differing standards.
AB 3162 by Assemblywoman Laura Friedman, D-Glendale, would deny licenses for new treatment centers if the proposed facilities are within 300 feet of another licensed facility. It also would make new licenses provisional for one year, creating a probationary period, and boost fines for non-compliance. Supporters say the proposal would protect against rehab operators converging in a single city or geographical area; critics say it would reduce the overall number of rehab facilities available, leaving thousands of patients without access to care.
Another proposal from Bates, SB 1109, would require doctors to take continuing education courses in pain relief medicine and the dangers of opioids. Doctors who prescribe to minors would have to discuss the dangers of drugs with parents or guardians, and prescription bottles would carry a warning label.
“Knowledge is power,” Bates said. “I truly believe education is one of the most powerful weapons we can wield to save lives.”
Editorial-Exchange-PrinceGeorgeCitizen
HL:Editorial Exchange: Pipeline purchase will be widely felt
By Neil Godbout, Prince George Citizen
An editorial from the Prince George Citizen , published May 29:
There are so many interesting side angles and potential spinoffs from the federal government's announcement Tuesday that it is buying the Trans Mountain pipeline and the B.C. terminal from Kinder Morgan for $4.5 billion.
Here is a short list:
For the people worried that taxpayers might be left on the hook for the cost and billions more, they should relax and look at the history. The federal government actually has an excellent record of buying out or financing troubled companies and projects, turning them around and then selling them for significant profit. Look no further than Hibernia, Syncrude and General Motors.
That's not to say that history will continue to repeat itself, but if the feds can push this project to completion and get the oil flowing and the tankers moving, the Government of Canada will have the option of selling their stake for billions more than what they paid for it or continuing to own it and collecting the significant annual royalties.
With a federal election less than 18 months away, Justin Trudeau and the federal Liberals have pushed all of their political chips in on Trans Mountain. If B.C. Premier John Horgan and Green leader Andrew Weaver thought Trudeau might fold on this file, they have misjudged the prime minister's mettle, as well as his analysis of the electoral map. Trudeau will lose some seats in the Lower Mainland and Vancouver Island but those defeats will be more than offset by wins in the B.C. Interior and elsewhere in Western Canada, where Trudeau will be able to say that Vancouver and Victoria don't get to decide what's good for the rest of Canada.
Strangely enough, Horgan also stands to score significant political gains, regardless of how all of these ends.
Horgan's passive but firm resistance to the pipeline expansion, deferring to the courts as the final arbiter, casts him in a flattering leadership light. For those against the pipeline but voted Green instead of NDP in the provincial election last year, they're impressed with Horgan's fortitude and may rethink their vote next time. For those who have soft support for the pipeline but are unimpressed with how Trudeau and Alberta premier Rachel Notley have thrown their weight around to bully B.C. into submission, Horgan appears as a resolute premier standing up for B.C. against the selfish outsiders from Edmonton and Ottawa.
And if B.C. loses its court challenges, Horgan gets to say he did everything he could to stop the project and he plans on getting significant guarantees from Ottawa to protect B.C. lands and waters in the case of a catastrophic spill. To B.C. Liberal leader Andrew Wilkinson or anyone else who questions his opposition to the project, Horgan can ask them how different his stance is from Christy Clark's on Northern Gateway when she was premier.
The now-inevitable progress on the pipeline will further divide B.C.'s First Nations.
While some have been loudly opposed to the project, not only do they not have blanket support across the province, a number of First Nations along the route have given the project their blessing already. Grand Chief Stewart Phillip can say all he wants that the summer of 2018 in B.C. will be a repeat of the Oka crisis in Quebec in the summer of 1990 if the pipeline proceeds, but both his comparison of the two situations and his assessment of the depth of his support in the Indigenous community is wrong. Some First Nations will stand with him but there will be significant and noteworthy absences.
Environmentalists, however, will be increasingly united and their protests will be long, loud and continuous. Most significantly, environmental groups have already been sending out the fundraising letters, seeking money from those who support the cause but can't or won't stand on the protest lines. If they keep their protests peaceful and non-confrontational and if they keep the troublemaking lunatics away from the TV cameras and project a wholesome “we're here because we care” image, they could do significant public relations damage. Nobody wants to see protesters hit over the head with a baton and hauled away in handcuffs.
The problem, however, is that just as history is on the side of governments making significant profits from taking over these kinds of projects, radical environmentalists often turn off the moderate public with vandalism and violence. Nobody wants to see protesters spitting on cops, either.
The courts are the final, unknown variable in play and their upcoming decisions, as they did with Site C, will decide the final fate of Trans Mountain but it's hard to imagine, as it was with Site C, how the judges put a stop to it.
On a mobile device? Click here to watch LIVE.
Saturday won't be a complete washout, but it will be wet especially around or shortly after sunset. Shower activity will begin to pick up in coverage and intensity by mid-afternoon.
Widespread rain is expected during the late afternoon and early evening. A few pockets of heavy rain will be possible, but most will receive less than 1" leading too little to no issue with flooding.
It stays chilly with highs reaching the mid 50°s. Sct'd rains will linger into early Sunday. Dry weather will return by Sunday afternoon with a slow clearing of clouds. Highs Sunday will be warmer reaching the mid 60°s. Bright sunshine returns Monday with pleasant temperatures. The warm up continues on Tuesday as daytime highs make it to the low 70°s.
Our next storm system arrives Tuesday into Wednesday. Showers and t-storms will be likely especially late Tuesday into early Wednesday. A possible squall line could develop ahead of a cold front. That line of storms is forecast to move through the area Wednesday. One or two strong storms will be possible within the line of storms.
Saturday afternoon, WAFB area Carnival parades may get lucky and miss out on the rain. On the other hand, Saturday evening's Krewe of Orion has a pretty good chance of getting damp. In addition, there will be an increasing chance for a few rumbles of thunder as we head into Saturday evening.
While we cannot rule out one or two strong thunderstorms between Saturday evening and early Sunday morning, we do not anticipate a significant stormy weather event. Localized rain totals could possibly approach 2” in spots, but the current guidance leans towards regional rain totals running well under 1” for most WAFB neighborhoods.
In addition, the latest First Alert Forecast calls for a dry and mild Sunday afternoon, with temperatures returning to the mid to upper 60s under slowly clearing skies. That is very good news for Mid City Gras' inaugural parade on North Boulevard.
The region dries out with plenty of sunshine on Monday, but the respite doesn't last long at all. Rain returns on Tuesday and extends into Wednesday as our next cold front arrives along the Gulf Coast. We could even see a few lingering showers early on Thursday and a return of isolated showers for Friday afternoon.
Temperatures will cool down slightly to end the week. Morning lows could dip into the upper 30°s Thursday. Yet another storm system will begin approaching Friday and is forecast to push through the area next Saturday.
CLICK HERE for more weather news.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
With five days to go until the release of her latest album Dirty Computer, Janelle Monáe has announced an extensive North American tour. Soul-funk vocal duo St. Beauty, who are part of Monáe's Wonderland Records artistic collective, will join her as the supporting act.
Along with today's tour news, Monáe has released an eye-catching new video for the album's fourth and final advance single “I Like That.” Watch it and review the dates of the upcoming tour below. Dirty Computer is out this Friday, April 27; tickets for most of the newly announced tour dates are on sale next Wednesday, May 2.
Janelle Monáe 2018 North American tour dates
June 11 — Seattle, WA @ King County's Marymoor Park
June 12 — Vancouver, BC @ Queen Elizabeth Theatre
June 13 — Portland, OR @ McMenamins Edgefield Amphitheater
June 16 — San Francisco, CA @ The Masonic
June 20 — San Diego, CA @ Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
June 26 — Phoenix, AZ @ Comerica Theater
June 28 — Los Angeles, CA @ The Greek Theatre
June 30 — Salt Lake City, UT @ The Complex
July 1 — Denver, CO @ The Paramount Theatre
July 3 — Minneapolis, MN @ State Theatre
July 5 — Chicago, IL @ The Chicago Theatre
July 6 — Milwaukee, WI @ Summerfest
Jul 7 — Grand Rapids, MI @ 20 Monroe Live
July 9 — Detroit, MI @ Fox Theatre Detroit
July 10 — Cincinnati, OH @ Taft Theatre
July 11 — St. Louis, MO @ The Pageant
July 13 — Nashville, TN @ Ryman Auditorium
July 14 — Indianapolis, IN @ Murat Theatre at Old National Centre
July 16 — Toronto, ON @ Rebel
July 18 — New York, NY @ Hulu Theater at Madison Square Garden
July 20 — Washington, DC @ The Anthem
July 21 — Boston, MA @ Blue Hills Bank Pavilion
July 23 — Raleigh, NC @ The Ritz
July 24 — Charlotte, NC @ The Fillmore Charlotte
July 26 — Tampa, FL @ Jannus Live
July 27 — Miami, FL @ The Fillmore Miami at Jackie Gleason Theater
July 28 — Orlando, FL @ House of Blues Orlando
August 4 — Atlanta, GA @ Tabernacle
TORONTO — A man is dead following a late-night shooting in one of Toronto's busiest intersections.
Police say a man was shot at around 11 p.m. at Yonge-Dundas Square in the heart of downtown.
The man believed to be in his 20s was rushed to a nearby trauma centre in critical condition.
Homicide Det. Stephen Henkel says he died of his injuries in hospital.
He says investigators had not yet identified the victim, nor have they released any suspect information.
Henkel says police are seeking witnesses from the many people who in the square at the time of the shooting and planned to check out surveillance camera footage in the area.
Keith Mohney was arrested over the weekend after a cafeteria worker allegedly overheard him talking about having molested a child.
NEW ALBANY, IN (WAVE) – A conversation overheard by a cafeteria worker has led to a child molestation arrest in New Albany.
Keith Mohney, 67, was arrested over the weekend.
Our partners at the News and Tribune reported a cafeteria worker overheard the child talking about the abuse, and reported it.
The victim is a girl under the age of 10. It's not clear if Mohney has any other alleged victims.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Here are this morning's most recent headlines from Wyo4News with links to the stories impacting your life in Sweetwater County.
Local News:
Fairbourn Trial Begins Wednesday: A man accused of killing one woman and injuring another in a knife attack in Rock Springs is set to go to trial Wednesday. More information here.
Utah Man Arrested; Stolen Minivan Recovered: A Utah man is in custody and a stolen minivan recovered as the result of good police work and a recharged Apple iPad, Sweetwater County Sheriff Mike Lowell said Thursday. More information here.
Tackle Drunk Driving Before the Game Starts: Kickoff on America's favorite pastime is just about ready to start. More information here.
Wyomingites Warned of Risks Associated With Pirate Websites: In a public service announcement, Attorney General Peter Michael warns consumers that hackers are known to use pirate websites to infect consumers. More information here.
University of Wyoming Fall Semester Dean's And Dean's Freshman Honor Rolls: Sweetwater County: View students here.
University of Wyoming President's Honor Roll: Sweetwater County: View students here.
University of Wyoming President's Honor Roll: Uinta County: View students here.
Opticians Offering Free Glasses Work At American Legion Next Wednesday: Do your glasses need a little touch-up? More information here.
Dr. Banu Symington Joins Memorial Hospital Staff: Dr. Banu Symington joined the Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County staff Feb. 1, working as a hematologist/oncologist. More information here.
Yellowstone Seeks Public Input on Historic Mammoth Hot Springs Hotel Window Replacement: Yellowstone National Park seeks comments from the public on a project to replace windows in the historic Mammoth Hot Springs Hotel. More information here.
Sports:
Lady Tigers Fall To Kelly Walsh: The Rock Springs Lady Tigers were unable to make things happen offensively as they fall, 51-34, to the Kelly Walsh Lady Trojans. More information here.
Tigers Fall By Nine On The Road: The Rock Springs Tigers were unable to hold off the tough offense of the Kelly Walsh Trojans as they fall, 60-51. More information here.
Green River Wolves split with Casper Natrona. Girls drop their game 56-38 while the Wolves defeat Natrona 46-38. Both teams will play at Casper Kelly Walsh later today.
Wyoming Cowboys (6-3, 15-7) will host host Fresno State (5-5, 15-8) this afternoon at noon at the Double A. The Game will be broadcast on WyoRadio's 99.7 JACK-FM beginning at 11:30 am. \
The Wyoming Cowgirls (7-2, 14-6) travel to Fresno State (7-4, 12-10) for n afternoon matchup.
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Roy Moore: 'I did not molest anyone' 2:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
WASHINGTON — For all the focus on tomorrow's special Senate race in Alabama, the contest comes down to this eye-opening reality: If Republican Roy Moore underperforms Donald Trump's winning 2016 margin in the state (+28) by 30 points, he loses. But if he underperforms by 25 points, he narrowly wins. That's the disadvantage that Democrat Doug Jones faces in this race.
But there's an advantage Jones holds that hasn't received the attention it should — Democrats have enjoyed a substantial edge in enthusiasm across the country in 2017. And that probably will play out in ruby-red Alabama, too, especially since the race is expected to be a low-turnout affair with no other key contests on the ballot.
Before tomorrow's election in Alabama, this year has featured six major contests — four which Republicans won and two which Democrats carried. And in almost every case (from Virginia to Kansas and South Carolina), Democrats overperformed their margin from that race's prior contest, as well as from the result of the 2016 presidential election in that area.
KS-4 in 2016: Mike Pompeo 61%, Daniel Giroux 30% (R+31)
KS-4 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 60%, Clinton 33% (R+27)
KS-4 in 2017: Ron Estes 53%, James Thompson 46% (R+7)
GA-6 in 2016: Tom Price 62%, Rodney Stooksbury 38% (R+24)
GA-6 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 48%, Clinton 47% (R+1)
GA-6 in 2017 (initial round): Jon Ossoff 48%, Karen Handel 20%, Bob Gray 11%, Dan Moody 9%, Judson Hill 9%.
GA-6 in 2017 (runoff): Handel 52%, Ossoff 48% (R+4)
MT-AL in 2016: Ryan Zinke 56%, Denise Juneau 40% (R+16)
MT in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 57%, Clinton 36% (R+21)
MT-AL in 2017: Greg Gianforte 50%, Rob Quist 44% (R+6)
SC-5 in 2016: Mick Mulvaney 59%, Fran Person 39% (R+20)
SC-5 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 57%, Clinton 39% (R+18)
SC-5 in 2017: Ralph Norman 51%, Archie Parnell 48% (R+3)
NJ GOV in 2013: Chris Christie 60%, Barbara Buono 38% (R+22)
NJ in 2016 (presidential results): Clinton 55%, Trump 41% (D+14)
NJ GOV in 2017: Phil Murphy 56%, Kim Guadagno 42% (D+14)
VA GOV in 2013: Terry McAuliffe 48%, Ken Cuccinelli 45% (D+3)
VA in 2016 (presidential results): Clinton 50%, Trump 44% (D+6)
VA GOV in 2017: Ralph Northam 54%, Ed Gillespie 45% (D+9)
Because this is Alabama, an advantage in enthusiasm isn't enough — by itself — for Doug Jones to overcome the state's Republican-leaning tilt (see the outcomes in Kansas and South Carolina). But that enthusiasm advantage, PLUS the allegations that have rocked Roy Moore's campaign, PLUS Jones' fundraising edge, PLUS the write-in-vote factor have turned this into a race that's become nearly impossible to predict.
Trump goes all in on Roy Moore, while Alabama's senior senator says GOP “can do better”
At a campaign-style rally Friday in Pensacola, Fla. – which is just across the Alabama border – President Trump went all in for Roy Moore. “We love our veterans; we want conservative judges like [Neil] Gorsuch on the Supreme Court; we want people who will protect your gun rights; great trade deals instead of the horrible deals; we want jobs, jobs, jobs. So get out and vote for Roy Moore. Do it.”
And the president also has recorded a robo-call for Moore. “Hi, this is President Donald Trump, and I need Alabama to go vote for Roy Moore. It is so important.”
By contrast, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., — the state's senior senator — repeated that he didn't vote for Moore. “I want to reiterate again I didn't vote for Roy Moore. I wouldn't vote for Roy Moore. I think the Republican Party can do better,” Shelby told CNN.
On “Meet the Press” yesterday, Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said this of Moore: “Well, the Constitution requires us to A) if he wins, and still an if, if he wins, if he wins we have to seat him. Then there will immediately be an ethics investigation. We'll have a greater opportunity for us to look into all the issues, the allegations, and perhaps even talk with some of the folks who are witnesses. That will give us a clear picture. I've always said that so far, as far as I can tell, the allegations are significantly stronger than the denial.”
Nikki Haley says Trump's accusers should be heard, and they're speaking out today
Appearing on CBS yesterday, UN Ambassador Nikki Haley said this when asked about the women who have accused President Trump of sexual misconduct: “Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with. And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
And guess what — they're speaking up today. As NBC's Kate Snow reported on “Today” this morning, a non-profit documentary-film company is hosting a press conference later today, where women will recount their allegations of sexual misconduct against the president and where they will demand a congressional investigation into the president.
Also, NBC's Megyn Kelly today will have a live sit-down interview with three of the president's accusers – Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks.
18 Crucial Days: What did Trump know about Michael Flynn and when did he know it?
Turning to the Russia investigation, NBC's Carol Lee and Julia Ainsley report that special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to determine what happened inside the White House during the 18-day period when it was told former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail to when Flynn was fired.
“The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump, say two people familiar with Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign. Multiple sources say that during interviews, Mueller's investigators have asked witnesses, including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing, to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn.”
“Some of those interviewed by Mueller's team believe the goal is in part to determine if there was a deliberate effort by President Trump or top officials in the West Wing to cover up the information about Flynn that Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, conveyed to McGahn on Jan. 26. In addition to Flynn, McGahn is also expected to be critical to federal investigators trying to piece together a timeline of those 18 days.”
The conservative effort to undermine Mueller's investigation
Meanwhile, contrast that with the effort inside conservative media to undermine Mueller's investigation.
“Mueller is corrupt. The senior FBI is corrupt. The system is corrupt,” former House speaker Newt Gingrich said on Fox News.
Fox's Jeanine Pirro has called for a “cleansing” at the FBI. "I for one am tired of investigations, politicians posturing. Something more has to be done," she said. "The stench coming out of the FBI and Justice Department is like that of a Third World country where money and boys and clubs decide elections."
And even the conservative Wall Street Journal editorial page has called for Mueller to step down.
As the LA Times' Doyle McManus writes, "The anti-Mueller campaign isn't just noisy; it's dangerous. Gingrich, Hannity and Ruddy are people Trump listens to. Fox News is the channel he watches. Whether or not they persuade the president that he ought to fire Mueller, they are clearly paving the way — by convincing Trump's political base, the Fox News-watching public, that dismissing the prosecutor would be justified."
By the way, Mueller is a Republican who was first appointed to the FBI by a Republican president, and who was appointed as the special counsel in this case by the Trump administration's deputy attorney general.
The TV-watcher-in-chief
And speaking of the president's viewing habits, here's the New York Times story that ran over the weekend: “People close to him estimate that Mr. Trump spends at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that, in front of a television, sometimes with the volume muted, marinating in the no-holds-barred wars of cable news and eager to fire back.”
More from the article: “The ammunition for his Twitter war is television. No one touches the remote control except Mr. Trump and the technical support staff — at least that's the rule. During meetings, the 60-inch screen mounted in the dining room may be muted, but Mr. Trump keeps an eye on scrolling headlines. What he misses he checks out later on what he calls his “Super TiVo,” a state-of-the-art system that records cable news. Watching cable, he shares thoughts with anyone in the room, even the household staff he summons via a button for lunch or for one of the dozen Diet Cokes he consumes each day.”
Foursquare might not be as big as it was in its heyday, but it has a clever strategy for remaining important: it's making itself indispensable to the apps you use every day. On top of its recent Tinder Places deal, it's becoming the main point-of-interest provider for Mapbox, whose location info powers apps like Snapchat, Instacart and Lonely Planet. Even if you've never touched Foursquare or Swarm, you'll likely be using some of their data when you swing by a restaurant or hotel.
PARIS (AP) — Two teenage boys have been rescued after three days underground in the skeleton-lined labyrinth of the Catacombs of Paris.
Paris police said they alerted firefighters early Wednesday that the boys, aged 16 and 17, were missing. Police said teams of rescuers, including climbers and sniffer dogs, set out to search for the youths and found them beneath southern Paris a few hours later suffering from slight hypothermia.
It was unclear how the boys got lost.
Sometimes people sneak into the catacombs after the official museum is closed and venture into areas normally off-limits, even organizing special parties or adventure games.
Some 20 meters (66 feet) below Paris, the catacombs hold the remains of 6 million people, transferred there starting in the 1700s as public graveyards were closed.
For the first time ever, the Food and Drug Administration has told a drug company to pull a painkiller off the market because it has such a high potential for abuse.
The FDA said Thursday that Opana ER, an extended release form of the opioid drug oxymorphone made by the drug company Endo, was being crushed up and injected by people seeking to abuse it.
The following Schedule 2 narcotics are shown : Morphine Sulfate, OxyContin and Opana on January 18, 2013 in Carmichael, Calif. File Rich Pedroncelli / AP File
“Today, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration requested that Endo Pharmaceuticals remove its opioid pain medication, reformulated Opana ER (oxymorphone hydrochloride), from the market,” the FDA said in a statement.
“After careful consideration, the agency is seeking removal based on its concern that the benefits of the drug may no longer outweigh its risks. This is the first time the agency has taken steps to remove a currently marketed opioid pain medication from sale due to the public health consequences of abuse.”
The company is pushing back, saying the drug is safe and effective. It's not a gentle request. The FDA says if Endo doesn't voluntarily pull the drug from the market, it will withdraw approval.
Related: Florida's Governor Declares Opioid Abuse an Emergency
“Endo is reviewing the request and is evaluating the full range of potential options as we determine the appropriate path forward,” Endo said in a statement.
“Despite the FDA's request to withdraw Opana ER from the market, this request does not indicate uncertainty with the product's safety or efficacy when taken as prescribed.”
“This action will protect the public from further potential for misuse and abuse of this product.”
Opana is one of many opioid drugs being abused in the opioid epidemic that is sweeping the United States.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says opioid overdoses have hit record highs, killing more than 40,000 people in 2015 — more than the 32,000 who died in road accidents.
Related: NIH Launches Push to Fight Opioid Crisis
"We are facing an opioid epidemic - a public health crisis, and we must take all necessary steps to reduce the scope of opioid misuse and abuse," FDA commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in a statement.
Endo, which sold $158 million worth of Opana ER in 2015, had reformulated the pills in 2012 and sought to get them labeled as abuse deterrent.
The FDA said that reformulation made things worse.
“The FDA's decision is based on a review of all available postmarketing data, which demonstrated a significant shift in the route of abuse of Opana ER from nasal to injection following the product's reformulation,” it said.
“Injection abuse of reformulated Opana ER has been associated with a serious outbreak of HIV and hepatitis C,” it added. Both viruses spread when people share needles.
Related: Possibly Fake Percocet Kills Two in Georgia
Cities and states have started suing makers of opioid drugs, saying that they've pushed their drugs on doctors and patients alike, helping drice addiction. Studies show many, if not most, most addicts start out using prescription opioids to treat legitimate pain.
"Four out of five individuals now suffering from heroin or fentanyl addiction first started down this road by using prescription opioids," Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine told a hearing in Congress on the opioid epidemic Thursday.
Endo is one of five companies being sued by Ohio, the second state to sue companies after Mississippi. Everett, Washington sued Purdue Pharma, the maker of the opioid Oxycontin.
"The abuse and manipulation of reformulated Opana ER by injection has resulted in a serious disease outbreak," said Dr. Janet Woodcock, director of the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research.
"When we determined that the product had dangerous unintended consequences, we made a decision to request its withdrawal from the market,” Woodcock added in a statement.
“This action will protect the public from further potential for misuse and abuse of this product.”
Wildlife advocates plan to challenge the approval of a new Yellowstone River dam to benefit farmers that critics say could kill off a dwindling population of a fish dating to the time of dinosaurs.
Continue Reading Below
A bypass channel for the irrigation dam would be built near the Montana-North Dakota border to let endangered pallid sturgeon reach upstream spawning grounds.
But scientists don't know if the fish would use the channel.
Wildearth Guardians and the Natural Resources Defense Council said in a court filing Friday they are negotiating with officials on how to proceed following last month's dam construction approval by the U.S Army Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation.
The groups have a lawsuit pending over the $57 million project.
U.S. District Judge Brian Morris temporarily blocked it in 2015.
Why it matters to you Fans of Shonda Rhimes' series will need to get a Netflix subscription, stat, as she's moving her production company to the streaming site.
Hit TV series producer Shonda Rhimes is moving her production company Shondaland from ABC to Netflix, striking a multi-year deal to produce new series and other projects for the streaming site.
Rhimes is best known for her mega-hit TV series Grey's Anatomy, Scandal, and How to Get Away With Murder, all of which air on ABC. But it seems the lady with the knack for making hit TV series, many focusing on powerful women as central characters, is ready for a change. Alongside Rhimes, her long-time producing partner Betsy Beers will be making the move as well.
Netflix already has an existing relationship with Rhimes: How to Get Away With Murder, which stars Oscar and Emmy Award winning actress Viola Davis as high-powered lawyer Annalise Keating who leads her team of law students, often into questionable territories, streams through the service outside of the U.S. And medical and political dramas Grey's Anatomy and Scandal, respectively, are available on Netflix in many regions. All three shows will continue to air on ABC once their new seasons begin, presumably still as ABC's Thursday night lineup, which fans and the network lovingly call TGIT. But it appears Rhimes wants in on the streaming original action with any new ideas.
Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer at Netflix, calls Rhimes “one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television. Her work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best.” He adds that she is a “true Netflixer at heart.”
Rhimes says the move is part of a shared plan between herself and Sarandos, built on her vision for herself as a storyteller and the evolution of her company.
“Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix,” she said in a statement. “He understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation.”
Rhimes expressed her thanks to ABC for serving as a platform through which she could begin her career. “I continue to be grateful to work with so many talented people — especially our studio gladiator Patrick Moran and our most powerful and brilliant champion Channing Dungey.”
In addition to the three aforementioned shows, other titles under the Shondaland umbrella include Private Practice, a Grey's Anatomy spin-off that aired from 2007-2013, For the People, an upcoming ABC series starring Britt Robertson and Ben Rappaport, and an untitled Grey's Anatomy spinoff that will center around a group of firefighters. Not everything Rhimes has touched has turned to gold, however. Her series The Catch was canceled after just two seasons.
There's no word yet as to when we might see the first project from Shondaland on Netflix, and no financial details were disclosed.
All season long, we camped, backpacked, paddle boarded, and hiked our way through the Pacific Northwest to find the best new outdoor gear for the first annual Digital Trends Outdoor Awards. After pushing each contender to the limit, we crowned our favorite products for Cooking, Sleeping, Trekking, Recreation, Unwinding, and a special award for Innovation. And we're giving away one of every winning product, so enter our contest!
When you're camping, a tent is your literal home away from home. It keeps out the rain, sun, and bugs, and gives you a comfy place to lay your head at the end of the day. A proper tent should be easy to set up and break down, provide enough space for your crew and your gear, and do it all without weighing you down.
Modern fabrics and smarter construction have made today's sleeping gear vastly lighter and connected to your tech lifestyle — think smart tents to pair with today's smarthomes, smartphones, and smart apartments. As tentmakers continue to innovate the construction and design of their portable abodes, some have found new and inventive ways to make setup take a mere matter of minutes while others have piled tents with built-in tech. But why choose? Big Agnes makes a tent that does both with flying colors.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Winner
Big Agnes Copper Spur HV UL2 mtnGLO Tent
At just over 3 pounds, the three-season Copper Spur HV UL2 mtnGLO not only works for weight-conscious backpackers, it's also an easy-to-set-up car camping tent for those nights you roll into camp late and just want to catch some Zs. That part isn't a marketing gimmick; we were able to put the Copper Spur up in no more than four or five minutes — rain fly included.
Saving time is nice, but the literal stars here are the LED lights strung across the interior roof like a constellation. Unlike the harsh focus of a flashlight or headlamp, the LEDs softly illuminate the entire tent, providing the perfect amount of light for a late night game of poker or when you just can't find the zipper on your sleeping bag. With a control located near the entrance, turning on the lights is as easy as flicking on the lights when you enter a room. Don't worry about it bothering a neighbor, either, as the lights are hardly noticeable from outside and feature three brightness settings.
The Tech: Big Agnes built the Copper Spur from its proprietary 120mm waterproof double ripstop nylon fabric, which is capable of taking an utter beating on the trail while remaining completely breathable and lightweight. High-tenacity yarn on the fly and tent floor improve tear strength by 25 percent over last year's model, to help shrug off that pointy stick you didn't see when you were setting up. The efficient LED light strip in the roof only takes two AAA batteries and runs for hours.
Our tests hardly scratched the surface in terms of wear and tear, even though it joined us on rafting trips, weekends spent camping, and a week-long getaway on Mt. Hood. Backed by its durable ripstop nylon, the Copper Spur seems built to last, and even if you manage to break it, Big Agnes has a solid warranty that we've put to the test before with other products.
Inside, the tent features a large, mesh ceiling pocket we used for storing the next day's clothes (sometimes the current day's dirty clothes), and the smaller side pockets near where we laid our head proved perfect for stashing a smartphone. It's admittedly snug for two people, but we were able to really sprawl out camping solo. Once it was time to pack up, the tent rolled up nicely, fitting into a small companion bag that was easy to transport whether we camped right off a trail or hiked into our spot.
Big Agnes' $450 Copper Spur HV UL 2 let us spend less time fumbling with tent poles and rain flys and more time enjoying the great outdoors.
Runners-up
The North Face's Hyper Kazoo sleeping bag is down comfort done right. North Face's patented 800-fill ProDown keeps its loft even when it's wet outside, which is a quality we appreciated in the soggy Pacific Northwest. With a rating of 15 degrees Fahrenheit, the three-season Hyper Kazoo never left us wanting more insulation. Even chillier nights along Oregon's Deschutes River left us a touch too warm in the bag — thanks to its patented ThermoBaffle weave technology — though it wasn't hard to recognize its competence during the winter months. Capable of packing into its own small stuff sack, the Hyper Kazoo is a worthy backpacking companion for those who tend to sleep cold.
Lined with Patagonia's own featherweight Houdini fabric, and stuffed with absurdly fluffy 850-fill-power Traceable Down, this bag scores high in terms of warmth, comfort, and portability — even if it does tote a $500 price tag. Constructed out of Patagonia's ripstop Pertex Quantum fabric, it stayed extremely lightweight yet proved to be one of the most durable bags we tested, capable of remaining unscathed even if we slept directly on the ground. Like the Hyper Kazoo, it tended to keep us a bit too warm during Oregon's summer months, though this just means it figures to really shine once the temperature drops — it is rated at 19 degrees Fahrenheit, after all.
MSR's Access 2 had us daydreaming of setting up this four-season tent in the snowy backcountry this winter. We couldn't summon the snow for our summer testing, but the $600 Access 2 still proved easy to set up, lightweight, and surprisingly spacious. MSR's decision to limit the amount of see-through mesh made this one we enjoyed using without a rain fly, ultimately allowing for greater airflow without sacrificing privacy. MSR deserves heaps of credit for not just the Access 2's design but for its manufacturing process which allowed it to remain lighter than a mountaineering tent without forgoing the warmth found in backpacking tents — that's innovation.
Yakima's entry into the rooftop tent industry shows that this latest camping trend is hardly a fad. With the SkyRise rooftop tent series, the rack maker leaned on all of its own materials, designing and manufacturing a high-quality rooftop abode that we found incredibly easy to pitch. An included foam mattress reminded us of our bed at home, making the SkyRise a glamping experience that goes wherever your car does. At $1,350, though, it's a large investment for car campers and it's worth pointing out that it does require mostly even ground to set up properly. These crazy contraptions are all the rage these days, and Yakima's SkyRise is one of the best rooftop tents you'll find.
Videos and photography by Dan Baker/Digitaltrends
Share
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) claim North Korea is silently infiltrating the media, aerospace, financial, and critical infrastructure sectors both in and out of the United States using two known families of malware. They believe the attack has been underway since at least 2009 and conducted by a state-sponsored hacker group dubbed as Hidden Cobra.
In a joint Technical Alert issued on Wednesday, the DHL and FBI claim that Hidden Cobra is using two pieces of malware in its campaign: a remote access tool called Joanap and a Server Message Block (SMB) worm named Brambul. The goal is to infiltrate networks, maintain a presence undetected, and send all collected information back to the hacker group.
“FBI has high confidence that Hidden Cobra actors are using the IP addresses — listed in this report's IOC files — to maintain a presence on victims' networks and enable network exploitation. DHS and FBI are distributing these IP addresses and other IOCs to enable network defense and reduce exposure to any North Korean government malicious cyber activity,” the report states.
Joanap is typically the payload of another malware obtained through a compromised website or a malicious email attachment. It can establish a peer-to-peer network to create a botnet and accept commands from the hacker group.
Outside the botnet aspect, Joanap is capable of file management on a compromised Windows device, process management, the creation and deletion of directories, and node management. The Technical Alert says once Joanap infects a PC, it creates a file to capture and store information such as the host IP address, the hostname, and the current system time.
According to the report, an analysis of the infrastructure used by Joanup identified 87 compromised network nodes in 17 countries including Brazil, China, Egypt, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Sweden, and Taiwan.
Meanwhile, Brambul is a worm serving as a “dropper” malware payload obtained by compromised sites and infected files. Once executed, it will scan the local network for additional PCs and attempt to gain unauthorized access through the file-sharing feature built into Windows. This is done through brute-force password attacks using a list of embedded passwords.
If successful, Brambul will contact Hidden Cobra and relay the IP address, hostname, username, and password of each infiltrated PC. The hacker group can then remotely access the compromised PCs via the Windows file-sharing protocol (SMB) to harvest information, infect other PCs on the network, and more.
While both malware can be troublesome for the mainstream web surfer, they could devastate corporations by obtaining proprietary and/or sensitive information, disrupting regular operations, and harm their reputation. The financial losses due to eradicating the malware can be costly as well.
“DHS and FBI recommend that network administrators review the information provided, identify whether any of the provided IP addresses fall within their organizations' allocated IP address space, and—if found—take necessary measures to remove the malware,” the report states.
A downloadable copy of the indicators of compromise are available in CSV and STIX formats.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Even if numbers occasionally lie, most of them indicate the New England Patriots are in great position to hoist a sixth Lombardi Trophy.
The reasons begin in the only place they could: with Tom Brady.
Yes, at 40 years old Brady would be the oldest quarterback to win a Super Bowl if the Patriots beat the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday. He would dethrone Peyton Manning, who won at age 39 with the Denver Broncos to cap the 2015 season.
Brady has put up numbers in his 18th season unmatched by any player in NFL history. He led the league with 4,577 yards passing during the regular season and his five touchdown passes are tied for the most in the playoffs.
Brady's seven Super Bowl appearances are as many as the entire Eagles roster. He's faced a myriad of difficult scenarios in the championship game, including last year's 25-point hole the Patriots dug out of to beat the Falcons.
Brady won that one without tight end Rob Gronkowski, who will be in uniform after being cleared late this week.
Close games have been no problem , for Brady and coach Bill Belichick either. The total difference in scoring in those seven games is 12 points: Patriots 169, opponents 157.
You want to talk about comebacks? No player in the Super Bowl era has more fourth-quarter comebacks in the playoffs in his career than Brady's eight. It's probably why Brady chuckled this week when he was again asked about how long he wanted to keep playing.
“Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?” Brady said. “I don't get it. I'm having fun. The team's doing good. I know I'm a little bit older than most of the guys, but I'm really enjoying it. … I'm not thinking about retirement. I'm thinking about the Super Bowl and trying to win the most important game of the year.”
As big as the Brady factor is, he's not the only advantage New England has.
The Patriots lost go-to receiver Julian Edelman in the preseason to a knee injury and linebacker Dont'a Hightower to a season-ending shoulder injury in October. After some early-season struggles, Belichick found a way to plug the holes, with contributions from several previously unheralded players like Trey Flowers, Kyle Van Noy, Lawrence Guy and Ricky Jean Francois .
New England has also gotten a strong season from receiver Brandin Cook after acquiring him from New Orleans this off-season. He posted his third straight 1,000-yard receiving season (1,082) and was second on the team in receiving yards behind only Gronkowski (1,084). Running back Dion Lewis has also found new life just two seasons removed from a knee injury. He led the team with 896 yards rushing and six rushing touchdowns.
It's underlined the football savvy of Belichick, who with a sixth Super Bowl victory would pass Vince Lombardi and tie George Halas and Curly Lambeau for most NFL championships by a coach.
Belichick will be taking part in his 11th Super Bowl as a head coach or assistant, the most among any coach in NFL history. That amounts to 21.2 per cent of all Super Bowls in league history and 34.4 per cent of all Super Bowls since his first appearance as the Giants defensive co-ordinator in 1986.
Though there have been reports of alleged friction this season between Belichick, Brady and team owner Robert Kraft, it's clear they are on the same page when it comes to the pursuit of championships.
“It changes every year. The venues are different, the teams are different, the matchups are different, and the road the team has travelled to get here is different, as is the road your opponent has travelled,” Belichick said. “Each one is unique. Each one's special.”
——
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Follow Kyle Hightower on Twitter a http://www.twitter.com/khightower
×
101 Things All Young Adults Should Know
by Sir John Hawkins
John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters.
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks are climbing Wednesday morning, recovering most of the ground they lost the day before, as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago and energy companies are breaking out of a five-day losing streak as oil prices rise. Smaller companies are surging after they suffered only modest losses the day before.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index gained 25 points, or 1 percent, to 2,715 as of 11 a.m. Eastern time. It lost 1.2 percent Tuesday. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 209 points, or 0.9 percent, to 24,570. The Nasdaq composite added 60 points, or 0.8 percent, to 7,457. The Russell 2000 index leaped 23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,647, which put the index on pace for another record close.
The Russell fared far better than the rest of the market on Tuesday and has done better than other indexes in recent weeks. It closed at an all-time high on May 21.
ITALY IN FOCUS: Stocks in the U.S. and Europe sank Tuesday as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy, the third-largest economy in Europe, would stay in the euro. On Wednesday, premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 1.5 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent from 2.79 percent.
Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered some of their losses from the previous day. When rates rise, banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans. JPMorgan Chase gained 1.3 percent to $107.27 and Bank of America picked up 1.4 percent to $53.69. Both stocks fell about 4 percent Tuesday.
EUROPE: The euro rose to $1.1606 from $1.1531 a day earlier, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.88 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.4 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.2 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.6 percent.
EARNINGS: Wall Street continued to pore over quarterly results from retailers. Dick's Sporting Goods soared 23.9 percent to $37.78 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates. HP climbed 3 percent to $21.94. Watchmaker Movado Group rallied 15.7 percent to $48.83.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 20.7 percent to $7.92 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 12 percent to $60 following a disappointing forecast for the year. Shoe retailer DSW gave up some of its gains from earlier in the year as it lost 9.8 percent to $23.52.
ENERGY: Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 1.6 percent to $67.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 1.6 percent to $76.67 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil jumped 2.9 percent to $80.70 and Chevron rallied 2.2 percent to $124.09.
Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in the last week following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon. Those countries cut production at the start of 2017, which helped take U.S. crude from about $50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than $70 this month. They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year, but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans.
SURVEY SAYS: Payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May. That's a solid number even though it's not as many jobs as they added over the winter. ADP reported strong hiring in the construction, education and health care fields as well as professional and business services. The federal government will release a jobs report Friday that also includes hiring by government agencies.
ALL'S WELLCARE: WellCare will pay $2.5 billion to become the biggest Medicaid coverage provider in Michigan and Illinois and add a pharmacy benefits management business, following the lead of competitors like UnitedHealth and Cigna. Pharmacy benefit managers run prescription drug coverage and insurers have been building or buy them to improve how they share patient data and manage care. They're also trying to gain better control of prescription drug costs.
The stock rose 2.8 percent to $227.30.
ASIA: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Every war bears a human face, and last August the face of Syria's war became that of Omran Daqneesh – bloody cheeks, covered in debris, eyes wide with shock and his tiny slumped frame in an orange ambulance seat. It's an image that woke up the world. At just 5 years old, Omran became the symbol for civilian suffering in a war older than he is.
The young boy had just been rescued from the rubble, alongside his parents and three siblings, and was being taken to a hospital following an airstrike on his then-rebel-held neighborhood of Qaterji in Aleppo. An hour later that building collapsed. Three days later, his 10-year-old brother Ali died when a bomb struck the street he was playing in.
Today, the Bashar Assad regime has his family under lock and key, according to photojournalist and opposition activist Mahmoud Raslan, who snapped that haunting portrait of Omran.
“I lost contact with the family of Omran when we were forced out of Aleppo last year. The Assad militia had arrived and his family was guarded under house arrest where they could not be reached by the Western media,” the 29-year-old photographer – who gave up his profession as a pastry chef to document the conflict that started in early 2011 – told Fox News. “Their residence was changed and they were put under security.”
Raslan, whose claims could not be independently verified, said that his last communication with a relative of the family was in February and that this relative affirmed the family remained under house arrest. Raslan said he has not been able to reach that relative in recent weeks. The media appears not to have documented Omran's whereabouts since the ensuing days after the attack. In December, the Financial Times reported that his whereabouts was unknown.
The photographer explained simply that the Syrian president's regime does not want the family speaking out. When asked to respond to the photograph weeks later during an interview with Swiss media, President Assad asserted that it was a “forged picture and not a real one.” However, an interview with Russia Today, his wife Asma acknowledged the little boy by name and questioned why children in the Alawite village of Zara, which was assaulted by Al-Qaeda linked groups last May, were not afforded the same media attention.
Nonetheless, the sudden attention on the now iconic photograph last year also fast became fodder for theories that the anti-Assad photographer himself fraternized with terrorist factions. But Raslan, who vows that all he wants is freedom from regime oppression, takes such speculation – as well as the phony photo narrative – with a grain of salt.
“The whole world saw Omran and learned about him and his tragedy, which is not false. I am fully prepared to sit in front of Bashar Assad and call out his lies,” he said. “I was in there in Aleppo and we were bombarded by air raids. I was there with my lens and I have a full archive of footage.”
Other activists have also captured footage and photographs of the traumatized child in the ambulance that night, including the Aleppo Media Center as featured above.
The viral image of Omran ignited not only an immediate awareness of the dire situation in Syria, but was also a bump in donations for major NGOs operating in the area. Raslan said that the attention devoted to the video and photograph did not change his life and he did not get any prize for it, but it “helped the world to witness the crimes of the government.”
“I think photography sometimes stops Assad a little bit because of the intensity of the international pressure, after the world sees these massacres,” he noted.
LIFE IN WAR-TORN SYRIA: BOMB BLASTS AND NO UTILITIES, BUT COFFINS ARE FREE
SYRIA EVACUATION POSTPONED AFTER BLAST KILLS 80 KIDS
Raslan remembers that night vividly: The razed six-floor building that Omran's family once called home, the bleeding bodies, the chaos and crying as survivors swarmed to medical staff for help. But, he emphasized, Omran's condition was a “unique case” and after shooting some video, he stopped to take some stills.
“Omran was in the ambulance exhausted, very shocked at the fall of the rocket near him. When I capture many of the children, they are crying and screaming,” Raslan recalled. “But Omran was silent, which distinguished him from the rest of children that day.”
And it struck an extra chord close to home.
“When Omran was bombed, I thought of my child who was only four days old,” he continued. “I lived in Aleppo and I suffer what everyone suffers there. After that night, we were forced out of Aleppo and into a bigger disaster. I lost my home, my land, my neighborhood, my neighbors, my everything.”
But that night on the job is just one of many for Raslan to fold into memory as the 6-year civil war drags on, with little end in sight.
“I wished that the picture would have stopped the bombing,” he added. “But still, I want the world to know that there are thousands of Omrans suffering. I want the world to see all the children who are being bombed.”
Hollie McKay has been a FoxNews.com staff reporter since 2007. She has reported extensively from the Middle East on the rise and fall of terrorist groups such as ISIS in Iraq. Follow her on Twitter at @holliesmckay
“He should have been allowed to finish through the weekend,” the Florida Republican said. "If that report would've indicated wrongdoing or something that was actionable, there are things that could've been done after the fact. But, you know, 48 hours to go before retirement, I would've certainly done it differently given the fact there's still this report out there that hasn't come in.”
McCabe served as the FBI's acting director after James Comey was fired in May and before Christopher Wray took over the position.
President Donald Trump has lashed out at McCabe on Twitter numerous times over the last several months.
"Obviously he doesn't like McCabe and he's...made that pretty clear now for over a year," Rubio said.
McCabe released a searing statement saying that his firing was part of broader attempt to damage him and weaken confidence in Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
“This attack on my credibility is one part of a larger effort not just to slander me personally, but to taint the FBI, law enforcement, and intelligence professionals more generally. It is part of this Administration's ongoing war on the FBI and the efforts of the Special Counsel investigation, which continue to this day,” McCabe said.
Faculty and students discuss free speech vs. hate speech at second annual teach-in
Psychology Professor Inna Kanevsky delivers her speech about free speech vs. hate speech during the teach-in. Photo Credit: Mesa Newsroom
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The second annual teach-in made its presence in the Mesa Commons Promenade as a diverse group of faculty members spoke about their experiences and knowledge about free speech vs. hate speech. This event also encouraged students to ask questions and give their own input.
“It's been really important for us to be involved in this because we care that there is a safe and free space for you here on campus, so we're here to support that,” said staff representative Trina Larson.
The teach-in topic of “Free Speech vs. Hate Speech” was to address the question posed by the New York Times “What does freedom of expression on a college campus mean to you?” after the Berkeley Patriot, a conservative publication at UC Berkeley, organized Free Speech Week. Milo Yiannopoulos was a confirmed speaker, while other conservative speakers including Steven Bannon and Ann Coulter were expected to join, but not confirmed, causing another possible uproar and protests on the Berkeley campus.
Organizers of the teach-in thought it was just as important that colleges and universities sponsoring campus events recognized how things like the teach-in could benefit students and faculty. Various features of free speech were discussed during the teach-in, including the right to free speech in regards to the First Amendment in the Constitution, confirmation bias, free speech in sports, unintentional cyberbullying, and how free speech is conducive to critical thinking and in order to understand why others feel a certain way, we need to find out why they feel that way and not dismiss them.
“If I listen to just people like me, I become subject to something called confirmation bias. It's really easy to talk about it in others, but not always easy to see it in yourself. If you dismiss people because of how you categorize them…we don't get to change things, we just get into squabbles.” said psychology professor Inna Kanevsky.
“All of you probably have an internal mechanism, that when you hear something that is different from the experience that you've had, it can feel hateful, whether it's toward you or someone else. It might still be free speech…this is your opportunity to decide what you believe and how you believe it and how you think critically…you don't become a Republican, or an Independent, or a Libertarian, or a Democrat, you become an educated citizen of the United States.” said President of Mesa College Pam Luster.
“Free speech means hate speech. Free speech means burning the flag. There's coming a day soon when we might have to go through that again.” said geography professor Mark Trembley, who was at UC Berkeley during the free speech movement at Berkeley in 1964.
The first teach-in was in response to last year's November election, which allowed people to discuss and vent about election results. Due to the first teach-in's success, a teach-in will be held every fall for staff and students.
Transcript for Evangelist makes $54M sales pitch to followers for private jet
Just imagine the pitch from this particular pastor. Kind of get a new jet. Anybody testifies. Club chair at butternut the bank or hate that it appears there's that there is a pastor is making that pitch. All right well televangelists Jesse do practice has asked his flock to chip in for the plane which would be his fourth by the way. The price tag on the falcon seven X jet is 54. A Million dollars. Hey that's in less than he says spreading the gospel around the world isn't cheap now and then Jesus himself. Would need some. Extra travel help testify. It was Ottawa kick goal with this yes technical one stop easy pocket that would one stop. I can plot a lot cheaper because I have home field wall. That's was a blessing of the lord but this really I have to stop and that you pay those exorbitant prices but jet fuel all over the world this has paid cash. This was paid cash this was paid cash. And it knew when it will be paid cash also. I don't on the plane this belongs to the ministry. If Jesus tariffs Chicago by the way of the great the next person that's what take this measure will use that are really believe. Strategies it was physically on there today he wouldn't be rat but okay. Thing about equipment he'd be in an airplane preaching the gospel all over the world. Yet. Should you sell me. Yeah you read it and I haven't jet collided ready let's let's crowd funded. The plant this is a preacher of the prosperity gospel its premises god shows favored by rewarding its flock. With riches here on earth I went congregants hand over their money to pastors it is seen as an investment. She first had not op Ed mean he. It was good sales driving like you invest in my private plane and I'll let you rattle along every now and that's.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
England may have qualified for the World Cup following Thursday's scruffy 1-0 win over Slovenia but manager Gareth Southgate admits they have a "hell of a lot of work to do" if they are to be contenders in Russia next year.
Captain Harry Kane grabbed an injury-time winner at Wembley to secure top spot in Group F but it was another unconvincing display from Southgate's players and the former Middlesbrough boss knows they must improve over the next eight months.
"I think this team has potential, but we've got a hell of a lot of work to do," he told ITV Sport.
"They've come here on the back of what happened in the last European Championships, they've had the change of coach, they've had a lot of difficulties to deal with through the campaign.
"But we're there [at the World Cup] and now we build and we look to where we can improve all the time.
"Joe Hart [made] big saves at important times and that's where his experience has come through.
"We know where we have to do better but that's for tomorrow. Tonight, we go to the World Cup and that's fantastic."
Late goals have underpinned England's successful qualifying campaign - Kane scored a late equaliser away to Scotland in June, while Adam Lallana struck deep in stoppage-time to earn a 1-0 win in Slovakia in September 2016, which turned out to be Sam Allardyce's sole game in charge.
And Southgate believes it is no coincidence it happened again on Thursday.
Job done! Qualified for the World Cup! A really great feeling. 👌 #ThreeLions 🦁🦁🦁 pic.twitter.com/ELzNGYoq5B — Harry Kane (@HKane) October 5, 2017
"We played a team who have only conceded four goals in the competition - and you saw why," Southgate added.
"They defended resolutely, they broke the game up when they had to, they took yellow cards when they had to.
"We weren't quite as sharp as we hoped to be with the ball. But we stuck at it and it's not a coincidence if you keep scoring late goals.
"Late goals have been key and we knew they had to win. We changed formation to go two up front at the end."
Peaky Blinders opens on a slum street of Birmingham. The year is 1919. There are horses and Chinese fortune tellers, barely dressed urchins and men in suits so sharp they could take your eye out.
Advertisement
The atmosphere is febrile, smoky and crackling with nerves. It's the most distinctive-looking British drama you could conceive of, peering into an era that, until now, had slipped off history's radar, considered neither as muddy and tragic as the First World War nor as heroic and epic as the Second. Or perhaps history forgot these years on purpose.
The writer is Steven Knight – best known for Stephen Frears's 2002 film Dirty Pretty Things. “From about 1918 until 1928 in England, it was just madness. Pure hedonism,” he says. “There was a lot of cocaine, a lot of opium, a lot of dancing, a lot of nightlife.” All of which sounds like a laugh riot, but of course it had its dark side; indeed, there was hardly any silver lining.
And that's where the Peaky Blinders come in, so called for the razor blades they kept in the brims of their sinister-looking caps and hats. They were the Shelby family, the Sopranos of the post-First World War era, with a few key differences – the society the Shelbys lived in had been racked by the war, leaving profoundly damaged men strewn across every class and community; revolution was in the air, and the Government was terrified of it; and the Peaky Blinders aren't remotely fictional.
Knight explains: “The reason it came to me was that my parents grew up in Birmingham in the 20s. My mum, when she was nine years old, was a bookie's runner; they used to use kids to take bets because it was all illegal. My dad's uncle was part of the Peaky Blinders. It was reluctantly delivered, but my family did give me little snapshots, of gypsies and horses and gang fights and guns, and immaculate suits.
One of the first stories that inspired me was of my dad when he was a little kid, sent to deliver a message. There was a table, covered in money and guns, surrounded by blokes, beautifully dressed, drinking beer from jam jars. You didn't buy glasses. You only spent money on clothes.”
This atmosphere is captured wonderfully in Peaky Blinders. The gang's control in Birmingham has a Wild West quality, where the violence is instrumental and strategic, never savage or incidental, and the rules of society are being broken and remade in front of you.
But their lives are burdened by far more than the pressures of self-interest. The casualties of the First World War are everywhere: men who had survived the bullets, but would go to their graves before post-traumatic stress was recognised. The authorities were no good to these shell-shocked men: if anyone was going to watch over them, it would have been men like the Peaky Blinders.
The war and its aftermath are dealt with in an original and oblique way, as a hangover that nobody would acknowledge, but everybody had. Knight says that a load of clichés dominate how this interwar period is played out in drama: “We tiptoe towards things because we're afraid of being seen to be glamorising or mythologising anything. If it's post-First World War, it's all officers shooting themselves. Or it's flappers, being done in the way flappers have always been done. But why would they behave like that? It was only a couple of years before then that you couldn't show an ankle, and suddenly they were in really short skirts. Why? Because they didn't give a damn.”
As grim as the period must have been, from the distance of decades this is a transfixing time, decadent and bacchanalian, traumatised and anti-authoritarian, deeply political, desperate for things to be different, but petrified of change. “I think there was a loss of faith in technology: before the war, there was this belief that every new discovery meant more progress.
Then nations just took all they'd learnt and used it to destroy each other,” says Knight. “The idea of the King's authority became a joke, for a while, because people in power had been sending 60,000 men to their deaths every morning and the blokes knew it was pointless. They'd get the order [to go over the top], and think, ‘No, you've made a mistake, there are machine guns, and we're going to get killed.'”
Alongside that anarchic hatred of authority there was a real hunger for change, a genuine Communist movement, and the authorities were terrified. One always forgets that this could ever have been a feature of the landscape, here – that a government could ever believe in the people being revolutionary, or that anybody could ever have that appetite for upheaval. But the threat was both real and perceived. A policeman's strike in 1919 lent ballast to the idea that the old world order had no defenders left. I always think of the persecution of Communists as an American disease, a short-lived, collective madness. But it's wrong to think Britain didn't suffer this paranoia.
“Men were arrested for sedition and sentenced to six years for speaking in public about Communism,” says Knight.
“They were taken away and beaten up. I remember my dad saying a bloke would stand up and talk about the Russian Revolution and they'd grab him, put him in a van and you wouldn't see him again. You think, that's not what it says in the books. But when you do research, get papers from the period, you realise this is what happened. It's a secret history.”
Predictably, with a paranoid government and the impossibility of telling a revolutionary from a malcontent, life became very restrictive, close to a police state. Knight's vivid memory is of his grandfather. “He was wounded in the Somme, so he had a bullet in his shoulder his whole life. I remember my dad telling me that in 1926 he opened his door and there were British soldiers stationed there, pointing machine guns at his front door. And he'd just given everything to his country. These were people just like us, you know. They were no different to us, inside.”
Part of the drama's magnetism lies in its dialogue: precisely observed, but very informal, which underlines how little people have changed. “What amuses me, and horrifies me, in English period drama is that people always write in a certain way: will not, can not, do not. Everybody speaks in this very formal, written- down way and it affects how characters are. This is a period drama where people speak normally. You go into the past, but you let people speak. And if you break that door down, you realise that people are just like us.”
I'll resist describing the plot, partly for fear of spoilers, but also because, like all the best dramas, when you list the events, it does nothing like justice to the world they create. There's a huge amount going on, and the circumstances are extreme – men driven mad, men driven into the arms of opium, alcohol, politics, thuggery, anywhere but back to pre-war normality.
That was nothing, compared with the women. In this series, femininity is expressed by Aunt Polly, matriarch of the Shelby family and magisterially played by Helen McCrory. She's the power and the brains of the generation. You'd watch it just for her and to listen to her smoky Birmingham accent, like a sinister lullaby.
“Cocaine became a huge thing, for women. They just wanted to escape. And I guess that's what stopped it becoming a revolution,” says Knight. “It was totally self-destructive and very sexual. If you read the Daily Mail from those days, the big scandal was about nightclubs, everybody having cocaine from these blue bottles. Everybody was having sex with everybody else, there were threesomes, orgies… People thought England was going to hell. Then it stopped, in about 1928. I suppose people recovered.”
During this hiatus of propriety, of rules, lives were ruined. “A policeman's main job, one of the tasks that took up his day, was collecting babies as he went on his foot patrol, babies that had been born and abandoned.”
Advertisement
But fortunes were made as well, and we meet the Peaky Blinkers on the up, able to take on everything, from the most vicious police brutality to the rival gangs and the Black and Tans. Only a state of semi-anarchy could suit this family; and only this family's scramble for supremacy, brought so brilliantly alive, could animate this anarchic era that we've almost forgotten.
CLEVELAND — Jason Kipnis, a two-time All-Star second baseman and the heartbeat of the Cleveland Indians, has rarely met a challenge he would not take or a conversation he could not dominate.
Which explains his long-running dialogue with the Indians' outfielders.
“I tell all my teammates out there I was still the best centre fielder we've had the last six years,” Kipnis said. “If they ever dropped a ball out there, I'd make fun of them.”
While Kipnis' haranguing has been met with eye rolls and reminders that the Indians moved him out of centre field in rookie ball in 2009 for a reason, it is no longer a laughing matter.
When the Indians' rookie centre fielder, Bradley Zimmer, broke his hand last month, the team moved Kipnis back to centre field and he started there Thursday night in the opener of the American League Division Series against the New York Yankees.
“Now, I have to back it up,” Kipnis said.
He quickly did, making a full-length diving catch of Chase Headley's drive to left-centre field in the top of the third inning. It was as if he had been playing in centre for years.
The Indians are counting on a quick adjustment in a way that a World Series contender has not since perhaps 1968, when the Detroit Tigers moved centre fielder Mickey Stanley to shortstop just before the start of the Series. The Tigers needed a way to get Hall of Famer Al Kaline's bat back in the lineup after he returned from a broken arm. Stanley, who replaced the light-hitting Ray Tyler at short, committed two errors but neither led to a run and the Tigers beat the St. Louis Cardinals in seven games.
After helping the Indians to the brink of a championship last season, Kipnis has had a jagged 2017 campaign, as he went on the disabled list three times with shoulder and hamstring problems.
But he spent the last half of September and the beginning of October trying to regain his hitting stroke and refresh himself with a once-familiar position. In all, Kipnis, who is likely to be replaced in late innings for defence if the Indians are ahead, played 11 games in centre field before the season ended and handled 14 chances without an error.
Is it like riding a bike?
“The bicycle needed some WD-40 and maybe some new tires in the beginning, but right now it's come back to me,” Kipnis said. “I'm happy with it. I'm starting to feel confident in my legs to go get the ball and really my job is to keep it in front of me, catch what I can and get it in as fast as possible, and I think I'm going to be able to do that.”
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said his team would look to take advantage of Kipnis' inexperience — and test his arm. But the Indians' plan is not born completely of desperation: Their 22-game winning streak began just after Kipnis had begun one of his stints on the disabled list, and the All-Star Jose Ramirez shifted from third to second while two young defensive wizards — Giovanny Urshela and Erik Gonzalez — took over at third.
In addition, because Indians pitchers lead the majors in strikeouts and were eighth in ground-ball rate, their outfielders had the third-fewest chances in baseball this season.
So, when Zimmer, a promising rookie, was injured on Sept. 11, manager Terry Francona sounded out Kipnis about the switch.
“We're in the middle of a 22-game win streak, so who am I to say, ‘No, go back to the way things were?'” Kipnis said.
The enthusiasm that Kipnis has poured into his outfield re-education was present in the softball-size grass stain on his pants after spending two rotations during Wednesday's practice attacking fly balls. He is also not shy about asking for feedback or advice from his teammates on playing outfield contours.
“His attitude, the way he's embraced it, was great,” said bench coach Brad Mills, who began working with Kipnis while he was still on the disabled list. “That's probably the biggest thing because when a guy has the athleticism that he does, you really need to buy in and he did.”
This comes as little surprise to Pat Murphy, Kipnis' coach at Arizona State.
When Kipnis was booted from Kentucky for violating team rules after his second year, he met with Murphy. “Right away, I said, ‘Do you want to play here or not?'” Murphy, now the Milwaukee Brewers' bench coach, said in a phone interview. “I don't care what happened at Kentucky, but you don't get any more strikes.”
Kipnis also did not get much scholarship money, only enough to cover books.
Murphy, sensing a competitive streak in Kipnis, placed him in a batting-practice group with two future first-round picks — Ike Davis and Brett Wallace. Soon, Kipnis was stinging the ball like they were.
Kipnis, who was undrafted out of high school, was taken in the fourth round by the San Diego Padres after his first season at Arizona State. He thought he should have been a first-round pick, so he returned for his senior year and helped Arizona State to third place in the College World Series.
When his team was playing at Oregon State, Murphy set up an early morning workout for Indians scouts, who had been intently following Kipnis, so they could see him at second base.
Murphy said Kipnis, who had resisted the position switch the previous summer in the Cape Cod League, was not thrilled with the idea. If the Indians wanted him, he told Murphy, they should draft him as a centre fielder – something they did end up doing in the second round.
But the next fall, when the Indians moved him to second base in the instructional league, the idea no longer seemed unpalatable.
“I can be comfortable in centre field in Double A or I can be uncomfortable at second base in the big leagues,” Kipnis said. “I think that's the way I looked at it and I'd always rather be in the big leagues. They said second base was my fastest ticket up, so I took it.”
Still, though his career blossomed in the infield, the centre fielder in Kipnis never died. And now, as the Indians chase their first title since 1948, Kipnis is back where he once wanted to be, stationed in a place he can roam. And so far, he looks pretty impressive there.
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis warned on Monday that an attack by North Korea against the United States could quickly escalate into war, AFP reported.
"If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly," Mattis was quoted as having told Pentagon reporters.
Pharmaceutical Autoclaves Market Top Manufacturers by 2023: Shinva, Getinge, Fedegari Srl., Belimed and Steris – Technical Progress
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - More than 6,000 New Albany residents are without power after a substation failure Wednesday night.
A Duke spokesperson confirmed that a substation suffered some sort of damage which led to its failure and the power outage shortly after 8 p.m.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
Duke representatives said they are working to restore and reroute power.
The affected area is near East 8th Street and Highway 62.
The cause of the substation failure is currently unknown.
Please refresh this WAVE3.com page for updates to this developing story as new information becomes available.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
After Brooks Lennon completed Real Salt Lake's late comeback with an 88th-minute match-winner, neither a handshake nor a high-five sufficed to show coach Mike Petke's gratitude to the young winger.
Check out the moment Petke congratulated Lennon – surprising him during a postmatch interview – after Real's 2-1 victory over the Colorado Rapids on Saturday:
Police say it appened near Lisman Mount Myria Road, which is near the intersection of KY-270 and KY-874 (WFIE)
A 23-year-old man has been arrested after police were called to a rural area in Webster County late Monday evening.
Around 10 p.m. Monday, Webster County deputies were notified of a stabbing that happened along Lisman Mount Myria Road where two men met. This is near the intersection of KY-270 and KY-874.
KSP: 26-year-old George Burchett is dead after police say he was stabbed multiple times by 23-year-old Christopher Johnston. He's charged with murder. This is along Lisman Mount Myria Rd in Webster County. Investigators do not believe anyone else was involved in the crime. pic.twitter.com/z8zkl9p3vV — Evan Gorman (@Evan14news) July 3, 2018
Based on their initial investigation, KSP thinks George Burchett, 26-years-old, of Sebree, Kentucky, was stabbed multiple times.
Burchett was pronounced dead at the scene of the incident.
Christopher Johnston, 23-years-old, of Dawson Springs, was arrested for murder by authorities and taken to the Webster County Jail.
Sources tell 14 News the two men were working at Dotiki Mine and the fight was centered around a relationship.
"I understand people have stress points, but if they could just take a step back and take a breather, you know, and not wreck lives, it's just so unfortunate, because it's just not those two, it's their families," neighbor Tina Willis said.
The investigation was turned over to KSP, but investigators tell us they do not believe anyone else was involved.
Copyright 2018 WFIE. All rights reserved.
23:10 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Netanyahu's questioning ends Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu's questioning by investigators from the National Fraud Investigation Unit ended a short time ago. Netanyahu, who is suspected of receiving favors in the form of gifts, was questioned for three hours.
► ◄ Last Briefs
A Barrie teen hasn't been seen since late Tuesday night. Barrie Police need help in finding 13-year-old Cameron Abernathy, last seen in the Big Bay Point Rd. and Yonge St. area of Barrie around 11:30 Tuesday evening. Cameron is described as:
Male, white
5'8″, 140lbs
Thin build
Brown hair in braids
Wearing a blue Adidas jacket, gold jewelry, blue jeans, white shoes and a black pack
Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Sergeant D Moore of the Barrie Police Criminal Investigative Division at (705) 725-7025 ext. 2765. Any information can be provided anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS or leave an anonymous tip online at www.p3tips.com
Even though Nike(NYSE: NKE) crushed Wall Street earnings estimates in the most recent quarter, the market wasn't happy and sent its stock tanking after the release. A few weeks later, the stock still can't seem to catch much of a break, as analysts have been calling the earnings “low quality” and questioning the brand's future growth potential amid slowing sales.
Continue Reading Below
Here's why the market wasn't happy with Nike's growing earnings, and what long-term investors should be watching now.
Why analysts are calling Nike's earnings growth “low quality”
For the fiscal third quarter, whose results were released in late March, Nike put up sales growth of just 5% year over, yet the company's earnings surged — earnings per share grew 24% over Q3 2016. Compare those earnings with rivals such asUnder Armour (NYSE: UAA)(NYSE: UA) and lululemon athletica (NASDAQ: LULU).
Period Sales Growth (YOY) Earnings Per Share Growth (YOY) Gross Margin, Year-Ago Period Nike, Q3 5% 24% 44.5% 45.9% Nike, past 9 months 6% 14% 44.8% 46.3% Under Armour, most recent quarter 12% -4% 44.8% 48% lululemon athletica,most recent quarter 12% 17% 54.2% 50.3%
Data sources: Nike, Under Armour, and lululemon athletica‘s most recent earnings releases. YOY = year over year.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
How can Nike have such a wide gap between sales growth and earnings growth? The company does seem to be doing a good job of controlling its operational costs, and it also deployed capital to buy back shares over the past year. However, much of the benefit came from an even lower tax rate than usual. For the quarter, Nike paid an effective tax rate of just13.8%, compared with 16.3% in the same quarter last year. The decrease was due in part to a higher mix of total sales from foreign markets where its tax liability is generally low, as well as a “reduction in tax reserves,” as Nike CFO Andy Campion said during the earnings call.
Since earnings growth wasn't due to sales growth, but due to taxes and cost-cutting that probably can't continue to boost earnings growth forever, analysts called the earnings beat “low quality,” and focused their attention on declining gross margins.
The athletes chosen by Nike in its quest to help someone break a two-hour marathon for the first time ever. Image source: Nike.
Can Nike turn it around?
Nike probably can't continue to drive its effective tax rate much lower, and even if it can continue to cut costs and buy back its own stock to increase earnings per share, that's not an effective long-term growth strategy. Instead, the market is going to want to see signs that the company can reignite sales growth so that its earnings will continue to grow but become “high quality” once more.
So what is the company doing to boost sales? Nike will certainly be focused on continuing to drive higher international revenue. Though it already gets more than half of its sales from international markets, the company is looking to fuel those markets with an increased focus on serving the needs of athletes in China, Western Europe, and other growth regions.
With such a large portion of international sales, Nike has been hurt by the strong dollar, but if that cycle shifts, as currency fluctuations tend to eventually do, Nike will certainly benefit. In the recent quarter, while reported sales grew just 5%, sales adjusted for currency fluctuations during the year grew 7%, year over year. In China and emerging markets, that adjusted sales growth was 15% and 13%, respectively, over the prior-year quarter.
Nike's new Vapormax. Image source: Nike.
What to watch for in fiscal 2018
While international expansion should continue to help, the most important thing to watch in the quarter and year ahead is Nike's ability to raise average selling prices, which would grow revenue and gross margin together. Nike has suffered with too much inventory and the need for discounting to clear it out of overstuffed channels. Management has worked to decrease that excess inventory over the past few quarters, and it seems to be working, as inventories rose 7% during the quarter, in part to because of higher average cost and also to support direct-to-consumer channels, but with total wholesale inventory units down 3% — exactly where the company wants to be to (hopefully) increase total sales and gross margin going forward.
Management announced recently that it plans to cut 25% of Nike's styles as part of a program called “Edit-to-amplify,” focusing instead on the 75% of products that make up 99% of sales. The company is also advancing its manufacturing capabilities to get product to market faster which should help reduce the need for long lead times on new styles or features, and getting stuck with inventory that goes out of fashion or misses a specific season. These initiatives should help gross margin both short and long term.
Of course, Nike's best chance for long-term gains is to continue innovating, and to grow its total market share by producing top-notch gear that delivers on what athletes and athleisure wearers worldwide are looking for. That's certainly a harder thing to quantify, but investors should have confidence in Nike's track record of doing so. Nike will undoubtedly continue to face growth pressure in the quarters and years to come, but as international sales continue to outpace North America's sluggish growth and average selling prices go up — Nike could start posting higher-quality earnings that please the market going forward.
10 stocks we like better than Nike
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Nike wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Seth McNew owns shares of Nike, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Lululemon Athletica, Nike, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: kasapafmonline.com
2017-08-14
Security Analyst, Irbard Ibrahim
A Security Analyst, Irbard Ibrahim, says despite a terrorist attack on neighbouring Burkina Faso, Sunday, Ghana still remains a peaceful place to live, urging the public to stay calm and go about their normal duties.
In allaying the fears of Ghanaians, the security expert said terrorists that have launched attacks on neighbouring Francophone countries do not have the motivation to do same on Ghana, stressing that the former Gold Coast's foreign policy does not have room to encourage such reprisal attacks.
He said Ghana's foreign policy over the years has been clear with its relationship with the United Nations; to contribute soldiers to peacekeeping operations and not to join any other country to fight any militant group or whatsoever.
This, he noted, has been the key factor to demotivate the terrorists from launching reprisal attacks on the West African nation.
“All the attacks boil down to foreign policy decision. If your foreign policy is like that of Ghana and your military travels outside your country, they go there for peacekeeping purposes. They don't go to fight any militant group. Most of the Anglophone countries are safe. The Gambia, Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Ghana are not part of the targets of these militants. What is happening in Nigeria with regards to Boko Haram is an internal issue. But that in the Francophone countries were created by France. France has got that mentality that once I am your former colonial masters, whatever I do, you have to follow or support it, and that is causing all the chaos in those neighbouring countries,” he noted when interacting with Fiifi Banson on Anopa Kasapa on Kasapa 102.5 FM on Monday.
Irbard was responding to Sunday's terror attack in the centre of the capital of Burkina Faso, Ouagadougou where twenty people have been reported dead and a number wounded, and its effects on Ghana.
Responding to a question as to whether happenings in Burkina Faso should be a concern to Ghana, he responded in the affirmative, noting that helicopter hovering on and around the borders Ghana and Burkina Faso as well as others for surveillance purposes will not be a bad idea.
Nevertheless, he called for calm in Ghana and urged the public not to panic but rather go about their normal duties since the West African nation is not on the radar of any terrorist or militant group.
“I take solace in the fact that in terms of our foreign policy if Ghana is not attacked, it is not because our security consciousness is special and different from others. It is because there is no motivation for them (terrorists) to attack us. So, let's not create that motivation for them to attack us. What I anticipate is for us to beef up security at our border posts and I will entreat everybody not to panic. People should go about their normal duties because nobody is going to attack us.”
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — A plan to tear down a small mobile home park for a new housing development in Mississauga, Ont., has the small community of over 200 homes wondering where they'll have to move and has seniors wondering how they'll be able to afford a new house on their fixed income.
The Peel regional municipality voted last week to dismantle the mobile home park and replace it with a new housing development of town homes and apartment buildings, a move that will quadruple the area's density.
Peel region says residents of Twin Pines Mobile Home Park will each get $31,000 in compensation for their land, with an option to rent or buy at the new housing development that will replace the park.
Marlyn Addai, president of the park's board of directors, says the compensation isn't enough for many of the people who live in the park, many of whom are still paying off mortgages on their mobile homes and live on a fixed income.
“It's very very hard to now know that your home is going to be demolished,” said Addai, who has lived in her 1,000 square foot mobile home since 2001.
“Two-thirds of people here are on pensions and they cant get a new mortgage, and 40 per cent of them still have mortgages, so once your home is gone, what are you going to do – declare bankruptcy?”
Dan Labrecque, general manager of Peel Living, which has owned the park since 1996, says the development is necessary because the park's outdated infrastructure would cost too much to maintain.
Peel Living, the housing branch of the regional municipality, took ownership of the park after the original owner decided to sell it in 1996. Residents of Twin Pines raised $1 million, which Peel Living used as a loan to lease the park for 20 years.
Labrecque says municipal officials were up front about their ability to fully redevelop the park after the lease was up, and said the region's only realistic option is to tear it down and develop a new community.
“It was found totally unfeasible to (leave the park as it was). The infrastructure was at the end of its life, and the park has to be emptied, gutted and rebuilt,” said Labrecque, who said the cost of repairs alone would be between $7 million and $10 million if they kept the trailer park as it is.
“Their preference would be for us to replace the park with something that looks exactly the way it does, but that's just not reasonable or viable.”
Addai says there was correspondence between the region and the park's residence in which the region assured residents that Twin Pines could stay as it was even after the lease was finished.
She also added the cost to repair the park's infrastructure shouldn't have been so high because the money that residents raised for the region should have been used to maintain the park over the past 20 years.
While many of the park's residents are unhappy about being forced out of the homes that they planned to settle down in for the rest of their life, they now believe it's inevitable that they'll have to go.
Addai added Peel region is only paying for the land and not the mobile homes themselves, but Labrecque said it's unreasonable for the region to buy over 200 mobile homes that they have no place to keep.
Instead, Labrecque says Peel region will handle all costs associated with transporting and demolishing the mobile homes if the residents choose to abandon them.
After the region's vote last week, Peel Living will now start to formally plan the specifics of the new development project that will take place in the following years.
Residents have not yet been served eviction notices, but say they expect that development will start within the next couple years.
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) — The dramatic final rounds of the Scripps National Spelling Bee are set to begin.
Forty-one spellers advanced to Thursday's finals out of a field of 516 — by far the largest in the 93-year history of the competition. Scripps started a wild-card program this year that created a path to nationals for spellers who didn't win their regional bees, and some of the finalists got to the bee that way.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American, and that trend could easily continue. Most of the consensus favorites in this year's bee have Indian heritage.
TORONTO — The Roughriders are ranked last overall in rushing, but Toronto defensive back says he Jermaine Gabriel expects the ground game to be a key element of Saskatchewan's offensive attack Saturday.
The Argonauts (7-7) host Saskatchewan (7-6) at BMO Field looking for a fourth straight win.
Trent Richardson, a former first-round pick of the NFL's Cleveland Browns, will make his CFL debut with a Saskatchewan team averaging a league-low 69.8 yards rushing per game.
Toronto is ranked third against the run (86.4 yards per game) but has allowed over 120 yards rushing in its last two contests.
Saskatchewan also ran for 110 yards in its 38-27 home win over Toronto earlier this season and comes in having won its last two road games.
Tens of millions of Americans have to file federal tax returns, and many of them expect to get refunds from the IRS. Yet in all but a small handful of states, taxpayers also have to file returns with state tax authorities. State tax refunds can add to your total haul at tax time, but the rules governing when you'll actually receive those state tax refunds can vary greatly from state to state. Below, we'll take a look at why you might get a state tax refund and what timing you can expect once you do file.
Continue Reading Below
Image source: Getty Images.
Why you might get a state tax refund
In general, states that have income taxes generally get the bulk of their tax revenue through withholding from workers' paychecks. Just as you'll see with federal taxes, most employers have to withhold money toward your state income tax liability. Although you have the ability to modify your withholding in order to match it more precisely to your actual tax liability, most workers leave the default rules alone, and that can often result in a refund.
The other situation in which a refund is likely is if you have tax benefits that aren't related to your job. For instance, some states have their own versions of federal tax breaks like the earned income credit, child and dependent care credit, or educational credits. Since your withholding at work typically can't account for that, you'll usually have too much money withheld once you claim that credit, resulting in a refund.
When will you get your refund from the state?
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Different states have different guidelines when it comes to how quickly you can expect a refund. However, there are some general rules that you can count on wherever you live. In general, using electronic filing results in a much faster refund than if you use paper filing. As a result, it almost always makes sense to use e-filing whenever it's available. Moreover, if you're already planning to file electronically for your federal return, some tax packages allow you to make a state filing electronically at no additional charge.
Below, we'll look at some of the most populous states to give you a sense of how long it typically takes to get a refund there.
In California, the Franchise Tax Board advises taxpayers that it typically takes between seven and 12 business days to get a refund if you file electronically. For those who file paper returns, you'll typically have to wait two to three months from the date you mail your return in order to receive your refund. To check on the status of your refund, you can go to this California tax website and click on the Check Refund button.
In New York State, expectations are a little closer together regardless of whether you file electronically or by paper. E-filed returns typically get refunds back to you within three weeks if you use direct deposit, with paper returns typically taking about six weeks. The New York Department of Taxation and Finance says that you can expect paper checks to take an additional week if you don't use direct deposit. The New York tax website offers a way to check your refund status — just click on the Check Refund Status button to begin.
Illinois didn't start sending out refunds until March 1 during its most recent tax season. Once it did, those who had already e-filed their returns were told to expect to get refunds within two to three weeks. This Illinois tax website has answers to frequently asked questions, including a link to the Where's My Refund tool to track your own personal refund.
Don't bank on any one date
Finally, it's essential not to rely on your refund coming at any particular time. Numerous problems can arise to throw off a predicted refund schedule, including errors on your return or issues in getting it processed. Again, electronically filed returns tend to be more accurate and process more easily than paper returns, but even with e-filing, there's no guarantee that your refund will be in your account on any particular day.
If you're expecting a state tax refund, look at your own state's tax agency website to get details on how quickly it believes it will be able to process refunds. That way, you'll know what timeframe is likely and be able to inquire further if your refund is late.
The $15,834 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $15,834 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
On the eve of the 2018 Super Bowl, the NFL is getting into bed, big time, with Sleep Number. The smart bed manufacturer and the league announced a multi-year partnership that will include a free Sleep Number 360 smart bed for every single NFL player. Sleep Number will also work closely with players, teams, and trainers as they integrate sleep awareness into their overall performance regimens.
“We are constantly assessing world-class technologies and partners and know this unprecedented partnership will provide players the ability to improve their performance through individualized, smarter sleep,” NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said in a statement. “We're offering Sleep Number's revolutionary technology to maximize the body's most basic need for renewal — sleep — to improve the well-being of our players and coaches.”
The Sleep Number 360 smart bed is one of the company's most advanced models, integrating its proprietary SleepX technology platform which will analyze players' biometrics to generate an analysis called a Sleep IQ. Sleep Number unveiled the new model at CES 2018. The bed's many features include automatically adjusting the user's sleep position to aid comfort, detecting snoring and elevating your head to stop it, and it has foot warmers.
The partnership will also leverage Sleep Number's expertise in the field of sleep on overall health and performance, while also generating immense amounts of data for the company's comprehensive sleep data insights.
Sleep can be an undervalued factor in the lives of everyday people, let along professional athletes. While sleeping, the body produces growth hormone to augment muscle growth and recovery. Athletes are also organically wired to overcome the unexpected during a game; quality sleep improves alertness and reaction time to rapid changes in an athlete's surroundings. A sleep-deprived body also seeks to conserve energy; for athletes, this can lead to overtraining because they may try to overcompensate for that lost energy.
“Good sleep I think really compounds throughout the season,” said Minnesota Vikings safety Harrison Smith. “It is such a long season, a very physical game, so any chance we get to recover, we have to take advantage of it. If you can stack days, stack weeks of getting good rest, it really pays off toward the end of the season as well.”
“We're excited to make a difference for these world-class athletes as they benefit from our SleepIQ technology and the effortless adjustability of our beds,” Shelly Ibach, Sleep Number president and chief executive officer, said in a statement. “We are thrilled to be entering a long-term partnership with a performance-based organization like the NFL. Our partnership builds on the deep relationship we've established with the Minnesota Vikings and the Dallas Cowboys, who understand the connection between sleep, training, and performance.”
In a July letter to the editor of The Express Times, I stated: "The inconvenient interpretation of the Second Amendment relating to assault rifles is simple: A law-abiding citizen can buy a semi-automatic assault rifle and then use it to kill as many people as possible, including children, because criminal laws only apply after the weapon is used."
Amending the Constitution will never happen. In 2013, Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduced a bill to ban assault weapons, including a ban on the sale and use of "bump stocks," which President Obama supported. It failed by a vote of 40-60.
It may be appropriate to ask those remaining senators who voted"no" on that bill how they feel about that vote now? Had that bill been passed four years ago, it could have mitigated the extreme loss of life and injury in Las Vegas. The shooter purchased a dozen bump stocks and used them to make his semi-automatic rifles virtually fully automatic (for killing purposes).
It also seems appropriate to vote these people out of office at the earliest opportunity, regardless of their party affiliation, because 100 senators should have had the basic common sense and foresight that Feinstein and 39 others had.
Ron Pizarie
East Allen Township
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is overstating progress against the opioid epidemic, claiming “the numbers are way down” despite an increase of opioid-related deaths and overdoses in his first year in office.
A look at his comments during a political rally in Nashville on Tuesday night:
TRUMP: “We got $6 billion for opioid and getting rid of that scourge that's taking over our country. And the numbers are way down. We're getting the word out — bad. Bad stuff. You go to the hospital, you have a broken arm, you come out, you're a drug addict with this crap. It's way down. We're doing a good job with it. But we got $6 billion to help us with opioid.”
THE FACTS: Opioid prescriptions are down; deaths and other indicators of the epidemic are up, according to the latest statistics, from 2017. And those developments have nothing to do with the $6 billion approved by Congress because that money is for this year and next.
Trump didn't specify what numbers he was talking about. But according to data released in April, prescriptions for opioid painkillers filled in the U.S. fell almost 9 per cent last year, the largest drop in 25 years. The total dosage of opioid prescriptions filled in 2017 declined by 12 per cent because more prescriptions were for a shorter duration, fewer new patients started on them and high-dose prescriptions dropped. The numbers are from health data firm IQVIA's Institute for Human Data Science.
But legal prescriptions are only one front of the epidemic.
Drug overdose deaths involving opioids rose to about 46,000 for the 12-month period ended October 2017, up about 15 per cent from October 2016, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The numbers are preliminary because of continuing cause-of-death investigations later in the reporting period. They could go higher.
Other measures from the CDC also point to increasing severity of the problem last year.
For example, emergency department visits for overdoses of opioids — prescription pain medications, heroin and illicitly manufactured fentanyl — rose 30 per cent in the U.S. from July 2016 to September 2017. Overdoses shot up 70 per cent in the Midwest in that time while increasing by 54 per cent in large cities in 16 states.
“Getting rid of that scourge” is the intent but the numbers don't show it fading.
——
Associated Press writers Mike Stobbe in New York and Carla K. Johnson in Seattle contributed to this report.
——
https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/drug-overdose-data.htm
https://www.cdc.gov/vitalsigns/opioid-overdoses/
——
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR'S NOTE — A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
Did you hear the one about the hugely successful Hollywood producer who subjected himself to the uncertainties and meager pay of stand-up comedy?
No punchline follows for Judd Apatow, just the chance to reconnect with a youthful dream of excelling at one of entertainment's riskiest ventures: Revealing yourself to an audience and praying for laughs, not flop sweat. The result is "Judd Apatow: The Return," a Netflix special debuting Tuesday in which Apatow seeks to prove his chops as a comedian.
"When I was a kid, stand-up was all I wanted to do. Everything else was a weird offshoot of my desire to do stand-up," he said. A growing demand for his comedy writing services got in the way, along with a frank self-evaluation.
"I thought there were people who seemed much better at it (stand-up) than me, and I didn't want to be in the middle of the pack," he said. "I was able to write jokes for Roseanne, for Jim Carrey, and I noticed they performed them better than me."
Instead, he joined his writing skills with directing and producing, racking up impressive credits on TV ("The Larry Sanders Show," ''Freaks and Geeks") and on the big screen with movies ("The 40-Year-Old Virgin," ''Knocked Up") that defined the turn-of-the century's ribald comedy zeitgeist. In middle age, he's gained the confidence and, of course, the clout to show what he can do onstage.
"I'm now older, I have stories to tell and more opinions. And it's fun to do when I don't need it to pay more rent," Apatow said. "You don't get paid when you do stand-up."
In the special, the comfortably low-key Apatow cracks wise about marriage, fatherhood and mortality. The comic patter usually hits its targets — which include sexual misconduct, although the show was taped last summer before the Harvey Weinstein scandal and its immense fallout. It's Bill Cosby in the TV hot seat, but Apatow has already proven a vocal critic of the new crop of the accused.
Another, less-fraught theme: How technology is changing child-rearing so fast that parents are scrambling to figure out whether it's healthy for youngsters to spend much of their lives online. "We're all in a wide-eyed panic because there's no information about whether this is helpful and potentially essential for the modern kid or making them unable to read a book," he said.
His daughters, Maude, who is 20 this month, and Iris, 15, were sanguine about giving Apatow some of the material that he's been honing in club appearances.
"They've come and seen me perform over the last two years, so they know all the jokes. ... Iris will always point out that I say the same thing every time. I then say, 'Taylor Swift sings the same songs every time. What do you think we do, write a new act every night?'"
He offered to let his offspring preview the Netflix special and veto anything that made them uncomfortable. "They both said, 'I don't need to see it,'" he said, adding in a knowing dad voice: "Which was not trust, but lack of interest."
The family provides more than fodder for jokes. Leslie Mann, his actress-wife, was a catalyst for how he approaches his work, including collaborations with bold female voices Lena Dunham ("Girls") and Amy Schumer ("Trainwreck").
"My wife is a very talented and strong woman who taught me early on that there's something unfair happening in our business," Apatow said. "She read a stack of scripts and almost every one of them was about men, and all the female parts were getting guys from A to B."
His creative decisions are based on talent, not gender, said Apatow (who has made a point of condemning entertainment industry sexual misconduct).
"I rarely think about whether it's a man or a woman. I love people who have a great story to tell," he said.
Apatow is behind the scenes on a fictional series about the comedy world, star-creator Pete Holmes' "Crashing," which returns for a new season on HBO in January. He's also got a documentary about musical duo Scott and Seth Avett coming next month on HBO, "May It Last: A Portrait of the Avett Brothers."
As Apatow sees it, stand-up bolsters his other work.
"There's something very enjoyable about having an idea in the morning, trying it out that evening and having the direct conversation with the audience. It's really all I ever wanted to do, and I think it makes my writing for film and television better," he said.
———
Lynn Elber can be reached at lelber@ap.org and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/lynnelber .
TEMPE, Ariz. — The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe (all times local):
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is “fully co-operating” with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Had hurricanes Harvey and Irma not hit, September would likely have produced a jobs gain of around 190,000, experts said Friday after a dismal employment report that saw figures dip into negative territory for the first time in seven years.
The 33,000 jobs lost in September — in contrast to a gain of 90,000 expected by economists — are the direct result of Hurricane Harvey sweeping through the heart of Texas's Gulf Coast oil industry and flooding Houston, and Hurricane Irma barreling north through Florida on a hard-to-predict course that prompted large-scale evacuations.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed US lost 33,000 jobs in September: jobs report 1:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Department of Labor says more than 11 million workers live in the affected areas, representing nearly 8 percent of the country's jobs. Restaurants, which had been adding an average of 24,000 jobs per month, lost 105,000 in September.
“We knew that the hurricanes were going to affect non-farm payrolls to a certain extent,” said Dan North, chief economist at Euler Hermes North America. “We'll expect to see a bump back for the next couple of months,” he predicted, a function of people going back to work in affected areas, an expected increase in demand in some fields like construction, and later revisions by the BLS of its data.
Related: Hurricanes Harvey and Irma Wiped Out 33,000 Jobs Last Month
This month's revision of July and August employment numbers trimmed the total number of gains by 38,000 jobs over the two months, with an upward revision in August unable to cancel out a larger downward revision for July.
Even a surprisingly high wage growth figure could have been impacted by the storms, labor market experts said.
“To see average hourly earnings up 2.9 percent certainly is welcome news indeed,” said Mark Hamrick, Bankrate.com's senior economic analyst, but he added that the storms might be responsible for distorting the data.
“We want to be cautious to make sure this is sustained,” he said, given the high number of low-wage restaurant jobs that were shed last month. “That could've had the temporary impact of skewing pay higher because lower-paid jobs weren't present.”
Some Sectors Still Saw Gains
Other figures in the monthly report paint a more consistently positive picture. Economists say some of the disconnect stems from the fact that the Department of Labor's monthly snapshot on jobs is gathered from two different surveys, with different methodologies and timelines for collecting data.
Sectors including health care and transportation actually saw job gains for the month. The overall unemployment rate fell from 4.4 percent to 4.2 percent, the labor force participation rate ticked up from 62.9 percent to 63.1 percent and the employment-population ratio hit a post-recession high of 60.4 percent.
“It looks like something about the tighter labor market is finally luring them back in,” said Harry Holzer, a professor of public policy at Georgetown University. “Whether it is the high chance of finding something, or the wages… It's hard to know from these data alone.”
“I'm on Main Street and I see the work that our clients are doing — they're all still hiring,” said Tom Gimbel, founder and CEO of staffing and recruiting firm LaSalle Network. “My open job orders with clients is up in October and was up in September,” he said.
LinkedIn chief economist Guy Berger suggested that the improvements in labor force participation could be coming at the expense of more rapidly accelerating wages. “We're discovering there still is this pool of people willing to work and keeping wage pressure down,” he said. “Job growth is moderate, but it's fast enough the soak up the shadow supply of workers,” he said, although he added it might be another year or more before this impact trickles down to workers' paychecks.
Data on private payroll job growth from ADP and Moody's Analytics also supplied mixed messages. Although it showed a steep drop from the previous month, the 135,000 jobs added exceeded economists' expectations.
“This month is difficult to judge because of the area impacted,” said Ahu Yildirmaz, vice president and head of the ADP Research Institute. Had Harvey and Irma simply not occurred, she estimated that September would have produced a gain of around 190,000. “The storm impact may have cut 50,000 to 60,000 jobs,” she said.
Strengthening Labor Market
Taken together, experts say the overall picture is of an economy much the same as it was pre-Harvey and Irma. “I think the report overall just confirms that the underlying trends in the U.S. economy remain intact,” Hamrick said.
“They suggest a lot of the trends we've been seeing for some time, which is the labor market recovery continues to broaden more, people are finding an incentive to come back into the labor force,” said Sameer Samana, a global quantitative and technical strategist for the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
The increased labor force participation rate in particular, he said, was a particularly good sign. “That's a huge positive in terms of labor market strength.”
ARCHIPELAGO TWP. - A Brantford man faces drunk driving charges after an ATV and vehicle collided on Joyce Line Road.
On June 29 at shortly before 8 p.m., the West Parry Sound OPP responded to a collision involving an ATV in The Archipelago.
Police believe an east-bound ATV hit an oncoming west-bound motor vehicle on a curve in the roadway. The driver of the ATV was transported to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries and released.
As a result of the investigation Zachary Kool, 25, of Brantford, is charged with driving while impaired by alcohol, driving with more than 80 mgs of alcohol in 100 ml of blood, careless driving, driving without insurance and driving an ATV without a plate.
There's in existence an acoustic guitar that features dozens of signatures—102, to be exact—from alt-rock's biggest stars. The signatures include Lady Gaga, Mac DeMarco, Dave Grohl, Carrie Brownstein, Kim Gordon, Perfume Genius, Arctic Monkeys' Alex Turner, John Legend, the National's Matt Berninger, Ryan Adams, Katy Perry, Fred Armisen, and Michael Stipe. Old Style Guitar Shop owner Reuben Cox collected the signatures, and donated it to the organizers behind 7-inches for Planned Parenthood for a Planned Parenthood raffle.
The entry fee for the raffle is a $10 donation. Winners also get a book of photos of the signees.Find the full list of signatures and entry information at the 7-inches for Planned Parenthood website.
Sophia Akuffo, Chief Justice
Chief Justice Sophia Akuffo has raised concerns about the rise in cases of indiscipline among lawyers and called for members of the Ghana Bar Association (GBA) to abide by the conduct of the profession.
She revealed that the General Legal Council (GLC) will not hesitate to clamp down on the trend, but appealed to culprits to be disciplined.
Addressing 208 newly enrolled lawyers to the GBA, Ms Akuffo admonished the fresh lawyers to be of good conduct and desist from any acts that violate the code of ethics of the law profession.
Speaking at the Banquet Hall of the State House on Friday, October 6, the Chief Justice said: “We are witnessing these days, a distressing increase in a number of disciplinary complaints that come before the disciplinary committee of the General Legal Council against lawyers, especially the younger ones at the BAR.”
She explained that: “The root cause of most of these is lack of self-discipline and the desire to get rich quick on the part of new lawyers.”
She therefore urged the lawyers to ensure that they operate within the laid down guidelines to prevent any summons before the disciplinary committee of the General Legal Council because the violation of rules will not be entertained.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
Microsoft is definitely known for its productivity suite of apps. If you own a Windows Phone, then you know most of these apps come bundled with your device. The Windows Store has certainly improved over the years, so there is a lot more to choose from besides Microsoft's offerings. We compiled a list of some of the most popular apps, and grouped them in categories such as Utilities, Productivity, Travel, Music, and Games, to make it easier for you to find what you're looking for.
More: Best Windows Phone apps for keeping your New Year's resolution
Most apps will work with phones that are on Windows Phone v.8 or above. If an app requires Windows 10 to run, click here to find out if your Windows Phone can be upgraded to Windows 10 Mobile. What are your favorite Windows Phone apps? Please, feel free to share them with us in the comment section below.
Whatsapp Whatsapp is one of the most popular messaging apps in the world. It's very easy to set up, as it uses your phone number to verify your account, and it reads your address book to auto populate the contacts you already have that are on Whatsapp. You can chat, and call your family and friends for free. You can also share photos, voice messages, videos, and more. Download now for: Windows Phone
Skype Skype is very popular with those who need to have video conversations with a lot of people at the same time. It's very useful for business, or just for personal use. Not only that, but group chats with up to 300 people are possible. You can also share documents and other files that are up to 300MB in size. This app is available for devices using Windows 10. Download now for: Windows Phone
Facebook Messenger Once upon a time, Facebook and Messenger used to be one. As we all know, they are now two separate apps. With this app, you will be able to continue your conversations, send pictures, and have group chats with your family and friends. Download now for: Windows Phone
Facebook The official Facebook app is available for Windows, including Windows Phone. It has all of the features we've come to expect, so this isn't a “lite” or “web” app. The official app will give you the full Facebook experience on your Windows Phone. Download now for: Windows Phone
Instagram For a while, a lot of users were lamenting the fact that Instagram wasn't available on Windows phone, but if you were waiting for it, the wait is over. Share your pictures, edit them, explore, follow, and chat with your friends. Post your stories, and watch other people's videos, with Instagram's new Stories feature. Download now for: Windows Phone
Twitter Twitter's massive popularity makes this app a must-have on any platform. Connect with the latest stories from all around the world, your favorite celebrities, connect with friends, and share your vines, photos, send GIFs, and much more. Nowadays, if anything important happens, one of the first places it'll be is on Twitter. Download now for: Windows Phone
Viber Viber is a very popular messaging app. It has some very interesting features, such as the option to delete a message after it was sent! It supports audio and video calls (available on Windows 10 Mobile), all with HD sound quality. You can share photos and videos to any other app, but you can also save them to a Viber folder. Group chat is available, with groups of up to 200 participants! Download now for: Windows Phone
Telegram Telegram is a messaging app that focuses on privacy. It has secret chats, which support end-to-end encryption for users seeking a chat app with good security features. It also has group chat support for up to 200 participants, and you can send video files that are up to 1GB in size. Your secret messages aren't logged on their servers, and you can set messages to self-destruct on the sender and the receiver's device. If you're concerned about your privacy, then this may be the way to go. Download now for: Windows Phone
Vine This is a great app to create and share Vine videos. If you just want to browse and check out the videos, then you don't have to create an account. You can share your or other Vines on Facebook or Twitter. We've all seen Vines go viral, well here is your chance to discover them first. Download now for: Windows Phone
Get ready for the smartphone slapdown of the summer.
Samsung and Apple are both expected to announce new phones in the next few weeks. If the leaks are any indication, the flagship devices should make this an especially enticing year for tech.
"This is going to be one of the biggest years of the battle [between Samsung and Apple] that we have ever seen," Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, told NBC News.
Apple has been following a September launch cycle, but this one will be particularly special, marking the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. Apple, of course isn't commenting. But revenue projections of $49 billion to $52 billion for the next quarter indicate Apple may have something big in store.
As for Samsung, the company missed out on a showdown with Apple last year after the Note 7 caught fire — literally — ultimately prompting Samsung to pull the phones and cease production.
Related: The iPhone is Turning 10
But this year, all signs are pointing to the company being ready to wow, likely with a new Galaxy Note 8 at its Unpacked event in New York City on August 23.
Mobile reporter Evan Blass, known for getting his hands on all of the good leaks, first tweeted photos of what is purported to be the smartphone.
When it rains etc. pic.twitter.com/D0lFR5Wn1B — Evan Blass (@evleaks) August 1, 2017
It has the same edge-to-edge Infinity Display as Samsung's Galaxy S8, giving it a sleek look while also maximizing the screen real estate. Like the S8, the fingerprint sensor is once again on the back, next to the phone's dual cameras. And of course, there's a stylus — one of the reasons why the Note series has such a loyal following, according to Moorhead.
Samsung is building momentum after the release of the Galaxy S8 earlier this year and remains the No. 1 smartphone player in terms of market share, but Moorhead said this is finally the year we have a true "battle" between Samsung and what he's calling the "iPhone X."
It's expected Apple's newest generation of iPhones will have edge-to-edge displays worthy of rivaling Samsung.
Developers have been busy sifting through code — particularly in the recently released firmware for the Home Pod, Apple's smart speaker that goes on sale at the end of this year.
In the code, developers they say they've found hints about what we can expect from the iPhone 8. Steve Troughton-Smith reported on Twitter that the new iPhone will have facial recognition technology. The finding was also confirmed by iOS developer Guilherme Rambo on Twitter.
I can confirm reports that HomePod's firmware reveals the existence of upcoming iPhone's infra-red face unlock in BiometricKit and elsewhere pic.twitter.com/yLsgCx7OTZ — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) July 31, 2017
It's a feature that has already been implemented in Samsung's previous two releases, allowing you to unlock your phone with a glance.
"Apple is typically not the first one with a specific feature. It's typically Samsung," Moorhead said. "But Apple prides itself on being the best implementation of something."
While Apple may have made a rare misstep in releasing the clues in the Home Pod firmware, it's also worth noting that nothing has yet been confirmed by the company. For that, we're likely going to have to wait until September.
Kinja Roundup · Kinja!
Jalopnik Here's How The Dodge Demon Can Do A Nine-Second Quarter Mile | Kotaku The 17 Moments That Defined The Fast And The…
Photo: Spurs defender hits the pool
Tottenham Hotspur defender Kevin Wimmer – or should that be Kevin Swimmer – has shared a photo of him hitting the pool on his summer holiday.
The Austrian centre-back, aged 24, was limited to just four Premier League appearances and eight games in all competitions last season, but was still ready for a rest of a long season of hard work on the training ground under the watchful eye of head coach Mauricio Pochettino.
Writing on Twitter, Wimmer said: “Time to recover.”
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has it all but if the Manchester United striker could improve one thing in 2017 it would be his number of assists.
Ibrahimovic has taken the Premier League by storm since swapping French champions Paris Saint-Germain for United in the off-season, scoring 17 goals.
The 35-year-old Swede has defied his age to sit second in the Premier League's goalscoring standings with 12 but the evergreen marksman is not content heading into the New Year, determined to share the love.
"I would like more assists," Ibrahimovic told the Times of India.
"For me giving an assist is just like you have scored yourself. It's part of my game."
Ibrahimovic, who ended 2016 with a total of 50 goals, added: "The game is about what happens to the team. If a player becomes too focused on scoring goals that means he is focusing only on himself.
"I'm here to help my team. I want to win trophies with this team."
Ibrahimovic's form has been a driving force behind United's charge up the table.
The former Sweden captain has scored eight goals in as many matches to help United move within three points of the top four and four of third-placed Arsenal after 19 rounds.
"We had our up and down moments when we were winning, losing, winning, losing and we had our moments when results haven't been what they should have been after good performances. But we are still there, and we are also closing the gap," Ibrahimovic said ahead of Monday's clash at West Ham.
Asked whether United are still in the title race, with the Manchester club 13 points behind leaders Chelsea, Ibrahimovic replied: "We continue to close the gap and hopefully the other teams can make some mistakes and we can close the gap even more. The last period has been good so we have to continue."
HONOLULU — A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was “100 per cent sure” at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word “exercise” repeated several times.
The man said it felt like he had been hit with a “body blow” when he realized it was just a drill and he has had difficulty eating and sleeping since.
“I did what I was trained to do,” he said. “I just feel bad about what I put the public through as far as panic is concerned.”
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counselled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations centre in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
“When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message,” he said.
The man said didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, “exercise, exercise, exercise.”
“I heard the part, ‘this is not a drill,”‘ he said. “I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers.”
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
“The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have,” retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
——
This story has been corrected to say a co-worker took the call, not the man who sent the alert.
The actress was pregnant during filming for the latest series – and gave birth to her daughter Wren in September 2017
Have you noticed Nurse Trixie Franklin's sudden desire to wear baggy capes, carry a clipboard everywhere and stand directly behind large desk lamps?
Advertisement
In case you hadn't guessed, actress Helen George was pregnant during filming of the latest series – and as the bump got bigger, Call the Midwife producers had to find ingenious ways to disguise her belly.
Plot-wise, now is DEFINITELY not the right time for Trixie to become pregnant. Her budding relationship with Christopher is over, and her alcoholism has raised its ugly head as she abandoned sobriety for a secret drink alone in her bedroom.
So the actress's pregnancy had to be covered up, and Call the Midwife fans had great fun on Sunday night spotting all the different ways it was cleverly disguised:
Ahh the clipboard and baby blocking the view of the baby bump now. #callthemidwife — Ian (@iancharris) February 4, 2018
Hide bump with baby *and* clipboard. #callthemidwife — Heather Wallace (@burntcopper) February 4, 2018
#callthemidwife are getting more and more clever when it comes to hiding Helens baby bump!!! — Ethan Hardy (@DrHardyNHS) February 4, 2018
Eagle-eyed viewers noticed the very clever use of an Anglepoise desk lamp as the nurses packed their bags and prepared for the day:
Gotta love the way they creativity hide Helens baby bump in #callthemidwife pic.twitter.com/134s0X0FbQ — Cupie Doll (@cupie_doll) February 4, 2018
I'm enjoying the increasingly preposterous lengths Call The Midwife is going to to conceal Helen's baby bump. The strategic anglepoise lamp in the foreground was particularly ingenious. — Martin White (@martylog) February 4, 2018
#callthemidwife Having fun counting the props strategically placed to cover up Helen George's (Trixie) pregnancy. — bookfan2 (@Borderbabe1) February 4, 2018
In another scene, Trixie was painting her nails while sitting in bed – beneath lots of covers and cushions, of course.
Trixie's nail polish views: correct.
Giant cushion bump hiding: a++. #callthemidwife — Heather Wallace (@burntcopper) February 4, 2018
Still, despite producers' best efforts, there's only so much you can do to hide the fact that your star is increasingly pregnant.
That little glimpse of Helen George's baby bump under Trixie's midwife uniform in this series of #CallTheMidwife 💕 — Kimmi (@littlewxrrier) February 4, 2018
Anyone else staring at Trixie's burgeoning baby bump! #CallTheMidwife @CallTheMidwife1 — Vic Vicky Victoria 🐾 (@moonvic76) February 4, 2018
Once you realise Helen George is pregnant in #CallTheMidwife, you can't notice Trixie's baggy clothes and fondness for sitting down! — Megan 🌜 (@LuckyPenumbra) February 4, 2018
And just in case you're wondering what will happen when Helen actually gives birth, creator Heidi Thomas has already revealed that Trixie will be disappearing from a few episodes this series.
“Helen was able to graciously retire – she just had a couple of episodes off,” Heidi confirmed.
Advertisement
Call the Midwife season seven airs on PBS on Sundays at 8/7c
Roseanne Barr said she was “Ambien tweeting” when she wrote racist remarks on Twitter that compared a black former Obama administration official to an ape, a comment that led ABC to cancel her television show.
But on Wednesday the makers of Ambien, the sleep aid, were having none of it.
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world,” the company, Sanofi U.S., said on Twitter. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
Apparently we needed more evidence that everyone in politics now holds the exact opposite positions on every process issue that they did for the entire eight years of the Obama presidency.
In 2013 the Democrats were fed up with Republicans' obstruction of Obama's judicial nominees, so they changed the rules of the Senate to only require a simple majority to stop debate and proceed to a vote, down from the usual 60.
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done. — Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) November 21, 2013
Republicans condemned the move as against the character of the chamber, and anti-republican. They were right, in a sense.
Since Democrats now hold a 48-vote minority in the Senate after President Trump was elected, more than enough to block his Supreme Court nominee, both parties switched sides. Republicans eliminated the 60-vote threshold and confirmed Neil Gorsuch to the Court with 54 votes.
With 51 ayes, the US Senate voted to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch as a Justice on the US Supreme Court. https://t.co/RwJ3lqMv5L pic.twitter.com/7z8d0nIwLy — Alex Howard (@digiphile) April 7, 2017
As if we had slipped into Star Trek's mirror universe, Democrats wailed that the other party doing the same thing they did a few years before was the end of democracy. Ironically, lowering the Senate's vote requirement for nominations to 51 from 60 is more democratic, not less. You would think the Democratic Party would wholly approve. But then, this fight was never about ideology or even process, but power.
Requiring a supermajority of 60 votes for certain Senate actions is a grant to the minority party to have a check on an overzealous majority. It's a republican feature of the chamber, not a democratic one.
A purely democratic body, like the House of Representatives, operates on simple majority rule. There are no fig leaves given to the minority party in the House to slow down its operation.
Eliminating 60-vote cloture requirements, colloquially referred to as the filibuster, gives full power back to the democratically elected majority in the Senate. In this case, it is voters in the majority of states, rather than the usual majority of voters, but the majoritarian ideal is the same.
Democrats didn't like it when the minority was able to stop “progress” four years ago…because the minority wasn't them. So they steamrolled the minority. Now that the procedural shoe is on the other foot - and directly in the path of the steamroller - Democrats want to ban steamrollers. Not because steamrollers are inherently bad, but because they're not driving them anymore.
2016: the year in review
Aleppo, migrant crises, Muhammad Ali's death and persistent terror attacks on Turkey capital Istanbul all left sad landmarks on 2016.
It was not all doom and gloom as American-Cuban relationship entered a more cordial phase after over 50 years of acrimony, and of course, the return of 21 Chibok girls on October 13, 2016, rekindled of hope of safe return of others still in captivity.
So were polls-defying triumphs of Brexit and American billionaire Donald Trump.
As we begin 2017, take a look at these global events and a few others that shaped 2016 and may define what 2017 will look like.
Watch video below.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
When setting up my internal Rancher Master Service I noticed that I was getting some weird timeout values in the UI, the management console acted gray and it went extremely slow when accessing it externally. After starting up Developer mode in Google Chrome I noticed right away that I was getting some websockets timeouts.
WebSockets Connection to “ws://” failed error during websocket handshake: Unexpected response code 404
When I tried to connect to the Rancher master server internally I noticed that things were working alot smoother then when I was connecting to it externally.
I noticed pretty quickly that it was the NetScaler which was not allowing WebSocket connections as part of of the virtual server that I had configured.
Read the entire article here, Setting up WebSocket access on Citrix NetScaler
via Marius Sandbu.
Biafra: Everybody has the right to agitate, but – Umahi
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – CHAIRMAN, South East Governors Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi Wednesday said that it was within the fundamental human rights of people to agitate but what mattered most was the way the person goes about to agitate.
Governor Umahi who stated this while fielding questions on behalf of the South East delegation that met with the Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, in a closed-door session at the Old Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, Abuja, said that the meeting was not about the Indegenous People of Biafra, IPOB, but on the unity of the country.
On how confident he was that the messages from the meeting would be accepted by the IPOB, Umahi who spoke on behalf of the Igbo delegation said, “The meeting is not about IPOB, it is about to stressed the need for security of lives and properties of Nigerians all over Nigeria and to stress the need for a united, honest, fair and equitable Nigeria. That was what the meeting was about.
“It was a wonderful meeting and the message we're taking back is that there is hope for a united and peaceful Nigeria and everybody should work hard. We emphasize the need for everybody to restrain from making hate statements. We should be making statements that will be binding us together, statements of love, statements of unity, and statements of hope and of course we should also work very hard.”
On the message the delegations would be sending to the agitators, he said, “Everybody has a right to agitate but we emphasize the need for peaceful agitation. Even you agitate, your wife agitates at home that the feeding money is not enough, so it is fundamental right but is the manner you go about it. So it is not an issue that cannot be resolved.”
The delegation included traditional rulers, the academia, political class and clerics from South East.
The post Biafra: Everybody has the right to agitate, but – Umahi appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on an annual Los Angeles march commemorating the deaths of about 1.5 million Armenians under the Ottoman Empire (all times local):
2:15 p.m.
Thousands of people are marching in annual Los Angeles demonstrations commemorating the deaths of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians under the Ottoman Empire.
Demonstrators are waving Armenian and American flags on Tuesday and carrying signs that read “1915 never again” and “Turkish denial must end.” They aree headed toward the Turkish Consulate.
The marchers are demanding that the 1.5 million deaths starting in 1915 be recognized as genocide.
Marie Keshishian, an 18-year-old who lost all four of her great-great grandparents in the genocide, says she's marching to honour her ancestors.
Reality TV star Kim Kardahsian West, an Armenian-American, tweeted that it's “inspiring to see all Armenians united in peaceful protests making a difference.”
Turkey denies the killings were genocide and contends those who died were victims of civil war and unrest.
——
11:10 a.m.
Thousands of people are taking part in annual Los Angeles marches commemorating the deaths of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians under the Ottoman Empire.
The demonstrations on Tuesday come just hours after Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan resigned following 10 days of massive anti-government protests in that country.
Marchers in Los Angeles are demanding that the 1.5 million deaths starting in 1915 be recognized as genocide. A separate protest is planned outside the Turkish Consulate in Los Angeles.
Turkey denies the killings were genocide and contends those who died were victims of civil war and unrest.
Why it matters to you Customers wanting to build a new desktop based on AMD's new lineup of Ryzen processors now have five options for laying the foundation.
Just recently, MSI listed a batch of new motherboards based on AMD's just-launched AM4 processor socket (seat). There are five in all, packing support for DDR4 memory clocked at 3,200MHz, USB 3.1 Gen2 (10Gbps) connectivity, Military Class 4 components, premium audio, and loads more. All five are compatible with the new Ryzen processors, seventh-generation A-Series APUs, and seventh-gen Athlon chips.
Here are the hardware highlights of each motherboard:
X370 Gaming Pro Carbon AC
Form factor: ATX Chipset: AMD X370 DDR4 memory speeds (MHz): 1,866/2,133/2,667(OC)/2,933(OC)/3,200(OC) Memory channel: Dual DIMM slots: 4 Max memory amount (GB): 64GB PCIe x16 slots: 3 PCIe x1 slots: 3 SATA 3 connections: 6 M.2 slots: 2 Built-in LAN: 1x gigabit Ports (Front): 4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
4x USB 2.0 Type-A Ports (Back): 1x USB 3.1 Gen2 Type-C
1x USB 3.1 Gen2 Type-A
4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
2x USB 2.0 Type-A
5x jacks + optical S/PDIF
1x DVI-D
1x HDMI Nvidia SLI compatible: Yes AMD CrossFire compatible: Yes Other goodies: Included Intel Wireless AC adapter
Mystic Light RGB I/O cover and heatsink
Golden audio jacks
Intel Gaming LAN
PCIe Steel Armor graphics card protection
Gaming heatsinks
MSI Audio Boost
Gamer-focused BIOS Product page: Link
X370 Gaming Plus
Form factor: ATX Chipset: AMD X370 DDR4 memory speeds (MHz): 1,866/2,133/2,400/2,667(OC)/2,933(OC)/3,200(OC) Memory channel: Dual DIMM slots: 4 Max memory amount (GB): 64GB PCIe x16 slots: 3 PCIe x1 slots: 3 SATA 3 connections: 6 M.2 slots: 1 Built-in LAN: 1x gigabit Ports (Front): 4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
4x USB 2.0 Type-A
1x Serial port Ports (Back): 1x USB 3.1 Gen2 Type-C
1x USB 3.1 Gen2 Type-A
4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
2x USB 2.0 Type-A
6x audio ports
1x DVI-D
1x HDMI Nvidia SLI compatible: Yes AMD CrossFire compatible: Yes Other goodies: Golden audio jacks
Intel Gaming LAN
PCIe Steel Armor graphics card protection
Gaming heatsinks
MSI Audio Boost
Gamer-focused BIOS
Supports RGB Mystic Light Product page: Link
B350 Gaming Pro Carbon AC
Form factor: ATX Chipset: AMD B350 DDR4 memory speeds (MHz): 1,866/2,133/2,667(OC)/2,933(OC)/3,200(OC) Memory channel: Dual DIMM slots: 4 Max memory amount (GB): 64GB PCIe x16 slots: 2 PCIe x1 slots: 3 SATA 3 connections: 4 M.2 slots: 2 Built-in LAN: 1x gigabit Ports (Front): 4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
4x USB 2.0 Type-A Ports (Back): 1x USB 3.1 Gen2 Type-C
1x USB 3.1 Gen2 Type-A
4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
2x USB 2.0 Type-A
5x jacks + optical S/PDIF
1x DVI-D
1x HDMI Nvidia SLI compatible: No AMD CrossFire compatible: Yes Other goodies: Mystic Light RGB I/O cover
Golden audio jacks
Intel Gaming LAN
PCIe Steel Armor graphics card protection
Gaming heatsinks
MSI Audio Boost
Gamer-focused BIOS Product page: Link
B350 Gaming Plus
Form factor: ATX Chipset: AMD B350 DDR4 memory speeds (MHz): 1,866/2,133/2,400/2,667(OC)/2,933(OC)/3,200(OC) Memory channel: Dual DIMM slots: 4 Max memory amount (GB): 64GB PCIe x16 slots: 2 PCIe x1 slots: 2 PCI slots: 2 SATA 3 connections: 4 M.2 slots: 1 Built-in LAN: 1x gigabit Ports (Front): 4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
4x USB 2.0 Type-A
1x Serial port Ports (Back): 3x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
1x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-C
2x USB 2.0
6x audio ports
1x DVI-D
1x VGA
1x HDMI Nvidia SLI compatible: No AMD CrossFire compatible: Yes Other goodies: Golden audio jacks
Intel Gaming LAN
PCIe Steel Armor graphics card protection
Gaming red heatsinks
MSI Audio Boost
Gamer-focused BIOS
Supports RGB Mystic Light Product page: Link
B350 Krait Gaming
Form factor: ATX Chipset: AMD B350 DDR4 memory speeds (MHz): 1,866/2,133/2,400/2,667(OC)/2,933(OC)/3,200(OC) Memory channel: Dual DIMM slots: 4 Max memory amount (GB): 64GB PCIe x16 slots: 2 PCIe x1 slots: 3 SATA 3 connections: 4 M.2 slots: 1 Built-in LAN: 1x gigabit Ports (Front): 4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
4x USB 2.0 Type-A
1x Serial port Ports (Back): 1x USB 3.1 Gen2 Type-A
1x USB 3.1 Gen2 Type-C
4x USB 3.1 Gen1 Type-A
2x USB 2.0
6x audio ports
1x DVI-D
1x HDMI Nvidia SLI compatible: No AMD CrossFire compatible: Yes Other goodies: Black and white gaming I/O cover and heatsinks
Golden audio jacks
Intel Gaming LAN
PCIe Steel Armor graphics card protection
Gaming red heatsinks
MSI Audio Boost
Gamer-focused BIOS
Supports RGB Mystic Light Product page: Link
That's everything in a nutshell. Unfortunately, we have no idea when the five motherboards will hit the market, or for how much. However, MSI currently offers a large number of other motherboards based on AMD's new AM4 processor socket that customers can buy through Newegg right here. These include the X370 Xpower Gaming Titanium ($300), the X370 SLI Plus ($150), the X370 Gaming Pro Carbon ($180), and many, many more.
HS hurling team of the week 17 April 2017
Tipperary's Noel McGrath celebrates after scoring a goal against Wexford.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. Tipperary's Noel McGrath celebrates after scoring a goal against Wexford.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
League finalists Tipperary and Galway both have six representatives on our team of the week following their respective semi-final wins yesterday...
1. Darren Gleeson (Tipperary)
Overall enjoyed a quiet day at the office but, when called into action, he saved a penalty from Mark Fanning.
2. Adrian Tuohy (Galway)
Handed man-marking duties on Cian Lynch, the Galway defender came out on top in that individual battle.
3. James Barry (Tipperary)
Galway's full-forward line trio scored a total of 1-10 against Limerick so Barry & Co will have to be on their toes in the Gaelic Grounds next Sunday.
4. Aidan Harte (Galway)
Made some timely interventions in the second-half as Limerick tried unsuccessfully to gain a foothold in the game at the Gaelic Grounds.
5. Padraig Mannion (Galway)
Played a part in the build-up to Conor Cooney's second-half goal and also chipped in with a point for good measure.
6. Diarmuid Byrnes (Limerick)
The Treaty County captain stood up well to the Galway challenge but too many of his team-mates were found wanting on this occasion.
7. Diarmuid O'Keeffe (Wexford)
O'Keeffe and his Wexford team-mates battled to the end but, on the day, they had no answer to Tipperary's superior fire power.
8. Brendan Maher (Tipperary)
The industrious Premier County midfielder contributed 1-2 to his side's cause against the Model County.
9. Michael Breen (Tipperary)
Introduced at half-time by Michael Ryan, he exerted a big infuence on the second-half proceedings in Nowlan Park and sent over four points.
10. Conor Johnston (Antrim)
The Saffrons made picked up their 16th Ulster SHC title in-a-row at Johnston hit Armagh for 3-5 in Owenbeg.
11. Joe Canning (Galway)
Was uncharacteristically off target with a number of efforts in the first-half but found his range on the resumption and finished the contest with 0-7 (6 frees) to his name.
12. Cathal Mannion (Galway)
Along with Conor Whelan and Conor Cooney, Mannion, who raised four white flags, was a constant thorn in the side of the Limerick full-back line.
13. Noel McGrath (Tipperary)
Picked up the 'man-of-the-match' award after a five-star performance that yielded 2-2.
14. John McGrath (Tipperary)
Another leading contender for 'man-of-the-match' honours, the eldest of the McGrath brothers also racked up 2-2.
15. Conor Cooney (Galway)
The stand-out performer for Micheal Donoghue's side, his 56th minute goal was the highlight of a fine individual display.
Head Coach Marvin Lewis
(opening statement)
“I am extremely happy for our guys and how we came out and played today. For whatever reason, we still have that lull in the third and fourth quarters, but in all three phases, we did a very good job. That was important for the guys to continue to compete together, have fun together and enjoy each other. As we know when you move forward, nothing stays the same, and so that's a great way to end this season and hopefully kick off 2017.”
(on what it means to see them play like that in a meaningless game)
“I've said all year that I've been pleased with what we are, the character and the work and so forth. Early on we just didn't create enough to make this thing meaningful. The way the schedule was set, these last three games were going to be meaningful and we didn't quite get it there.”
(on the play of Andy Dalton)
“His biggest play was at the end of the first half to get us lined up correctly when those guys lined up incorrectly. Tyler (Boyd) failed to get out of bounds and our guys lined up incorrectly, for him to have the presence of mind to get Rex (Burkhead) up on the ball to get us a legal formation, that to me is part of Andy Dalton. To me, he has had his best season, unfortunately, we as a team we haven't. He continues to grow and be the quarterback that we expect.”
Quarterback Andy Dalton
(on ending the season with a win)
“To end the year on a win was big for us — it gives you a better feeling going into the offseason. Anytime you're out there competing, you want to win, and we were able to do it today.”
(on what worked so well)
“There weren't a whole lot of third downs — was it two or three, maybe? We were taking big chunks off on first and second down, and we were able to stay out of third down situations. It just makes it easier to keep drives alive and keep going. I felt like we were running the ball well, and I felt like we were throwing the ball (well). We were connecting.”
(on playing on a non-winning team for the first time in his career)
“It's just different, especially going into this week. It's a different feeling if you didn't know the season was ending today. We kind of knew this was going to be the last game, so for me, it was just doing what I can to finish strong.”
(on whether this was his best season)
“I definitely feel like I did (take some steps). With some new guys, a new coordinator and some new pieces, I felt like I was able to get everybody on the same page and get everybody moving. I felt like I did some good things. Obviously, I want to keep getting better and I'm going to take this offseason to look at what I was able to do this year and the areas I can improve. I definitely felt like there were some things I did better this year than I've done at any time in my career.”
HB Rex Burkhead
(on his 144 yards from scrimmage)
“I appreciate it. It was fun. I appreciate the opportunity to play with this team. A lot of credit goes to the offensive line.”
(on how he was able to find room against the Ravens defense)
“We did some different things to break tendencies and throw them off a little bit today. We were mixing up the interior and exterior runs. The offensive line did a good job sticking with their blocks, and also climbing to the linebackers at the second level.”
DT Domata Peko
(on beating a division rival)
“Heck yeah, it was a big afternoon for us. It was great to get after Baltimore and beat them the way we did. We came out ready to play. Defensively, we held our own. What a way to finish the season strong as a team. It wasn't the season that we wanted, but the last eight weeks we really stepped up our game. Defensively, we elevated our play and have really played well. We have a bright future ahead of us.”
(on the mentality of the team)
“At this point in our season, we were not fighting for playoff position — we were fighting for each other. We simply went out today and battled our opponent. We went out and showed that we're still fighting for our coach, fighting for this team. We never gave up, and we're still here.”
OT Andrew Whitworth
(on finishing the season against Terrell Suggs )
“Yeah. Me and him have played against each other a number of times. It's always tough when the season comes to a close, especially at this point in my career.”
CB Adam Jones
(on going against Steve Smith Sr. in his final game)
“I've got a lot of respect for the dude.”
CB Dre Kirkpatrick
(on going against Smith in his final game)
“He broke the ice today. He talked a little bit. But it was more respect than anything. I kept the trash talking down. I didn't want to take away from his day. I feel like he's going to put that [Hall of Fame] jacket on some day, so I just wanted to show respect to him and let him do his thing while still competing at a high level.”
Neil Gorsuch took his place on the Supreme Court bench Monday, diving right in to the court's business and peppering the lawyers with questions during courtroom argument.
Sworn in a week earlier, President Donald Trump's pick arrived just in time to participate in the final two weeks of oral argument in the current term. As is the tradition in an institution that operates on seniority, he was seated at the end of the bench on the left side of Chief Justice John Roberts, who sits at the center.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Gorsuch to hear first case as SCOTUS justice 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It gives me great pleasure on behalf of myself and my colleagues to welcome Justice Gorsuch as the 101st associate justice of this court," Roberts said in very brief remarks as the court was called to order at 10 a.m. "We wish you a long and happy career in our common cause."
In response Gorsuch said, "Thank you for the warm welcome I have received."
A more elaborate investiture ceremony will be conducted in the weeks to come.
His arrival with a conservative record as a judge on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver restores the ideological makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court. He fills the vacancy left by the death of Antonin Scalia 14 months ago, once again giving the court's generally conservative justices a five-to-four majority.
Related: Supreme Court Scheduled to Hear Important Freedom of Religion Dispute
None of Monday's cases were among the term's blockbusters. They were typical of the court's diet of complex issues of federal law — the timing of shareholder class action lawsuits, the appropriate judicial forum for federal worker complaints, and the rules for joining a lawsuit filed by someone else.
Justice Gorsuch remained in his seat as the court turned to the second case of the day, involving when a person interested in the outcome of a case can be added as a party to proceedings. One of the lawyers appearing before the court in that case, Neal Katyal, testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee in support of Gorsuch's nomination.
Katyal's representation of one side in the case presented Gorsuch with a decision about whether to recuse, or sit the case out. But as expected, he remained on the bench. Justices often hear cases argued by their former law clerks or people from law firms where they once worked.
The court's newest justice showed no freshman anxiety Monday, jumping into the questioning barely 15 minutes after the first argument began. He asked a series of questions then said, "Sorry for taking up so much time."
Gorsuch was sworn in April 10, and the other eight justices met three days later in their regular private conference to discuss which cases to hear next term. The court said he did not take part in that discussion, preferring to concentrate on the 13 cases to be argued by April 26.
His presence on the court may make the difference in one of the most significant legal showdowns over religious rights in decades.
On Wednesday, the court is scheduled to hear a claim that Missouri discriminated against a Lutheran church by leaving its preschool out of a program to improve school playgrounds. Missouri's constitution says no state money can ever be spent to aid a church.
The church says the state was engaging in anti-religious discrimination. As a federal Judge, Gorsuch was sympathetic to claims of religious discrimination.
"It was Justice Gorsuch's views on religious liberty that might have been the most persuasive thing to conservative advocates when he was nominated. So it would be a surprise if he weren't in favor of the interests of the church in this case," said Tom Goldstein, a Washington, D.C.-based lawyer who argues frequently before the court.
But the case may fizzle out. Late last week, Missouri's newly elected governor said the state will no longer automatically turn down requests for money from churches. The court ordered lawyers for both sides to submit letters by noon Tuesday with their views on what effect the governor's change in policy should have on the case.
The policy change would appear to give the church what it wanted — a chance to obtain a state grant.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — A new U.N. report says migrants are sending home billions of dollars more than they did a decade ago which is helping lift their families out of poverty — and it says the rate of growth in remittances is almost double the increase in migration.
The report commissioned by the International Fund for Agricultural Development and released Wednesday says that over the period from 2007 to 2016 remittances increased by 51 percent while migration rose by 28 percent and population in the home countries of migrants grew by 13 percent.
While remittances have increased to almost all regions of the world, the report says the sharp rise over the past decade is mainly due to Asia which has seen an 87 percent increase in remittances.
This Open Letter to Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie discusses Feminism, Egalitarianism & Respect
Since Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie asked Hillary Clinton if it was her choice to identify herself first as a wife on her Twitter bio, and why, the internet has been awash with comments for and against.
In what can be tagged as her contribution to the topic, Co-Director of Startup Grind Lagos Blessing Abeng, in a Twitter thread, also published on her blog einsteinette.com, she highlights her “issue with feminism,” and why egalitarianism is better for her.
“You can't ask for equality of the sexes and have bias for one of the sexes,” she says, adding that individuals should get appointments or contracts based on merit and not gender bias. “Treat every human as their own person, not as a male or female,” she adds.
See below:
Photo Credit: Jack Taylor/Getty Images
The post This Open Letter to Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie discusses Feminism, Egalitarianism & Respect appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Welsh wizard Gareth Bale has agreed to leave European champions Real Madrid in the summer, according to today's football transfer grapevine.
The rumour mill also suggests that manager Arsene Wenger has finally accepted that Olivier Giroud has a future at Arsenal and is prepared to start him in more matches, but he could soon be losing Hector Bellerin to Juventus.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) Pleasure Ridge Park baseball finds itself in a familiar position this weekend. Taking the field at Applebee's Park in Lexington in the Final Four. Head coach, Bill Miller has won five state titles in his 35 plus years at the school. He says his team won't flinch if the going gets tough. "They compete. They think they're going to win, and they're hard nosed. They're tough South End kids," said Miller.
Copyright 2017 WAVE News . All rights reserved.
The Cincinnati Reds have had their eyes on a reliever all off-season and there are still several left from that list.
The Cincinnati Reds listed upgrading the bullpen as one of their top goals for the off-season. The price of relievers has gone up because of how the Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians used their bullpens in the World Series. There are still several relievers that have been on the Reds' radar since the Winter Meetings.
Greg Holland is the reliever that has been most often linked to the Reds this off-season. He is the former closer for the Kansas City Royals. The Reds can afford him because of his injuries the past two seasons, but recently he spoke with the Colorado Rockies.
The rumors repeatedly have linked former Red Matt Belisle to the team. He had a good season last year with the Washington Nationals, but it was mostly in low leverage situations. At age 36, it isn't clear that Belisle fits the Reds plans.
Several sources have mentioned Joe Blanton as a possibility. Blanton is neither a closer, nor someone with great upside. Whether Blanton fits or not is unclear. Blanton is one of the best hitting pitchers in baseball, but as a reliever that benefit greatly diminishes.
After the three veterans, the Cincinnati Reds have a choice among several potential closers with varied backgrounds.
Vance Worley is an interesting option. He is a former starting prospect who has bounced around with the Philadelphia Phillies and Pittsburgh Pirates, among others. As a potential multi-inning reliever, he fits into the Reds' current style of bullpen construction.
Another former Red the team is looking at is Travis Wood. The longer that he remains a free agent, the better the chance is that he lands with the Reds. As a starter or reliever, Wood provides good value and options for other teams, as well as the Reds.
Former Giants' closer Sergio Romo is a free agent this off-season. 2014 was the last time he closed, but at age 33 he fits the Reds' profile. Romo has not had an breakdown, though, so he should end up as a set-up guy somewhere.
Want your voice heard? Join the Blog Red Machine team!
The most intriguing player is Neftali Feliz, formerly of the Texas Rangers and Pittsburgh Pirates. He is the youngest of the relievers on this list and also has the best stuff. He wants to close, but hasn't be a closer since 2014 with the Rangers.
More from Blog Red Machine
This article originally appeared on
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — Former President Barack Obama has recorded a phone message in support of Doug Jones, the Democratic Senate nominee in Alabama's special election on Tuesday.
But it's not clear yet whether the Jones camp will use the "robocall" to try to get voters to the polls because Obama is a double-edged sword in this state.
A source familiar with Obama's endorsement confirmed the call to NBC News.
Jones was asked on Monday by reporters about the ex-president's recorded call, which was first reported by The New York Times, and said he didn't know anything about it.
"I'm going to be candid with you guys. I know that there have been a lot of robocalls that have been recorded. I don't know what is being used, that is just not something I'm doing," Jones said.
Jones needs to mobilize black voters on Tuesday, and the voice of Obama, the nation's first black president, could be helpful in that effort. On the other hand, Obama is deeply unpopular with white Republican Alabamians, so the move could backfire by giving GOP nominee Roy Moore a new tool with which to energize his base.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Alabama voters still support Roy Moore 9:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
During his 2012 re-election campaign, Obama won just 15 percent of whites in Alabama, according to exit polls.
"This one's serious. You can't sit it out," Obama says in the call, according to CNN. "Doug will be our champion for justice. So get out and vote, Alabama."
Moore's victory over Sen. Luther Strange in a Republican primary runoff earlier this year convinced Democrats that they had at least an outside shot of snagging a Senate seat that's been in GOP hands for two decades. Allegations of sexual misconduct against Moore — which he denies — have given Jones a boost.
Public polls have swung wildly in recent weeks, but, taken together, they suggest a close race.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - Adam Shacknai testified Monday in the wrongful death civil lawsuit filed by the family of Rebecca Zahau, whose body was found hanging at the Spreckels Mansion in Coronado.
The San Diego County Medical Examiner's office ruled Zahau's death was a suicide. Zahau's family believes she was murdered at the home on 1043 Ocean Blvd.
Adam Shacknai, the brother of Zahau's boyfriend Jonah, told investigators he removed Zahau's body from the balcony about 6:45 a.m. the morning of July 13, 2011.
In testimony, Shacknai said he called 911.
Investigators found her body on the ground, her hands and feet bound with red rope. The same red rope was discovered hanging over the balcony.
Shacknai had been staying in the mansion's guest house at the time of Zahau's death.
RELATED: Interactive timeline of Rebecca Zahau case / Lead investigator testifies in wrongful death lawsuit / Coronado death investigation photos
Shacknai testified Monday he liked Zahau, and she liked him.
STAYNER, Ont. — Paramedics say eight people have been seriously or critically injured in a collision between a bus carrying school children and a passenger van that took place in a community about 125 kilometres northwest of Toronto.
Simcoe County paramedic services deputy chief J.C. Gilbert says all of the injured were in the passenger van, and they were being assessed at a local hospital.
Gilbert says paramedics have requested urgent assistance from the province's air ambulance service to move some of the victims to trauma centres.
Clearwater fire officials say there were 41 teens, three adult chaperones and a driver on the coach bus, and Gilbert says none of them were injured.
Ontario Provincial Police Sgt. Peter Leon says the vehicles collided head-on around 2 p.m. Friday on Highway 26 just north of Stayner, Ont., and there are reports it was snowing at the time.
Leon says the bus passengers have been taken to a community centre in Stayner, and another bus was being brought in to pick them up.
Federations election: NBBF accuses NOC scribe of betrayal
The Tijjani Umar-led Board of the Nigeria Basketball Federation, NBBF has faulted claims by the Secretary General of the Nigeria Olympic Committee, NOC Mr. Tunde Popoola that he was not aware of the Federation's election held in Kano on Monday, June 12, 2017.
The NBBF, in a statement signed by its Media Adviser, Patrick Omorodion, said that Mr Popoola was not being sincere about the Kano election because “the NOC is custody of the NBBF ratified Constitution and the election rules and regulation which (it) made input into for the conduct of the election”.
According to the statement, the “NOC was fully aware and briefed on the intention of the NBBF to conduct its election according to its Constitution which is the best practice around the world”.
It stressed that it has succeeded in taking the sport from the highest bidder and would not waste precious time arguing with people and trying to justify the legality or otherwise of the election in Kano or Abuja.
“It is a fact known to all that the Secretary General of the NOC who is aware of all these facts has betrayed the NOC family in Nigeria by pursuing an agenda that is not acceptable to the rest of the NOC Exco and Executive Board,” the NBBF stated.
While stating that it “ has forwarded to the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) and all who should know a full report on the election and will await any action or decision from it”, the NBBF said that Nigeria does not deserve “the intrigues, irregularities, mischief and outright confusion” that characterized the Abuja elections on June 13, 2017″.
The post Federations election: NBBF accuses NOC scribe of betrayal appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Top North Korean official, Pompeo meet to discuss summit
NEW YORK (AP) — A senior North Korean official and the top U.S. diplomat had dinner in New York on Wednesday as President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un try to salvage prospects for a high-stakes nuclear summit. It's the highest-level official North Korean visit to the United States in 18 years.
Kim Yong Chol, the former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's closest aides, landed midafternoon on an Air China flight from Beijing. Associated Press journalists saw the plane taxi down the tarmac before the North's delegation disembarked at JFK International Airport.
During his unusual visit, Kim Yong Chol had dinner for about an hour-and-a-half with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who travelled from Washington to see him. The two planned a “day full of meetings” Thursday, the White House said. Their talks will be aimed at determining whether a meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, originally scheduled for June 12 but later cancelled by Trump, can be restored, U.S. officials have said.
The talks come as preparations for the highly anticipated summit in Singapore were barrelling forward on both sides of the Pacific Ocean, despite lingering uncertainty about whether it will really occur, and when. As Kim and Pompeo were meeting in New York, other U.S. teams were meeting with North Korean officials in Singapore and in the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone.
“If it happens, we'll certainly be ready,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said of the Singapore summit. Regarding the date for the meeting, she added, “We're going to continue to shoot for June 12th.”
——
3 sets of talks aimed at salvaging summit between Trump, Kim
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — A top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States conducting one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump.
Kim Yong Chol is meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York to finalize plans for the summit, while lower-level officials have been meeting at the inter-Korean border and in Singapore for other pre-summit negotiations.
A look at what is at stake in the three sets of talks:
——
U.S. TALKS
——
AP source: Ex-FBI No. 2 official wrote memo on Comey firing
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe drafted a memo on circumstances leading up to the firing of his onetime boss, James Comey, a person familiar with the situation said Wednesday night.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity to The Associated Press to discuss a secret document that has been turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller. His team is investigating whether the Trump campaign co-ordinated with Russia during the 2016 presidential election and whether the president sought to obstruct that inquiry through actions including the firing of Comey last May.
The memo concerns a conversation that McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing. Rosenstein played an important role in that episode, having authored a memo faulting Comey for his handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation that the White House held up as justification for President Donald Trump's decision to fire the FBI director.
Rosenstein has said he wrote a memo laying out his concerns with Comey after learning that the White House intended to fire him.
According to McCabe's memo, Rosenstein indicated to him that he was initially asked to reference the Russia investigation in his own memo on Comey. But the final version didn't include discussion of Russia and focused instead on the Clinton email case.
——
Puerto Rico grid ‘teetering' despite $3.8 billion repair job
CAIN ALTO, Puerto Rico (AP) — After months of darkness and stifling heat, Noe Pagan was overjoyed when power-line workers arrived to restore electricity to his home deep in the lush green mountains of western Puerto Rico. But to his dismay, instead of raising a power pole toppled by Hurricane Maria, the federal contractors bolted the new 220-volt line to the narrow trunk of a breadfruit tree — a safety code violation virtually guaranteed to leave Pagan and his neighbours blacked out in a future hurricane.
“I asked the contractors if they were going to connect the cable to the post and they just didn't answer,” said Pagan, a 23-year-old garage worker.
After an eight-month, $3.8 billion federal effort to try to end the longest blackout in United States history, officials say Puerto Rico's public electrical authority, the nation's largest, is almost certain to collapse again when the next hurricane hits this island of 3.3 million people.
“It's a highly fragile and vulnerable system that really could suffer worse damage than it suffered with Maria in the face of another natural catastrophe,” Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rossello said.
Another weather disaster is increasingly likely as warmer seas turbocharge the strongest hurricanes into even more powerful and wetter storms. Federal forecasters say there's a 75 per cent likelihood that the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season, which begins Friday, will produce between five and nine hurricanes. And there's a 70 per cent chance that as many as four of those could be major Category 3, 4, or 5 hurricanes, with winds of 111 mph (179 kph) or higher.
——
Florida school shooting suspect foretold intention in videos
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying “you're all going to die.”
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces himself in the first video and says he is “going to be the next school shooter of 2018.” He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one he says, “Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin.”
“When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” he says in another and then laughs. “You're all going to die. … Can't wait.”
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that he will take Uber to campus about 2:40. He then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open his bag to take out his weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what he did –the only difference being that he arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
——
Trump planning tariffs on European steel, aluminum
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 per cent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 per cent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
“Realistically, I do not think we can hope” to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, “I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports.”
——
Harvey Weinstein indicted on rape, criminal sex act charges
NEW YORK (AP) — Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said Wednesday's indictment brings Weinstein “another step closer to accountability” for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said he would “vigorously defend” against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. He called the allegations “unsupported” and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare him and “political pressure” made an indictment unavoidable.
“Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein,” the statement said.
——
‘Slain' Russian journalist turns up alive at news conference
Kyiv, Ukraine (AP) — To the gasps, whoops and applause of stunned colleagues, Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko walked into a news conference Wednesday, less than a day after police in the Ukrainian capital said he had been assassinated.
Authorities said his death had been staged to foil a plot on his life by Moscow's security services and one arrest was made. Russia denounced the faked killing as an outlandish attempt at defamation by its neighbour and foe.
Even Babchenko's wife was unaware of the deception, and the 41-year-old Kremlin critic who fled to Ukraine 15 months ago apologized to her “for the hell she had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either.”
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak gave details of the sting operation or how they made his wife believe he was dead.
Kyiv Police Chief Andriy Krishchenko had announced Babchenko's death Tuesday, saying the journalist's wife found him bleeding at their apartment building in Kyiv but that he died en route to the hospital. Lawmaker Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to the interior minister, said the assailant had waited on a staircase in the building and shot Babchenko in the back as he was going to buy bread.
——
ABC and ‘Roseanne': Many warning signs before racist tweet
NEW YORK (AP) — An old picture of Roseanne Barr dressed as Adolf Hitler, wearing a swastika and pulling burnt cookies from an oven, splashed on the front of the New York Daily News Wednesday like a neon sign asking ABC executives: What were you thinking?
Given Barr's past incidents of bad behaviour and questionable social media posts, ABC faced questions Wednesday about why it went back into business with her before it all blew apart. ABC cancelled its successful reboot of “Roseanne” on Tuesday following the star's racist tweet likening former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and a “Planet of the Apes” actor.
Barr continued tweeting on Wednesday, at one point saying the offending tweet was composed at 2 a.m. after she took the insomnia drug Ambien. That led the drugmaker Sanofi to say on social media that “racism is not a known side effect” of their product.
President Donald Trump, noting in a tweet that Robert Iger, CEO of ABC's parent Walt Disney Co., had called Jarrett to apologize, wondered why ABC hadn't apologized for “HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC.”
On social media, Barr wrote that what she said was indefensible, then retweeted several statements others made supporting her. She apologized to those who had lost their jobs because of her action, but also condemned cast members who threw her under the bus, in her words.
——
Caps hold off Knights 3-2 in Game 2, even Stanley Cup Final
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Alex Ovechkin, Braden Holtby and the Washington Capitals stayed cool in the 100-degree Vegas heat and evened the Stanley Cup Final.
Holtby made 37 saves, Ovechkin scored a power-play goal and Lars Eller added a goal and two assists in the Capitals' 3-2 victory over the Vegas Golden Knights in Game 2 on Wednesday night.
The Caps hung on through a scoreless third period for their first Stanley Cup Final victory in franchise history largely because of a bounce-back performance by Holtby, who was battered in Vegas' 6-4 series-opening win.
Holtby capped his energetic performance with a jaw-dropping stick save with 1:59 to play, stretching back to rob Alex Tuch of a possible tying goal.
“We refocus and pick each other up and that's a sign of a good team,” Holtby said. “That's one of our strengths.”
MUSIC: Jube Ft. Ink Edwards – Hustle
Nigerian singer, Oritsejubemi Ojuyah, profoundly called by his stage name ‘Jube' teams up with one of the pioneers of new school wave, Ink Edwards on Joekeyz-produced single, ‘Hustle'.
Jube hails from the northern part of Warri in Delta State, he's the last born of a family of 14, and he grew up in Lagos State where his environmental factors fine-tuned his music. Jube attended Federal University of Technology Akure where he got his first degree before he proceeded to UNILAG to obtain MSc in information technology few years after.
Having been influenced by legendary musicians like, Chief Ebenezar Obey, Sade Adu, Fela Anikulapo Kuti, Lagbaja and Oritzwiliki, the well-schooled and talented Jube serenades with the mixture of soul and jazz over the solid touch of Yoruba indigenous language.
‘Hustle' is a song that talks about the hard work of man supported by God's blessings, “Who Jah Bless no man can curse, only God naim fit do am, Oluwa loun gbeniga,” Jube sings, while Ink Edwards amazingly takes his turn to complement Jube's lyrics by singing about the celebration of blessings showered on them by Oluwa (God).
The song portrays both artistes as masters of language with their impressive blend of Yoruba, English and Pidgin English languages that were used to communicate the lyrics of the song over the appealing beat of Joekeyz to bring out the song's beauty.
Jube's new collaborative effort, ‘Hustle' with Ink Edwards who has successfully carved a niche for himself in the Nigeria Music Industry through his unique style of music, further established the ‘Baddest' crooner as an artiste who has all it takes to churn out top-notch songs.
Listen to ‘Hustle' and check out the official lyrics video below;
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Jube-Ft.-Ink-Edwards-Hustle.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
Watch official lyrics video below;
The post MUSIC: Jube Ft. Ink Edwards – Hustle appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ORLANDO, Fla. -- With US national team hopes precariously poised before a massive night at Orlando City Stadium, a clutch 4-0 rout of Panama gave Bruce Arena's team both a crucial three points and a critical psychological boost on the road to Russia 2018.
Although the job is far from done, with another critical match in Trinidad & Tobago still awaiting next Tuesday, the difference in the team's communal psyche was clear to see and hear after a one-sided game that had the men in red in comfortable training ground mode long before the end.
Fans could almost be forgiven for wondering “Stress? What stress?” as Jozy Altidore's brace separated glorious goals by rising superstar Christian Pulisic and Bundesliga regular Bobby Wood in a win that has given the US a glimpse of the finish line.
“We are well placed to hopefully get to Russia [after that],” Arena insisted. “Despite what some people think, we have had a good year, and that was certainly a good win for our team.
“Last November we were 0-2 with a minus five goal differential, so we have had a 10-goal change since then and we are doing well. We have advanced from sixth to third and we know we just have to finish it off now.”
Arena's calm, assured approach was certainly in evidence throughout the team, with the return of DeAndre Yedlin among numerous strong performances in the eyes of the coach.
“I was happy to get him back in,” Arena pointed out. “He took their No. 8 out of the game and played against some very good players tonight and looked good. He continues to grow and definitely helps the team.”
The former LA Galaxy and D.C. United boss had plenty of love to go around, though, especially for an attacking trio of Altidore, Wood and Pulisic that were so dominant early on.
“You can't do much better than that," Arena said. "We wanted to push five players forward in attack as aggressively as we could, and those three were central to what we wanted to do. We might have had more goals, as we didn't finish particularly well, but we have definitely done the job tonight.”
Arena expects his men to be equally prepared on Tuesday night to clinch a place in Russia next summer. He insists he is taking nothing for granted against a Trinidad and Tobago side that is already eliminated. But he clearly expects the US to complete the task.
“They [Trinidad] can play relaxed or very aggressive. I suspect they are going to be a handful,” he insisted. “So we have to respect our opposition, put the right players on the field and understand the conditions [out there]. It is up to us to get those things right.”
C/League: Salah becomes first African to score 10 goals in single season
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah has become the first African player to score 10 goals in a single Champions League (CL) campaign, FIFA says on its Twitter handle @Fifacom. The Egyptian has surpassed Samuel Eto'o's record for most goals scored by an African player in a single CL season. Salah scored two first half goals for his team against AS Roma in the first leg Champions league semi final encounter at Liverpool which eventually ended 5-2 in favour of Juergen Kloop's side on Tuesday.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BONN, Germany (AP) — Foreign ministers from most of the world's leading powers are heading to a diplomatic summit of the Group of 20 industrialized and emerging economies in Germany, with all eyes on the new U.S. Secretary of State for clues about the direction Washington will take over the next four years.
At the talks Thursday and Friday in the western city of Bonn, U.S. allies are seeking reassurances from Rex Tillerson that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump won't ditch a decade of close cooperation among G-20 nations on climate change, international development and the global economy.
Russia, China, Saudi Arabia and Turkey, meanwhile, are looking to gauge the man they'll be dealing with on some of the more sensitive areas of foreign policy in the coming years — including conflicts in Syria and Ukraine, territorial disputes in the South China Sea and nuclear disarmament.
"The issue for any country that's not America is to try and flesh out what Trump means by 'America first,'" said Christopher Smart, a fellow at the Chatham House think tank and former Obama administration adviser on international economic affairs.
A shift away from multilateral diplomacy could see U.S. allies pitted against each other in a bid for Washington's attention, opening up new battle lines. At the same time, smaller countries could be left to pick up the cost of financing international organizations — as well as the burden of behind-the-scenes negotiations — previously shouldered largely by the State Department.
So far, Tillerson has struck a more moderate tone than Trump, suggesting a desire for continuity rather than a radical break with the past, Smart said. How that will work in practice, and who genuinely has the new president's ear, is something diplomats will be trying to find out both in the summit's two working sessions and during a flurry of bilateral meetings at a German government guest house on a mountain overlooking the River Rhine.
"Russia would be a very interesting conversation to hear," said Smart, noting that the G-20 meeting comes days after Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned over his contacts with Moscow.
This week's talks are also seen as a dress rehearsal for Germany's hosting of the G-20 leaders in Hamburg on July 7-8, which Trump has said he'll attend.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to downplay differences with Trump — who called her refugee policy "a total disaster" — by stressing Berlin's willingness to cooperate with his administration. Earlier this month, she sent her foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, to Washington to meet with Tillerson within hours of his Senate confirmation.
Gabriel, who is also new to the post following a recent Cabinet reshuffle, said Wednesday that talks among the G-20 — which also includes Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, South Korea and several European countries — are key to ensuring that foreign policy is "more than crisis management."
"We would be well-advised not to constantly run from one blaze to the next with the fire extinguisher," he said, stressing the importance of preventing crises. Germany saw first-hand two years ago how conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan led to an unprecedented movement of refugees into Europe, with a lasting impact on the continent.
Without mentioning the United States by name, Gabriel said problems caused by terrorism, water shortage and humanitarian emergencies couldn't be tackled through isolation. "Climate change can't be fought using barbed wire," he said.
Still, few believe that this year's G-20 meetings will be as harmonious as Germany's stewardship of the G-7 format two years ago, which produced pictures of Merkel and Obama strolling across an Alpine meadow.
Left-wing groups are planning a protest Thursday near the conference venue, which for decades was home to West Germany's parliament before the capital was moved to Berlin following the country's reunification.
Bonn has since become an example of Germany's vision for multilateral diplomacy, hosting numerous international organizations and United Nations offices with a particular focus on climate change — an issue the new U.S. administration has expressed skepticism about.
___
Follow Frank Jordans on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/wirereporter
A bronze statue of women's rights campaigner Millicent Fawcett was unveiled Tuesday outside Britain's Parliament — the first woman to be commemorated there alongside statues of 11 men including Nelson Mandela, Abraham Lincoln and Winston Churchill.
Fawcett was president of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies and a key campaigner in the movement that secured British women over 30 the right to vote in 1918. She lived to see women get the same voting rights as men 10 years later, dying in 1929 aged 82.
The statue by artist Gillian Wearing shows the campaigner holding a banner proclaiming "Courage calls to courage everywhere," a phrase from one of her speeches.
The statue was erected in Parliament Square after a petition was started by feminist activist Caroline Criado Perez, who previously led a successful campaign for Jane Austen to be depicted on a British banknote.
At an unveiling ceremony attended by senior lawmakers, Prime Minister Theresa May said that "I would not be standing here today as prime minister ... were it not for one truly great woman: Dame Millicent Garret Fawcett."
"History has many authors. In our own small way we each help to shape the world in which we live," May said.
"But few of us can claim to have made an impact as significant and lasting as Dame Millicent, and it is right and proper that, today, she takes her place at the heart of our democracy."
Trees along Linden Street in Bethlehem are being cut down as part of a PPL Electric Utilities reliability upgrade, the company said Monday.
The removal began about two weeks ago and is expected to wrap up by the end of this week, said Kurt Blumenau, spokesman for the Allentown-based electricity provider.
Among the trees were pines, some about 50 years old, that stood between Holy Saviour Cemetery and Linden Street. The cemetery is owned by the Diocese of Allentown, which is looking into replacing them with smaller varieties at least 25 feet from the power lines, spokesman Matt Kerr said.
Handled by a contractor, Asplundh Tree Expert Co., the work is part of PPL's rebuild of an electricity-distribution line in that area. The tree removal is geared more toward long-term reliability than short-term construction, Blumenau noted.
"Trees are a leading cause of outages, especially during storms," he said.
Have your say on Da Vinci Science City
The remainder of the trees to be removed extend north to Macada Road, Blumenau said. North of there, only tree trimming is planned, he said.
A distribution line carries a lower voltage than a transmission line and serves a localized area.
The new line is designed to be stronger and more reliable than the existing one, Blumenau said.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Heading into the 2016-2017 season, New York Jets fans were optimistic and ready for “the next step.” Instead, the Jets backed us up a few hundred steps.
Here's to a New Year, and the season that could've been, but never was. Coming off that ego-boosting 10-6 campaign that ended in classic heartbreak, the New York Jets had to prove their worth. They went out and picked up running back Matt Forte, and took steps towards a younger defense with drafting linebacker Darron Lee in the first round. Quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick was coming off a career-and-franchise-best year in 2015, accumulating 31 touchdowns and 15 interceptions. Of course, we all know of the most painful interceptions coming in Week 17.
One of the NFL's top receiving duo would return, as Brandon Marshall and Eric Decker looked to lead New York to the Promise Land. The defense, that was superior in all aspects last year, were anticipated to repeat (look at us now). All in all, 2016 was thought to be “the year.” A healthy mix of veterans, and the efficiency of all skill positions last season were supposed to combine for a feared team. Instead, we got the 2012-2014 Jets all over again. Fans were set back into reality and told to sit back for a while yet again because it's what we are accustomed to.
Injuries that plagued the once-promising season
The Jets were destroyed by injuries this season, having vital players at key positions take seats on the Reserve/Injured list. New York was tied with the San Diego Chargers for most-in-the-league on IR with 24 players. Here's a list of who I believe served as the biggest hits of the season:
Clearly, after starting 1-5, there was little-to-no hope for New York in regards to the playoffs, and overall as a franchise. By Week 9, with Decker, Henderson, Giacomini and Clady on IR, it was clear that this year would be tormented with injuries. It was just a feeling of “this is exactly what we DON'T need.”
Our offensive line was depleted, and with Fitz having a less-than-mediocre year already, there was no way this team would survive without Decker outside to compliment Brandon Marshall. Wide receiver Quincy Enunwa had proven himself early, but he's no Decker; not just yet. The injuries later in the year from Week 10+ were just morale-killing. Seeing center Nick Mangold go down was painful to watch, as he has been one of if not the most influential and consistent Jet since being drafted in 2006.
The Fitzpatrick Experiment, and why it shouldn't have been done
Front offices around the league were in awe after Brock Osweiler signed a huge contract with the Houston Texans. Four years, $72m with more-than-half of that guaranteed within two years. All for a backup quarterback that played well in a handful of games? This meant that quarterbacks, such as Ryan Fitzpatrick, were going to want to be paid. If someone like Osweiler gets paid, why wouldn't someone who set a franchise-record gets paid too?
After what seemed like a million years spent of whining, and non-contact with teammates and coaches, Fitz finally got what he wanted. A one-year, $12M deal was agreed upon, and it was a good deal. Signing this guy, knowing he won't be a franchise quarterback. But, he blew your opportunity of going 11-5 (imagine that) and hitting the playoffs in stride. He's known for being extremely inconsistent, and wherever Fitz lands, he does exactly what he showed in New York. One good year, filled with disappointment (Week 17), but “he's done enough to earn another opportunity.” Clearly, he's made great progress with his opportunity this year (kidding).
We, as fans, have to relax and know we can't be optimistic with this team
More from The Jet Press
As foreshadowed with the Fitzpatrick segment, Jets fans have to realize that we can't be optimistic. No matter what, you can't be. This season should've been expected, right? The 2015 dream year that was disrupted by the ghosts of the Jets' past gave fans a hint of what was to come. They did a great job last year of building us up to yet again tear us down, and why would this year be anything different?
I wrote an article earlier in October about the culture of the Jets, and why we've turned “same old Jets” into the team's slogan. This season was a prime example. Veterans like Forte and Marshall promised a lot before the campaign went underway.
Forte came to New York to win a title this year. Clearly, that hasn't come to form. Is it too late? Yeah, maybe just a bit. Marshall came out and challenged who I believe is the best receiver in football; Antonio Brown. The wager was for who had the most receiving yards at seasons-end. Marshall wagered his Porsche, with Brown wagering his Rolls-Royce. Stupid? Yes. Winnable? No way. Both are at two different ends of the spectrum. Brown is catching passes from a Pro Football Hall of Fame quarterback, and Marshall is working with a quarterback as inconsistent as my college's internet connection.
The whole wager and overall idea of this made me mad. Why? Because it was unnecessary. Focus on the season. Focus on making the NFL Playoffs once in your career. Fix what you broke last season; Jets fans' hearts (I just did that. Deal with it).
This year versus last
Everyone talked about the dominance of the Jets' defense last year. Darrelle Revis slowed down but was still efficient. The defensive line was stacked. Damon Harrison, Sheldon Richardson, Muhammad Wilkerson, and now the addition of then-rookie Leonard Williams. David Harris led the team yet again in tackles, defining the aging-theory. All around, the experiment of “built to win now” was proving to be a success. What happened this year? Harrison went across-the-stadium to the New York Giants, Richardson and Wilkerson played undisciplined, and the secondary was sour. REVIS JUST GOT HIS FIRST PICK OF THE YEAR! Sorry, I'm writing this while watching the game. Almost a pick-six! Back to the article.
Regression of the secondary
Revis' age showed this year, as he was beaten off the ball left and right to guys like Chris Hogan and Terrelle Pryor. Buster Skrine proved that he's really not an every-play corner, and is more suitable back in the dime package. Marcus Gilchrist was absolutely horrible this year, as I saw him shag-off of help coverage more than everyone in the league combined. Also, Marcus Williams has downplayed all year. After leading the team in interceptions (6) last year, Williams has two. But he was picked on all season, especially against Big Ben and the Pittsburgh Steelers. On the third play of that game, Williams was beaten by Sammie Coates for a 72-yard touchdown on a go-route.
Regression of the defensive front
Along with the atrocious play from the secondary, came that of the defensive line. As stated before, Richardson and Wilkerson were unmotivated all year and undoubtedly undisciplined. With social media and missing team meetings, both proved they are not leaders of this team. That being said, I was so happy for “Big Cat” Leonard Williams, who won the team's MVP. Most-deserving, for sure. This kid is going to be a monster, as he's already showing flashes of greatness. They finished with 24 sacks compared to last year's 39.
But, there was something to like about the season; the young guys
As the season came to a close, I continued to see some great play by the young guns on this team. Here's my top three:
1. Running Back Bilal Powell
Powell scorched fantasy teams around the league after getting the starting nod Week 14 against the San Fransisco 49ers. He had his most productive season as a Jet since 2013. This year, he rushed for 600 yards on the dot on 109 carries and three touchdowns, averaging 5.5 yards-a-carry. In 2013, Powell had 176 rushes for 697 yards and a lone touchdown, averaging 4 yards-a-carry. Although there were more touches in 2013, Powell did a lot more with fewer carries than he did three years ago. Receiving-wise, the back had a career-high 53 receptions for 373 yards and one touchdown. The Jets need to be smart with Powell, and please please please, utilize him next year. I'd love to have Powell start, and part ways with Forte.
2. Linebacker Darron Lee
After picking this kid up in the first round, I was ecstatic. I thought “he's a different linebacker. Fast and smaller but strong. He can learn so much from David Harris.” Lee played in 12 games and started eight. Accumulating 66 combined tackles, Lee was tied with Leonard Williams for second on the team in the category. Early in the year, Lee was playing hyped, but a bit too hyped. I mean, I would be too. You're a rookie, playing in New York, living the dream and getting paid big bucks for it, as well. But the over-aggressiveness from Lee costed him in pass coverage, where he really struggled this season. He couldn't match up against tight ends, and when getting mismatched against receivers, it wasn't pretty.
3. Wide Receiver Quincy Enunwa
Enunwa emerged immediately in Week 1 against the Cincinnati Bengals, and followed that up with another strong performance against the Buffalo Bills in Week 2. Combined, Enunwa had 13 catches for 146 yards and a touchdown. He would only have five-or-more catches three times after those weeks, as the story of his season turned from special, to inconsistent. The inconsistency is mostly to blame on the quarterback play. Enunwa was catching passes from three out of the four quarterbacks on the Jets' roster. He, like Darron Lee, is another hybrid player on the Jets' roster. It's been said all year that Enunwa can fly by linebackers and outmuscle corners. He put it on display, tallying 58 receptions for 857 yards and four touchdowns. With Brandon Marshall sitting out Week 17, Enunwa claimed the top-receiver spot for the Jets in the 2016-2017 season.
So, it's all over…
This was by far the fastest I've felt a season go by. I want to thank everyone that has taken the time out of your day to go over and read my articles, as you all are what I love about this career path. Now, it's time to forget about this season and work towards researching and talking about the next. I wish you all a Happy New Year, and can't wait to write more for you in 2017. And, even though this wasn't the season we all hoped for, we are all fans of the Jets. That being said, go Jets, and give us something to look forward to in the years to come!
This article originally appeared on
LONGBOAT KEY, Fla. (WFLA) – Longboat Key Police have made an arrest in a near fatal hit-and-run accident that happened on April 2.
Michael McCormick, 67, was riding his bike along Gulf of Mexico Drive when he was hit and suffered a severe brain injury.
Witnesses told police the driver who hit him immediately sped off.
McCormick's wife found him on the ground moments later.
Now, police have arrested Michael Rowe Jr., 29, of Sarasota.
Police Chief Peter Cumming said a detective in his department reviewed security camera video and then video from cameras on the island that have license plate recognition software to lead them to Rowe.
“During that investigative process, ran down a bunch of dead-end leads and one true positive lead. The detective went to the registered owner's residence, found the pickup truck with the front end damage, the suspect that was driving and the passenger that was in the car, and made the arrest,” said Cumming.
Rowe has a lengthy criminal background, including several arrests for drug possession.
Rowe's father said he is very disappointed in his son.
“There was no reason for him to drive off from that accident,” said Michael Rowe Sr.
Rowe said he is very sorry for the victim's family.
Chief Cumming said Michael Rowe Jr.'s girlfriend was with him in the truck and admitted that Rowe knew he hit the bicyclist.
Cumming said the girlfriend told the detective they had both been drinking and didn't want to stop.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
By FOSTER KLUG and KIM TONG-HYUNGAssociated Press
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Even as North Korea presented leader Kim Jong-un with plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam and "wring the windpipes of the Yankees," both Koreas and the United States signaled their willingness to avert a deepening crisis Tuesday, with each suggesting a path toward negotiations.
The tentative interest in diplomacy follows unusually combative threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea amid worries that Pyongyang is nearing its long-sought goal of accurately being able to send a nuclear missile to the U.S. mainland. Next week's start of U.S.-South Korean military exercises that enrage the North each year make it unclear, however, if diplomacy will prevail.
During an inspection of the North Korean army's Strategic Forces, which handles the missile program, Kim praised the military for drawing up a "close and careful plan" and said he would watch the "foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees" a little more before deciding whether to order the missile test, the North's state-run Korean Central News Agency said. Kim appeared in photos sitting at a table with a large map marked by a straight line between what appeared to be northeastern North Korea and Guam, and passing over Japan - apparently showing the missiles' flight route.
The missile plans were previously announced, and Kim said North Korea would conduct the launches if the "Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity" and that the United States should "think reasonably and judge properly" to avoid shaming itself, the news agency said.
Lobbing missiles toward Guam, a major U.S. military hub in the Pacific, would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective, and a miscalculation on either side could lead to a military clash. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United Sates would take out any such missile seen to be heading for American soil and declared any such North Korean attack could mean war.
Kim's comments, however, with their conditional tone, seemed to hold out the possibility that friction could ease if the United States made some sort of gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous "extremely dangerous reckless actions." This might be difficult as the United States and South Korea prepare for their military drills next week.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in, meanwhile, a liberal who favors engagement with the North, urged North Korea to stop provocations and to commit to talks over its nuclear weapons program.
Moon, in a televised speech Tuesday on the anniversary of the end of World War II and the Korean Peninsula's liberation from Japanese colonial rule, said that Seoul and Washington agree that the crisis over the North's nuclear program should "absolutely be solved peacefully," and that no U.S. military action on the Korean Peninsula could be taken without Seoul's consent.
Moon says solving the crisis could begin with freezing the North's nuclear weapons program, and the North could create conditions for talks by stopping nuclear and missile tests.
"Our government will put everything on the line to prevent another war on the Korean Peninsula," Moon. "Regardless of whatever twist and turns we could experience, the North Korean nuclear program should absolutely be solved peacefully, and the (South Korean) government and the U.S. government don't have a different position on this."
The chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford, on Monday met with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media, and made comments that appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety while also showing a willingness to back Trump's warnings if need be.
Dunford said the United States wants to peacefully resolve tensions with North Korea, but Washington is also ready to use the "full range" of its military capabilities in case of provocation.
Dunford is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military "locked and loaded" and said he was ready to unleash "fire and fury" if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
North Korea's military had said last week it would finalize and send to Kim for approval the plan to fire four ballistic missiles near Guam, which is about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang.
The plans are based on the Hwasong-12, a new missile the country successfully flight-tested for the first time in May. The liquid-fuel missile is designed to be fired from road mobile launchers and has been previously described by North Korea as built for attacking Alaska and Hawaii.
The North followed the May launch with two flight tests of its Hwasong-14 ICBM last month. Analysts said that a wide swath of the continental United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, could be within reach of those missiles, once they're perfected.
The North's latest report said Kim ordered his military to be prepared to launch the missiles toward Guam at any time. If the "planned fire of power demonstration" is carried out because of U.S. recklessness, Kim said it will be "the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks," the North reported.
North Korea is angry about new United Nations sanctions over its expanding nuclear weapons and missile program and the upcoming military drills between Washington and Seoul.
Kim said that the United States must "make a proper option first and show it through action, as it committed provocations after introducing huge nuclear strategic equipment into the vicinity of the peninsula" and that it "should stop at once arrogant provocations" against North Korea, state media said.
___
AP writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul and Bob Burns in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump has laid out a new plan for tackling the deadly opioid epidemic that has ravaged communities across the nation. But some of the president's proposals have proven ineffective in the past.
From renewing his call for “spending a lot of money” on commercials to scare young people from experimenting with drugs, to pushing for the death penalty for certain drug dealers, Trump's ideas are sometimes driven more by his gut instincts than past success.
A look at some of his claims:
TRUMP: “That's the least expensive thing we can do, where you scare them from ending up like the people in the commercials. And we'll make them very, very bad commercials. We'll make them pretty unsavoury situations.” — Speech in New Hampshire on Monday.
THE FACTS: There is some evidence that anti-drug messages focused on teenagers' need for independence can be effective. But the older “scared straight” approach described by Trump has shown few positive results.
Between 1998 and 2004, the U.S. government spent nearly $1 billion on a national campaign designed to discourage young people from using illegal drugs, particularly marijuana.
A 2008 follow-up study funded by the National Institutes of Health found the campaign “had no favourable effects on youths' behaviour” and may actually have prompted some to experiment with drugs — an unintended “boomerang” effect.
——
TRUMP: “Take a look at some of these countries where they don't play games. They don't have a drug problem.” — Speech in New Hampshire on Monday.
THE FACTS: Trump's suggestion that nations that execute drug dealers don't have problems with drugs is not backed up by data.
Trump didn't name countries in his speech Monday. But he's previously pointed to Singapore as a model for enforcement. The group Harm Reduction International says Singapore executed eight people for drug trafficking from 2015 to 2017.
Singapore doesn't publish reliable data on drug use, according to Rick Lines, executive director of the group. But he said attempting to use Singapore as a model of effectiveness for the death penalty is “ludicrous” in an essay published Monday by the news website The Conversation.
An annual report from Singapore's narcotics bureau shows seizures of methamphetamine and cannabis increased in 2016 over the previous year, with heroin seizures remaining stable, Lines wrote.
——
TRUMP: “Some of these drug dealers will kill thousands of people during their lifetime — thousands of people — and destroy many more lives than that. But they will kill thousands of people during their lifetime, and they'll get caught and they'll get 30 days in jail. Or they'll go away for a year, or they'll be fined.” — Speech in New Hampshire on Monday.
THE FACTS: Under federal law, individuals can be sentenced to death for intentionally killing someone during a drug crime or as part of a drug enterprise. But that doesn't mean they will be. The Death Penalty Information Project cites just 14 death row inmates whose crimes were drug-related.
And when Trump referred to dealers killing thousands of people, he was likely referring to accidental overdose deaths caused by their products. Those aren't under that so-called kingpin statute.
There are other federal laws that could be construed to allow prosecutors to seek the death penalty against traffickers when a certain amount of drugs or money is involved and there has been no killing, but no administration has ever successfully pursued a death sentence under them.
Also, some federal mandatory minimum sentences for certain drug crimes carry sentences of 10 to 20 years, or even life in prison, not just fines or 30-day jail stints.
——
Johnson reported from Seattle. Associated Press writers Sadie Gurman and Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
——
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
A look at the veracity of claims by political figures.
Meijer is announcing a recall of its Meijer Brand Colby Cheese and Colby Jack Cheese sold exclusively through its deli counters due to a potential contamination with Listeria monocytogenes. The Meijer Brand Colby Cheese and Colby Jack Cheese were sold in Meijer stores from Nov. 10, 2016 to Feb. 9, 2017.
Meijer received notice of a possible Listeria monocytogenes contamination from MDS Foods, a Meijer supplier that sources the Meijer branded cheeses from Deutsch Kase Haus, a cheese manufacturer based in Indiana. MDS Foods informed Meijer of a potential contamination, which had been identified by the manufacturer.
The recalled product will be in plastic deli packaging with printed labels that have a UPC code of 215927XXXXXX or 215938XXXXXX: the last six digits will vary, and are determined by weight of the product since the product was purchased at the deli counter.
Ho hum, another year, another AFC East title for the New England Patriots and a high seed in the playoffs.
You can count on it every year.
But this year was a bit different for New England — there were a few more undulations in the ride to the top seed in the AFC playoffs.
Four games without Tom Brady brought into question the Pats' ability to win without the future Hall of Fame quarterback and then a shocking midseason trade of Jamie Collins and a season-ending injury to Rob Gronkowski took away the team's two best players from last season.
And yet New England won 14 games.
It's hardly a bold prediction (we're doing them for every team, and some are going to get extremely bold), but here are the three reasons the Patriots are going to cruise through the AFC Playoffs and win Super Bowl LI.
Getty Images
Destiney Clark is Vanyur's girlfriend, and also faces neglect charges, among others. (Source: LMDC)
Danielle Vanyur and two other women are each facing multiple charges in connection with the alleged neglect of her mother. (Source: LMDC)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A Louisville woman, her girlfriend and a third woman are facing serious charges in a neglect case.
>> MUGSHOTS: December 2017 Roundup
Danielle Vanyur and the other two women were supposed to be taking care of her mother from November 2016 to April 2017.
Instead, the three women neglected Vanyur's mother, let trash and pet feces pile up around the house and used her debit card to make more than $5,000 in personal purchases, according to an arrest report.
Vanyur; her girlfriend, Destiney Clark and a third person, Paige Heavrin, all face charges of abuse/neglect of an adult, exploitation of an adult and fraudulent use of a credit card.
The arrest report indicated that Vanyur's mother suffered from bed sores and became septic, a condition that required her to be hospitalized several times.
The house became infested with roaches and fleas, and the trash and pet feces that collected reached two feet in height in some parts of the home, the arrest report said.
There was an agreement that the three women would help take care of Vanyur's mother and use the victim's funds to pay the bills, which did not happen. That resulted in the electric, water and cable being disconnected, and the home ultimately went into foreclosure.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
There's a prosaic explanation for at least some of the weirdness of "Tabby's star," it would appear.
The bizarre long-term dimming of Tabby's star — also known as Boyajian's star, or, more formally, KIC 8462852 — is likely caused by dust, not a giant network of solar panels or any other "megastructure" built by advanced aliens, a new study suggests.
Astronomers came to this conclusion after noticing that this dimming was more pronounced in ultraviolet (UV) than infrared light. Any object bigger than a dust grain would cause uniform dimming across all wavelengths, study team members said. [13 Ways to Hunt Intelligent Aliens]
"This pretty much rules out the alien megastructure theory, as that could not explain the wavelength-dependent dimming," lead author Huan Meng of the University of Arizona said in a statement. "We suspect, instead, there is a cloud of dust orbiting the star with a roughly 700-day orbital period."
Strange brightness dips
KIC 8462852, which lies about 1,500 light-years from Earth, has generated a great deal of intrigue and speculation since 2015. That year, a team led by astronomer Tabetha Boyajian (hence the star's nicknames) reported that KIC 8462852 had dimmed dramatically several times over the past half-decade or so, once by 22 percent.
No orbiting planet could cause such big dips, so researchers began coming up with possible alternative explanations. These included swarms of comets or comet fragments, interstellar dust and the famous (but unlikely) alien-megastructure hypothesis.
The mystery deepened after the initial Boyajian et al. study. For example, other research groups found that, in addition to the occasional short-term brightness dips, Tabby's star dimmed overall by about 20 percent between 1890 and 1989. In addition, a 2016 paper determined that its brightness decreased by 3 percent from 2009 to 2013.
The new study, which was published online Tuesday (Oct. 3) in The Astrophysical Journal, addresses such longer-term events.
From January 2016 to December 2016, Meng and his colleagues (who include Boyajian) studied Tabby's star in infrared and UV light using NASA's Spitzer and Swift space telescopes, respectively. They also observed it in visible light during this period using the 27-inch-wide (68 centimeters) telescope at AstroLAB IRIS, a public observatory near the Belgian village of Zillebeke.
The observed UV dip implicates circumstellar dust — grains large enough to stay in orbit around Tabby's star despite the radiation pressure but small enough that they don't block light uniformly in all wavelengths, the researchers said.
Mysteries Remain
The new study does not solve all of KIC 8462852's mysteries, however. For example, it does not address the short-term 20 percent brightness dips, which were detected by NASA's planet-hunting Kepler space telescope. (Kepler is now observing a different part of the sky during its K2 extended mission and will not follow up on Tabby's star for the forseeable future.)
And a different study — led by Joshua Simon of the Observatories of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Pasadena, California — just found that Tabby's star experienced two brightening spells over the past 11 years. (Simon and his colleagues also determined that the star has dimmed by about 1.5 percent from February 2015 to now.)
"Up until this work, we had thought that the star's changes in brightness were only occurring in one direction — dimming," Simon said in a statement. "The realization that the star sometimes gets brighter in addition to periods of dimming is incompatible with most hypotheses to explain its weird behavior."
You can read the Simon et al. study for free at the online preprint site arXiv.org.
This story was originally published on Space.com.
NEW YORK — As part of its collection of Babe Ruth items, the Baseball Hall of Fame says it has the bat the slugger used to hit his then-record 60th home run in 1927.
A private collector also claims to own the bat, and he's selling it at auction. PSA/DNA, one of the leading sports memorabilia authenticators, supports his assertion.
The dispute dates back more than 90 years to the original owner of each bat and how he professed to acquire it.
The bat being sold by the anonymous collector can be traced back to Joe E. Brown, the entertainer and vaudeville comedian with whom Ruth had a friendship. Brown said Ruth, who had presented him with the bat the slugger used to hit three home runs in the 1926 World Series, personally gave him the bat used to hit his 60th homer in 1927. The bat is signed, “To Joe E. Brown From Babe Ruth.”
Brown then passed the bat down to his son Joe L. Brown, who was general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1955-76. The younger Brown then sold the bat to a collector.
“There is documentation back to (Joe L.) Brown's ownership and his talking about the bat that goes back to a sports writers' luncheon in 1948,” PSA authenticator Jon Taube told The Associated Press in a phone interview. “Even before that the bat is mentioned from his collection in a 1939 baseball centennial celebration. … We also have a letter that continues the story from his grandson Ty Brown that talks about the bat coming out at Christmas time.”
The bat in the Hall of Fame was given to the museum by sports writer James Kahn in 1939, and Kahn was quoted in the Otsego Farmer — a newspaper in Cooperstown, where the Hall of Fame is located — as saying at the time that then-Yankees manager Miller Huggins gave him the bat after the game on Sept. 30, 1927.
Taube, who has done extensive research on Ruth's bats, doesn't dispute Kahn was given a bat after that game, but he doesn't believe it was the one used for the record-breaking homer.
“It's very unlikely that on Sept. 30, Miller Huggins comes down into the locker room and says, ‘Babe, give me the bat that you broke the record with' and then he hands it to a beat writer,” Taube said. “And we just think it was very unlikely Huggins came out of the dugout and handed him THE bat. He handed him a bat, there's no question about that. Was it the bat that hit the 60th home run? I doubt that very highly.”
Another complicating part of Kahn's story is that he changed the details. Challenged by Brown at the luncheon, Kahn then said he got the bat from Ruth.
“The relationship (Ruth) had with Joe Brown, and the fact he had already gifted him with the 1926 World Series bat,” Taube said, “and especially that the season wasn't over yet when Kahn says Miller Huggins and/or Ruth gave him the bat — we just don't see that happening.”
The Hall of Fame reiterated it is confident the bat in its possession is the one Ruth used to hit the historic homer.
“The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum is dedicated to preserving baseball's history,” Jon Shestakofsky, the Hall's vice-president of communications and education, said in an email to The Associated Press. “One of the institution's primary responsibilities is to ensure that artifacts in our collection are portrayed accurately. When research shows that an object is incorrectly labeled, or when we have been presented with evidence that proves an artifact is misattributed, we resolve the matter appropriately and with transparency.
“The Hall of Fame remains very comfortable with the sound provenance and authenticity of the bat in our collection. The Museum's stance on the bat has not changed since it was accessioned in 1939. Given the lack of proof to the contrary, we will continue to maintain that the bat in our collection is the one Babe Ruth used to hit his 60th home run of 1927.”
Taube said he was not aware of any other instance where there were multiple claims of such a high-profile item. He also wanted to make it clear he wasn't trying to challenge the Hall of Fame.
“I respect them. It's a baseball shrine,” he said. “You have to understand, during the day, there was no provenance. Many of the items that were given to the Hall were presented as, ‘Here's the bat that did this, here's the glove' and there was no follow-up.
“Nobody is perfect.”
Bidding on the bat being sold by the anonymous collector through Heritage Auctions runs through May 18. In full disclosure for potential buyers, the story of the existence of the bat in the Hall of Fame is detailed on the item's listing.
——
Follow Vin Cherwoo at http://www.twitter.com/VinACherwoo
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The roadwork in downtown Youngstown is a big inconvenience, bringing less parking, more traffic, and longer routes. There are only two weeks left, though, and one group is eagerly waiting for the project's completion.
This is the second week of the project, which has closed the main road through downtown. Central Square is closed for repaving and Market Street, Wick Avenue, W. Federal Street, and Federal Plaza East are also affected.
Forest Davis said he's finding it tough to get around in his wheelchair.
“I leave early for any of my appointments.”
Davis has to spin his wheelchair around and go backward over some of the bumps. It's taking more time and he has to be careful with the route he chooses.
“When you gotta go one way and you don't have a ramp or you have a big dip inside of the curb, it's hard,” Davis said.
The concrete has been poured for new wheelchair ramps downtown at each intersection. When the roads are repaved next week, it should make the ride a lot smoother. Those in wheelchairs will be able to go across the street and smoothly back up to the sidewalk.
“Hopefully they'll get them evened out enough that it will be just a ride across,” Cindy Anderson said.
Davis can't wait for the improvement.
“It will be twice as good because you don't have a 2-inch lip between the cement and the wheelchair ramp,” he said.
For now, they'll have to negotiate the bumps and wait for the sidewalks and curbs to be finished.
“Most of the streets are closed. It's hard to find a street that you can go without the road being closed. Hopefully, they'll get it done when they say they're going to,” Anderson said.
Businesses are also ready for the roadwork to be over. Barry Silver, with Silver's Vogue Shop, said it's frustrating.
“It's not like I knew this was gonna happen. I found out last Monday when I came into work. Nobody from the city said, ‘We're going to close the street for three weeks and resurface.'”
He said it's slowed business down.
“People can't get in or out of town because of the closing of streets and less parking available.”
It's also difficult to make a delivery downtown right now.
The roads, sidewalks, and curbs should be completed on August 26.
One of the Chappelle's Show's most famous skits is the Making the Band parody, featuring the line “Dylan, Dylan, Dylan…” The person Chappelle was making fun of was Dylan Dilinjah, who was a member of the show's eponymous band. Dylan and Dave Chappelle also have apparently never actually met. That changed last Thursday at Chappelle's party at the House of Vans, where he met up with the former reality show star. Chappelle didn't forget to recite the skit's most famous line for this historic occasion.
Watch the meeting below. Also, Dylan still raps: He mentions in the video's caption that he has a new album coming on September 15.
1 of 7
The Santa Clarita Valley got a dusting of powder six years ago today.
Share your memories and photos from that day in the comments!
Here's our original story from Jan. 2, 2011.
By Austen Montero, Signal Staff Writer
Snow, ice and frozen sleet blanketed much of the Santa Clarita Valley on Sunday, causing havoc on the freeways but delighting many youngsters.
Snowflakes started falling about 1 p.m. in Saugus. By 2:30 p.m., sleet was falling in Valencia, turning to ice that clung to rooftops and whitening the ground like a Christmas card.
Some residents were confused; others were elated.
“I just got back from New York, and I thought they were putting a trick on me,” said Jing De Los Reyes, 47, of Saugus.
While some residents enjoyed the thin, frosty blanket from their heated homes, others decided to get their hands dirty.
“We saw snow outside and started freaking out,” said Tristan Moreno, 16, of Saugus. “We started building snowmen.”
The low snow level caught weather forecasters by surprise, too.
“The snow level dropped about 500 feet lower than we had expected, to about 1,500 feet,” said Jamie Meier, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service.
A special weather statement issued Sunday afternoon said snow was likely to continue until the early morning hours today, with 1 inch to 3 inches falling in the Santa Clarita Valley.
The storm was expected to turn to showers by Monday morning as it moved east across Southern California.
California Highway Patrol officers closed Interstate 5 over the Grapevine north of the SCV in both directions about 1 p.m. as blowing snow and ice made driving conditions unsafe.
By Sunday night, the hazardous driving conditions had extended to the Newhall Pass, with cars slipping and sliding on The Old Road at Weldon Canyon Road. CHP officials said many cars were stuck but had been towed to a safe area.
Numerous weather-related problems were reported on both the I-5 and Highway 14.
According to a CHP website, vehicles were stalled up and down the I-5 and Highway 14 Sunday afternoon and evening.
Most of the hazards were cleared quickly, CHP officials said.
However, on SCV surface streets there were few problems, said Sgt. Michael Konecny at the Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff's Station.
“Since the snow started, I haven't heard of any collisions,” Konecny said. “Believe it or not, I think people are actually slowing down.”
The National Weather Service said showers will taper off throughout today and the rest of the week will be dry but chilly, with temperatures in the high 50s to low 60s.
The European Union Commission and most of the major parliamentary groups are making a final push to approve a landmark trade deal with Canada ahead of a decisive vote in the EU's legislature.
At the same time, hundreds of protesters were already outside the parliament building in Strasbourg, France, arguing that instead of growth and jobs, such a deal will bring an erosion of environmental, labor and consumer standards.
Ahead of the noon vote, EU trade Chief Cecilia Malmstrom tried to assuage concerns that the deal uniting some 500 million Europeans with 35 million Canadians would cut into the independence of EU decision-making. She said it "will not change food safety standards or any other EU requirements, only the EU institutions can do that."
Owensboro Police are blocking the exit ramp of the bypass for eastbound traffic heading onto Frederica Street.
The Hazardous Device Unit is at the Goetz Drive Super 8 motel to remove a suspicious device.
People are asked to avoid the area until about 4:00 p.m. Friday.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Even struggling from the field, Russell Westbrook managed to record a triple-double, and he converted two game-winning free throws in overtime.
Westbrook's free throws with 5.2 seconds left gave him 20 points on the night to go with 14 assists and 11 rebounds as the Oklahoma City Thunder rallied for a 102-101 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday night.
The Thunder overcame a 20-point first-half deficit, the second consecutive game that the Grizzlies have squandered a big lead in a losing effort. Memphis led by 17 against Toronto on Friday night before losing to the Raptors.
“It was the extra kind of urgency,” said Thunder centre Steven Adams, who along with Carmelo Anthony led Oklahoma City with 21 points and nine rebounds each. “We tried to speed up the game as well with tempo. We were just playing too slow, allowing them to get into their defence. The change of tempo was good.”
After chipping into the 20-point Memphis lead, the Thunder still trailed 57-46 at intermission. The change of pace and a defence that allowed the Grizzlies only nine points in the third quarter, helped erase the Memphis lead.
The teams were tied at 92 after regulation as Andrew Harrison blocked Westbrook's 3-point attempt at the end of the fourth.
Alex Abrines, starting for the injured Paul George, made two 3-pointers in the early stages of overtime to keep Oklahoma City tied with Memphis. Abrines would match Westbrook's 20 points to lead the Thunder – the 20 points was Abrines' career-high. He converted 6 of 8 from outside the arc.
“I just felt confident this morning,” Abrines said, “and I hit the first three (3-pointers) I shot, so that gave me a lot of confidence.”
Tyreke Evans led Memphis with 29 points and 13 rebounds, while Marc Gasol finished with 22 points. Ben McLemore contributed a season-best 17 points as the Grizzlies lost their third straight and 14th of the last 15.
“We had our chances. Over and over again, we had our chances,” Memphis interim coach J. B. Bickerstaff said. “We can't afford to let these games slip.
“We had our opportunities. We let it slip away from us.”
TIP-INS
Thunder: George did not play because of a right calf injury. Abrines started his second game of the season. … Adams has reached double figures in five straight games. . Westbrook has eight triple-doubles on the season. . The Thunder are 3-10 on the road this season.
Grizzlies: F Chandler Parsons did not play, resting on the second night of a back-to-back. … The 20-point lead in the first half was the largest this season for Memphis. … Memphis scored nine points in the third quarter, a season-low for any period this season.
CLOSING OUT QUARTERS
Oklahoma City cut into Memphis leads with strong final minutes in the second and third quarters. After Memphis took its 20-point lead in the second, the Thunder reeled off 13 straight points to get back in the game before the break. Then, in the third, the Thunder used a 12-3 run to erase an 8-point Memphis lead.
BLOWING LEADS
The 20-point lead, the biggest of the season for Memphis, disappeared quickly, and despite hanging on for overtime, the Grizzlies again didn't take advantage of the early performance. “Basketball happened. They made runs,” Gasol said.
FINAL WORD
The Grizzlies frustration is in full force. “We have to figure out a way to close out these games. It's frustrating. Hard to sleep.” -Harrison.
UP NEXT
Thunder: Face Charlotte at home on Monday.
Grizzlies: Play their third home game in four days when the Miami Heat visit on Monday.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
PRAGUE (AP) — The Czech Republic will have its top players available next weekend for the Fed Cup against Switzerland.
Fifth-ranked Karolina Pliskova, who reached the quarterfinals at the Australian Open, will lead the host Czechs on Feb. 10-11 on an indoor hard court at the O2 Arena.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova will return to the team for the first time since recovering from injuries suffered during a knife attack at her home in December 2016.
Also, Barbora Strycova and Lucie Safarova have been named in the team by captain Petr Pala.
The winner will face Germany or Belarus in the semifinals in April.
(AP Photo/Ng Han Guan). Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and Premier Li Keqiang, right, stand as Vice President Wang Qishan arrives at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in Beijing's Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Chi...
By GILLIAN WONG
Associated Press
BEIJING (AP) - Chinese Premier Li Keqiang appealed to Washington on Tuesday to "act rationally" and avoid disrupting trade over steel, technology and other disputes, promising that Beijing will "open even wider" to imports and investment.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li, the No. 2 Chinese leader, at a news conference held during the meeting of China's ceremonial legislature.
Li made no mention of a possible Chinese response in the event U.S. President Donald Trump raises import barriers over trade complaints against Beijing, but other officials say President Xi Jinping's government is ready to act.
Trump's government has raised import duties on Chinese-made washing machines and other goods and is investigating whether Beijing pressures foreign companies to hand over technology, which might lead to trade penalties. That could invite Chinese retaliation.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," the premier said. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said March 11 that China will "resolutely defend" its interests but gave no details. Business groups have suggested Beijing might target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage, the premier said its investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Li promised more market-opening and other reforms as Xi's government tries to make its cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. He said Beijing will make it easier to start a business and will open more industries to foreign and private competition.
The ruling Communist Party promised in 2013 to give a bigger role to market forces and entrepreneurs who generate most of China's new jobs and wealth. Reform advocates complain they are moving too slowly.
Private sector analysts say Xi, who took power in 2012, might accelerate reform after focusing for his first five-year term as party leader on cementing his status as China's most dominant figure since at least the 1980s.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
Li repeated a promise he made at the March 5 opening of the legislature to "fully open the manufacturing sector" to foreign competitors.
"There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected," he said.
The government has yet to say how that might change conditions for automakers and other manufacturers that are required to work through Chinese partners, which requires them to share technology with potential competitors.
In a sign of Li's reduced status as President Xi Jinping amasses power, the premier was flanked by eight newly promoted economic officials, in contrast to previous years when he appeared alone at the annual news conference.
They included Liu He, a Harvard-trained Xi adviser who was named a vice premier Monday and has told foreign businesspeople he will oversee economic reform. Neither Liu nor any of the other officials spoke at the event.
The premier traditionally is China's top economic official but Xi has stripped Li of his most prominent duties by appointing himself to lead ruling party bodies that oversee economic reform and finance policy.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
With an attractive shape and lightweight carbon fiber chassis, the Alfa Romeo 4C seems to have a lot going for it. But the response to Alfa's svelte sports car has been decidedly mixed. Alfa will try to address some of the issues in an upcoming refresh, but it won't add one item sure to please enthusiasts: A manual transmission.
An updated 4C will appear in fall 2018 and go on sale in January 2019, Alfa Romeo and Maserati engineering boss Roberto Fedeli said in an interview with Autocar. The updates will include changes to the suspension and steering, and possibly a new engine, but will not include a manual transmission option.
The 4C was designed around driver engagement, so Alfa's decision to offer it only with a six-speed dual-clutch transmission has always seemed at odds with the car's mission. Alfa was so committed to creating an old-school feel that it ditched power steering completely, in order to provide the purest sensation. The 4C also features a carbon fiber monocoque chassis similar to what you expect to find in high-end supercars. That, and a lack of creature comforts, keeps the curb weight of a U.S.-spec 4C coupe at an impressively low 2,465 pounds.
In an age where automotive journalists routinely complain about numb electric power steering and the bloat caused by modern convenience features, the 4C initially seemed like a godsend. But reviews have been mixed, with many citing twitchy steering, a rough ride, and a cramped cabin. With a base price of $55,900, the 4C also isn't cheap.
Even if a manual transmission isn't on the table, a new engine could be a big help. The current 4C uses a turbocharged 1.7-liter four-cylinder, which produces 237 horsepower and 258 pound-feet of torque. That is more than adequate in such a light car (the 4C will do 0 to 60 mph in 4.1 seconds, according to Alfa). But a boost in performance might make buyers more likely to overlook the car's spartan nature.
Not only will the 4C not get a manual transmission, but neither will any other future high-performance, Alfa, Maserati, or Ferrari models, Alfa/Maserati engineering boss Fedeli said. That's already pretty much the case with the three conjoined Italian automakers; Ferrari hasn't sold a manual-transmission car in years.
The manual transmission's demise is due to lack of customer demand, Fedeli said. After spending millions to develop a manual option for the California roadster, how many cars do you think Ferrari sold with that transmission. Just two, according to Fedeli.
PORTLAND, Maine — A Maine high school student who fled his native Zambia says the experience of participating in a national spoken poetry competition was “heaven” even though he didn't advance.
Deering High School junior Allan Monga had to go to court to become one of 53 participants Tuesday in the national Poetry Out Loud competition in Washington, D.C.
U.S. Rep. Chellie Pingree, who championed his cause, said the asylum seeker learned about “persisting through challenges to chase your dreams.”
A federal judge allowed the 19-year-old Monga to participate in the competition hosted by the National Endowment for the Arts. The NEA originally prohibited Monga from competing because he hasn't been granted legal asylum.
Monga told the Portland Press Herald that, “Just being here and experiencing this was like heaven.”
Guanidinoacetic Acid Market by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate by 2022 – The Financial
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's never too early for rumours to start circulating as to who will be joining Ant and Dec in the jungle for the next series of I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out of Here! and this year is no different.
In fact, bookies have already begun issuing odds on some of the stars they think could be going down under in November 2017.
Here are some of the names being mentioned most so far...
James Jordan
Could the Jordan family be putting down permanent roots in the Australian jungle after Ola competed in I'm A Celeb 2016? Former Strictly star James has a reality TV pedigree having previously appeared on Celebrity Big Brother (and came third). James knows the ropes having been out in Oz to support his wife - could he have got a taste for the show while he was there?
Current bookies' odds on going into the jungle: 6/1
By JOE WALLJASPER
Associated Press
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) - Missouri had never beaten Kentucky in 10 previous tries, but behind 16 points each from Jordan Barnett and Kassius Robertson, the Tigers finally cleared that Big Blue hurdle with a 69-60 victory Saturday.
The 21st-ranked Wildcats (17-6, 6-4 Southeastern Conference) had erased double-digit deficits the last two games in victories over West Virginia and Vanderbilt, but their poor shooting against Missouri's stingy defense ensured there would be no rally this time.
Kentucky shot 31.3 percent from the field. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander led the Wildcats with 15 points and six assists.
Jontay Porter added 13 points and eight rebounds for Missouri (15-8, 5-5 SEC).
Missouri led 28-18 at halftime, as Kentucky made just 20 percent of its first-half shots and went 0 for 10 from 3-point range.
As usual in a game involving Missouri - a defensive-minded and foul-prone team - the game was physical. Late in the first half, Kentucky's Jarred Vanderbilt took exception to Jared Geist's box-out, wrestled Geist to the court and had to be restrained. Both players received technical fouls, and Vanderbilt was assessed a flagrant foul.
Early in the second half, Geist drew a flagrant foul for elbowing Gilgeous-Alexander in the face.
The Wildcats cut the lead 33-32 on Jalen Knox's layup with 16:14 remaining. Then Missouri went on an 8-0 run, started with a 3-pointer and transition layup by Porter and finished with Barnett's 3-pointer. The Tigers maintained the lead the rest of the way.
BIG PICTURE
Kentucky: The Wildcats made just 2 of 20 shots from 3-point range. The Wildcats' nation-leading streak of 1,035 straight games with a 3-pointer - dating to Nov. 28, 1998 - was in jeopardy until Wenyen Gabriel made one with 2:53 left in the game.
Missouri: The Tigers have played themselves back into NCAA Tournament contention in the last week with two straight victories over top-half SEC teams. Missouri won at Alabama on Wednesday before beating Kentucky on Saturday.
UP NEXT
Kentucky: Hosts 18th-ranked Tennessee on Tuesday.
Missouri: Visits Mississippi on Tuesday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Everything you need to know about the FIFA World Cup 2018 Group C matches between France, Australia, Peru and Denmark
Which teams are in World Cup 2018 Group C?
France
Australia
Peru
Denmark
TV and radio coverage: All Group A games are being covered live on TV in the UK by either BBC or ITV. All games are being covered live on the radio in the UK on BBC Radio 5Live and BBC Radio 5Live Sports Extra.
Advertisement
When is France v Australia being played? Saturday 16th June
What time is kick off? 11am BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Kazan Arena, Kazan
When is Peru v Denmark being played? Saturday 16th June
What time is kick off? 5pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Mordovia Arena, Saransk
When is Denmark v Australia being played? Thursday 21st June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Samara Arena, Samara
When is France v Peru being played? Thursday 21st June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosing the game? Central Stadium, Yekaterinburg
When is Australia v Peru being played? Tuesday 26th June
What time is kick off? 3pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosing the game? Fisht Olympic Stadium, Sochi
When is Denmark v France being played? Tuesday 26th June
What time is kick off? 3pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosing the game? Luzhniki Stadium, Moscow
Advertisement
Full World Cup 2018 fixtures by group
Can he convince the cops they've got the wrong guy as Phelan's downfall looms?
Coronation Street serial killer Pat Phelan's crimes finally come to light next week as a dramatic chain of events builds to an epic showdown with wife Eileen on Good Friday as she learns the truth, but when the bodies of two of his victims are discovered it's Gary Windass who is arrested on suspicion of murder!
Advertisement
Building site worker Seb Franklin overhears the concrete Pat laid at the mill conversion is set to be relaid as Phelan did such a shoddy job, so on Wednesday him and Gary storm the site and lock the security guard up before smashing into the concrete with sledgehammers, determined to find the gun they believe Phelan used to kill Luke Britton which they think is buried there.
Thursday's episode picks up the action directly as police arrive to stop the labourers and Gary is arrested, but jaws drop when there's even more than the boys had bargained for dug up from the concrete – the dead bodies of Andy Carver and Vinny Ashford.
Gary is questioned by the cops on suspicion of murder as word gets back to fellow Phelan-hater Tim Metcalfe on the street as Adam Barlow reveals he's representing Mr Windass as the police pursue a murder inquiry.
Realising Phelan is guilty of much more than murdering Luke and framing Anna Windass for assault, Tim desperately tries to get hold of Eileen – who has gone on holiday with her evil husband to a cottage by the sea.
When Eileen gets Tim's voicemail she's with Phelan by a deserted lighthouse, and as she confronts him about the discovery poisonous Pat chucks her phone in the water and turns on her, with a violent showdown leading to the pair of them fearing for their lives as the harbour railings crumble.
Will they both fall into the sea and meet a watery grave? Or is Phelan going to be brought to justice?
You can watch our exclusive review show A Week in Weatherfield below.
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Final Fantasy XII: The Zodiac Age
Mat Smith
Bureau Chief, UK
My Final Fantasy completion list (barring those pesky online ones, pschh) had one glaring omission: the (ironically rather MMORPG-styled) Final Fantasy XII. Now that it's arrived on PS4, I got another chance to strike that iteration off the list -- and as they say, third time's the charm. Yep, I first bought the game at launch for PS2, but I barely inched through it, busy wrapping up university and preparing for a move to Japan. This meant that the lengthy fantasy space opera RPGs had to wait. I already noticed that it had a different allure from other Final Fantasy titles. A few hours of playing the game had revealed interesting (for once) protagonists, mysteries to be solved, and a world that seemed big -- ready to be explored. Unfortunately, I wasn't ready.
The second time, I picked up the 2007 International edition for my Japanese PS2 at launch -- such enthusiasm! I got roughly halfway through, combining my nascent kanji-reading skills with English dialogue, but came unstuck by a section that involved matching NPC conversations together. I wasn't willing to let the internet do the work for me, so, again, I paused.
In 2017, ten years since that edition, I now got to play a more polished version that showcases the game at its best: high-resolution textures and character models that were already highly detailed back in 2006, as well as a revamped soundtrack with some live instrumentation massaged into the previously all-digital score.
It's the characters and the voice acting that stand the test of time. I'd argue they're better than what we got with FFXV (another divisive entry), and just so delightfully otherworldly. There are chunks of Shakespeare, elvish-nordic intonation to everything the bunnywomen Viera clanswomen say, pissed-off princesses and so much more. The phrasing, the delivery, everything works so very well -- so well that only a handful of contemporary games can match it even now.
Battles are dealt with using the gambit system, which is a huge change from the timer gauges that I became used to on PS1 RPGs. Gambits are little programmable nuggets that tell your party members (both the one you're in control of and the rest) what to do. Weak to fire? Fire spells, please. Dead ally? Throw a phoenix down in their direction. With time (and more slots unlocked as you progress), it grows into a rich, customizable system that allows your party to fight for itself, largely, as you make tweaks for bosses and toggle your gambits to suit each situation.
The system allowed me to build my characters in an educated way, and cut a swath through the game. I still haven't finished it (busy month, OK?), but I've gone about 20 hours beyond my last attempt, picking off side quests and hitting up in-game distractions on the way. Once it's done, I'll be back on track with Final Fantasy. Or at least, I will after I work my way through some of that multiplayer Final Fantasy XV.
Tacoma
Devindra Hardawar
Senior Editor
Tacoma won me over almost immediately. The game starts off in a tiny shuttle, with an adorable AI chattering along as you dock onto the abandoned Tacoma space station. We don't know why the crew disappeared; your job is just to find the ship's AI and bring it to your employer. That's all pretty typical for a sci-fi game today -- but then you have to interact with the ship's computer. Instead of typing something onto a keyboard or touchpad, your character, Amy, inputs letters using American Sign Language (ASL). It's a small moment that takes only a few seconds, but it blew me away with its elegance.
ASL isn't something you typically see as an input method in science fiction, and yet it seems to fit perfectly. It's the sort of thoughtful touch we've come to expect from Fullbright, the studio that wowed us with Gone Home back in 2013.
Tacoma evolves the concept of exploration-driven narrative that we saw in Gone Home in some unique ways. In addition to rummaging through their rooms and offices, you can also watch augmented reality recordings of the crew, who are all represented with simplistic polygonal models. It's almost like viewing their digital ghosts. Since they typically involve several people, you'll have to get used to rewinding the AR footage and following different characters around the ship.
This process might sound frustrating, but I found it endlessly engrossing. It helps to humanize the crew in new ways: You can hear intimate conversations between couples, or moments of quiet desperation when the crew starts to run out of air. Those conversations also give us a glimpse at the world outside the space station, where AI is getting more powerful than ever, and workers unite to fight back against soulless corporations (what else is new, right?).
Tacoma, ultimately, is full of short, memorable moments. It could be longer, and it never quite reaches the dramatic heights of Gone Home. But it's yet another solid attempt by Fullbright at exploring the narrative potential for games.
A Dark Room
Rob LeFebvre
Contributing Writer
Amirali Rajan's mobile game A Dark Room begins with an homage to a common text adventure trope. You wake up in the dark with a headache and blurry vision. The room you're in is cold, and the fire is dead. The only thing you can do is light that fire. With this single tap, you're drawn into the mystery.
A Dark Room itself is a button-tapping mashup between an idle-clicker and a text adventure. Instead of typing in commands, you tap on them: gather wood, bait traps, build huts. A wandering builder comes to your fire, offering her services to make more things, like a cart, more traps, or another hut. Each new living space brings more villagers, and you'll build up an impressive bunch of workers who will automatically gather wood, hunt and bait animal traps and (eventually) mine iron, coal and steel. You'll need to keep them all supplied with resources, which is where the crafting comes in: Supply the builder with wood, leather, fur and other basics to craft items, which in turn can be used to supply workers or craft more complicated things, like weapons and caravans.
As your village gets larger, you'll get to travel outside of it, encountering the post-apocalyptic wasteland represented on an ASCII character map. You'll encounter crazed survivors and immense beasts, so you'll want to carry some weapons and armor with you. Through it all, the game reveals its mystery with special text messages about the unknown builder's past and her strange reluctance to supply you with more items. The constant need to gather wood and check traps, as well as manage the village's workload and explore the world outside of my always growing town, keeps me coming back to A Dark Room again and again. While the initial loop is intriguing and fun, managing the larger sets of variables later in the game gets pretty complicated, making for much deeper gameplay than you'll typically find in a mobile title.
Final Fantasy XV DLC
Sean Buckley
Associate Editor
I never planned on playing Final Fantasy XV. After a decade of disappointing sequels and spin-offs, I'd written the franchise off. Then a surprise Christmas gift beckoned me to revisit the franchise, and I found myself obsessed with the game's lush open world, uncharacteristically active battle system and bizarre product tie-ins. I fell in love with its characters too -- a cast of four best friends on an epic road trip to save the world. It was an experience that left me wanting more, and I spent months looking forward to DLC that promised to show me character-focused vignettes that had been left out of the main story.
Then a terrible, wonderful thing happened: The Nintendo Switch came out. Between The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Mario Kart 8 and Arms, the new console dominated my free time. It wasn't until recently that I got back to Final Fantasy XV's two released DLC packs -- Episode Gladiolus and Prompto. I have mixed feelings.
Both DLC chapters fill in parts of the story that were left out of the main game. We learn why Gladiolus came back to the party with a new scar, and a little about where Prompto was in the final chapters of the story -- but neither of these characters was directly playable in the core game. It makes the DLC packs interesting, because they not only give you control over a new character, but change Final Fantasy's gameplay mechanics to better suit that character's personality. Prompto's adventure took this idea to an extreme. Not only does the short episode explain more about the photographer/gunman's extremely vague backstory, but it completely changes the style of the game from a fast-paced action RPG to a pseudo third-person shooter.
The new gameplay style was a fun challenge, and I loved being able to spend more time with one of my favorite characters -- but so far, Final Fantasy XV's DLC has left me wanting. It just doesn't answer enough questions, particularly when it comes to Prompto. The core game leaves gaping questions about the character, both when he leaves your party and when he returns -- and his downloadable adventure just barely answers half of them.
I don't regret playing the Final Fantasy XV DLC. I just wish it did a little more.
"IRL" is a recurring column in which the Engadget staff run down what they're buying, using, playing and streaming.
Emergency crews are investigating a fatal crash on Wendell Ford Parkway in Muhlenberg County.
It happened around 12:30 p.m. Friday near mile-marker 50 of the parkway.
Kentucky State Police say the driver, Andretta Dear, of Ohio, left the roadway, and her car rolled over.
Four juveniles were hurt. Two were flown to a Nashville hospital, and two were taken to a local hospital by ambulance.
The road is now back open
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
The young man sat off-stage wearing a dark checkered suit, a gray striped necktie and a pink shirt with a white collar. Rob Manfred, the commissioner of Major League Baseball, stood at center stage and announced his name on live television. Immediately his family cheered, his dad gave him a big hug, and the young man slipped out of his suit and into a Cincinnati Reds jersey. For a moment, he resembled a bona fide big leaguer.
These days Hunter Greene wears the green-trimmed polyester double-knits of the Dayton Dragons. Cincinnati is a little more than 50 miles away, but for a Class-A pitcher with a 7.18 earned-run average it might as well be a million. If Greene could offer one piece of advice for that young man sitting in the MLB Network studio in Secaucus, N.J., it would be this: “be ready for the grind.”
“It's not like high school,” he said. “You have to do it every day.”
The minor league lifestyle does not discriminate. Just ask three of the first four Southern California players chosen in the first round a year ago.
Greene was still a senior at Sherman Oaks Notre Dame High when he adorned the cover of Sports Illustrated on May 1, 2017. A few months later, he threw his first professional inning in front of 3,491 people in Billings, Montana.
Nick Pratto was 12 years old when his bases-loaded single ended the 2011 Little League World Series, making him a household name for anyone watching the game on ESPN. A few months after the Kansas City Royals drafted the Huntington Beach High product 14th overall last June, Pratto was batting .233 for the Royals' rookie-league team in Surprise, Ariz.
Keston Hiura won a collegiate batting title as a junior for UC Irvine last year. The Milwaukee Brewers selected him ninth overall. A few months later, his dinner plans were at the mercy of a host family in Appleton, Wisconsin.
“You're putting in work,” Greene said. “If you're not pitching in a game you're throwing, lifting, conditioning. There are no days off. You have to be ready to compete. Take care of yourself.”
Their stories converge around a shared experience. They work in small towns far from home. Their lifestyles inhabit a small island with other young men in their late teens and early 20s. All baseball is watching to see if their performance matches their potential, yet few actually watch their games on MiLB.tv.
This is about where their stories diverge.
HIURA: FROM APPLETON TO OHTANI
Even the fast track is slow.
Hiura was the fifth collegiate player drafted last June. He turned 21 years old last August, and the Brewers felt he was ready for Class-A baseball after less than a month of rookie ball. (Hiura batted .435 in 15 games.) Next stop, Appleton, separated from Green Bay by 30 miles of farmland and silos.
“I actually had a good time,” he said. “It was a great area. Great fans. Great people there. We had a beautiful stadium. I got to play there every day. The weather was pretty nice for the most part.”
Hiura thrived for the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers too, batting .333 over 27 games to end the season. He came back home for the winter, reuniting with the three generations of family members who sat with him on draft day. He took batting practice at UC Irvine. There, he ran into Albert Pujols and Nolan Arenado.
When a minor league player gets an invitation to major league spring training, it comes with perks beyond a higher per diem. The clubhouses and weight rooms are bigger and better. Opportunities to observe and connect with major leaguers abound. The ratio of coaches to players is lower. The quality of competition is higher, and for Hiura that meant a spring training at-bat against Shohei Ohtani on March 2.
Hiura split the left-center field gap with a double in his first plate appearance.
“It was cool to face him,” Hiura said. “I haven't seen him pitch before. Go up there, be aggressive, if he throws a ball in the zone just be on time and get ready to hit it hard. There wasn't anything too much to it. It was just … treat it like any other person.”
Because the Brewers' game against the Angels was designated as a “B” game, it did not count toward Hiura's spring training stats. In 19 games that counted, he batted .419. That earned him a ticket straight back to minor league camp and, ultimately, the advanced Class-A Carolina Mudcats.
An elbow injury limited Hiura to designated hitter duties to begin the season. He played second base for the first time on May 8. After a slow start at the plate, he was hitting .301 with five home runs in 47 games through Tuesday.
“This year we're living on our own in apartments with other players,” Hiura said. “It's more like college to an extent, living on our own rather than living with the host parents. It's all about having routines, making sure you get enough sleep, waking up to get meals and all that.”
PRATTO: EMBRACING Downtime
When he awoke on the morning of last year's draft, Pratto said he did not want to think about the draft.
He and some friends went out for breakfast. Then they met up at another friend's house for “a little get-together.” There, Pratto said he spent most of the time on the phone with major league teams and reporters before his agent called with the good news. Then the Royals called to make it official. More phone interviews followed. Pratto must have been the least social person in the house.
“I had a good two hundred people there,” he said.
Three days later, Huntington Beach High held its graduation ceremony for the Class of 2017. Pratto's season in the Arizona League did not end until Sept. 2. His family was able to attend a few of his games in the meantime, but he said they had questions for him when he returned for the offseason.
“They just noticed that I was tired after it all,” Pratto said, laughing.
Every Arizona League team gets a two-day layoff in the middle of the season. When the Royals' squad took its break on Aug. 23, Pratto was hitting .233. He needed the breather. In nine games after the break, the first baseman batted .314 with a home run.
One advantage to being among the best American players in your age group – as Pratto very much was by age 12 – is that you're on the radar of Team USA. When he wasn't playing for Huntington Beach, Pratto was playing internationally with the under-18 Team USA squad for three years.
“That was good for me, to get used to that kind of schedule, the grind,” he said.
But even the most prepared player can only overcome his body so much. Pratto's senior season at Huntington Beach had begun in February, so the offseason came as a welcome break.
This year Pratto reported to spring training in Surprise, Ariz., with the Royals' other minor leaguers. He was assigned to Class-A Lexington of the South Atlantic League when the regular season began. Now that the season is in full swing, Pratto has discovered a new tool that he did not enjoy in high school: data.
“A correlation for me is seeing if I'm swinging at pitches in the zone, or swinging at pitches out of the zone,” he said. “For me, my success is when I swing at pitches in the zone, I'm making hard contact. When I'm chasing balls that's when I start to get away from my approach, get away from my game plan.
Data, he said, “doesn't intimidate me at all. It helps the player get to know himself just like the other teams do.”
Through Tuesday, Pratto was batting .270 with seven home runs in 45 games.
GREENE: FULL-TIME PITCHER, PART-TIME VOLUNTEER
For Greene, the next step after the draft was a little R&R. He came home, reconnected with family and friends, “realized I just got drafted.” After taking his physical in Cincinnati, Greene signed for a $7.23 million bonuses – a record since the current draft spending rules were implemented in 2012. Then it was off to Montana.
Billings is a long way from the San Fernando Valley. It's an even longer way from Secaucus. There are a bunch of farms, Greene said, and the nightlife is only “OK.” For the most part, he and his underage teammates only had each other.
“I think I was pretty prepared,” he said. “How my parents raised me growing up, being respectful and kind, treating people how you want to be treated, helps. It doesn't sound like it would help you on a baseball field, but it really does. Knowing your teammates have your back, that they would lay their life on the line for you, really helps.”
A two-way star in high school, Greene got 30 at-bats as the Billings Mustangs' designated hitter before he pitched his first inning. He collected seven hits, good for a .233 average. The Reds drafted Greene primarily for his triple-digit fastball, and he appeared in three games before the season ended. He soon learned that pitching professionally entails more than throwing hard. Greene allowed seven runs in 4-1/3 innings.
Back home in January, Greene organized a leadership camp for hundreds of youth baseball players in Inglewood. He also organized a toiletry drive for Los Angeles' homeless population. Using social media, Greene said he was able to solicit donations from around the country for mouthwash, toothpaste, toothbrushes, deodorant and the like, all sent to an address back in Los Angeles.
Greene even helped distribute the donations downtown. He believes more than 1,000 people benefited.
Greene did not pitch during the offseason, but he took batting practice here and there. By spring training, he was back to pitching full-time. Now he occupies a place in the rotation of the Class-A Dayton Dragons.
“I like (Dayton) a lot more than Billings,” he said. “The stadium is beautiful. We get a minimum of 8,000 fans per game. That helps a lot.”
Greene has only allowed one run in each of his last two appearances. On Tuesday, he threw five innings in a game for the first time. His next Sports Illustrated cover, if he gets one, will appear much more than a year after his first.
The 2018 MLB draft begins Monday. The best amateur baseball players in America will hear their names called. A few will shake the commissioner's hand on live television, look like bona fide big leaguers for the blink of an eye, then disappear from the public view to, as Greene said, grind.
A Red Deer man was sentenced in the killing of William Blaine Baker
Shane McPhee has been sentenced to six years in prison for the Feb. 13th 2016 stabbing death of William Blaine Baker, who went by the name of ‘Blaine.'
McPhee pleaded guilty to manslaughter in Red Deer court March 19th.
He had been charged with second degree murder, but pled guilty to manslaughter instead.
McPhee has also been prohibited from using a firearm for the rest of his life.
McPhee had been charged in relation to the death of a man who was dropped off at the Red Deer Regional Hospital on Feb. 13th of 2016 by a dark Jeep Cherokee.
It was reported in court that McPhee stabbed Baker in the neck. Baker was later then transported to Red Deer Regional Hospital where he later succumbed to his injuries. On Feb. 16th, an autopsy revealed that Baker's death was a homicide.
On Feb. 13th, Shane Kerik drove the Jeep to McPhee's house with four other individuals, one of those being Baker who sat in the passenger seat next to Kerik to obtain drugs from McPhee's residence on Freemont Close.
It was reported that McPhee said a few words to Baker, later stabbing him with a knife, while he was seated in the passenger's seat.
The two females in the backseat screamed, saying they needed to get Baker to the hospital.
Baker is being remembered as a loving father, brother, uncle and friend to many.
In one of the victim impact statements, spoken over the phone, Stacey Baker, Williams' eldest daughter, said her father was always a well liked man.
“He had a smile that could light up a whole room,” she said.
She said her dad played a huge part in who she is today.
Blaine's mother Mary Lorraine Baker was also present in court, and said in her statement that no parent wants to bury their child especially when they were taken from them in the way that they were.
“I cannot sleep without having nightmares,” said Mary Lorraine.
It was in Florida that her and her husband got the news of Blaine's death by their son Tony.
“Now our family chain has been broken because of this man Shane McPhee,” said Mary Lorraine.
Others too, gave their statements, including Blaine's other daughter Chelsea, Blaine's father William, Blaine's brothers Tony and Gary, along with Blaine's niece.
It was read in court that McPhee's past criminal activity includes six convictions of crimes involving violence.
Navy SEAL Is DONE With McCain's DISRESPECT, Completely Levels Him On LIVE T.V.
Almost right after Donald Trump stepped into the White House as our President, he gave the greenlight for an operation to raid an al-Qaeda base in Yemen.
Of course, the raid itself was actually planned and prepped under the Obama administration, however they were waiting for a dark night to execute it…and that night just so happened to take place after the inauguration.
Several civilians and a Navy SEAL were killed during the operation. This Navy SEAL was Chief Petty Officer William Owens, who died when his plan crashed during the mission.
As soon as media got wind of this they were out for blood and were claiming that it was an operation that failed in disaster because of the losses that had taken place.
One of the people that jumped on this bandwagon was Senator John McCain…
Though the mission was touted as being largely a success despite the losses, Republican Arizona Sen. John McCain instead decried the mission as a “failure,” earning a sharp rebuke from both Trump and White House press secretary Sean Spicer, among others. In an appearance on CNN, former Navy Seal Carl Higbie rebuked McCain, saying the loses, though unfortunate, didn't negate the success of the mission.
During McCain's appearance, Higbie did reference MCCain's crashes when he was in the service himself.
“I think John McCain does owe an apology to the Owens family,” Higbie stated. “I think it was dishonorable of him, too… He called it an unsuccessful mission because of a plane crash? This is a guy who crashed an enormous amount of planes during training. Look, these things happen, and it's not an unsuccessful mission just simply because John McCain doesn't like Trump.”
This prompted a frenzy on social media from daughter, Meghan McCAin, who claimed that Higbie had called her father's service “dishonorable”
She says…
“.@CarlHigbie please say that on television next time after you question his record for crashing a plane before being taken into a POW camp,” McCain shot back.
What McCain's daughter didn't understand was that Higbie was NOT stating her Dad's service time was dishonorable, but his audacity to minimize Owens' sacrifice for his country from a heroic nature to a failed mission and being in vain… is in fact dishonorable.
What does that kind of garbage McCain stated tell the family of Owens? It tells them that their Son's life that he died a hero sacrificing to serve his country was senseless.
That is wrong, and he should apologize to them.
Owens would not appreciate being remembered as the Navy SEAL who died during a failed mission. How does McCain not understand that? The fact that they also don't understand that it wasn't a failed mission because there was a loss of life is ridiculous.
What do they want? The only way to guarantee there will be no loss of life is by sitting on our hands and doing nothing. That is NOT how you protect a country.
I swear the left just keeps getting more stupid each time they open their mouths. So obnoxious.
Image: iStockphoto/real444
Docker is apparently about to raise another $75 million in venture capital funding, bringing its total raised to roughly $250 million. If only it could raise similar amounts from paying customers.
Even as containers have gone mainstream, with enterprises embracing them en masse, Docker, the company, has largely missed out. Though this new round brings the company's value to $1.3 billion, that number has hardly moved from Docker's $1 billion valuation back in 2015. Investors clearly continue to have an appetite for Docker's potential, but unless the company does something drastic to super-charge its appeal to paying enterprises, other companies like Red Hat will continue to mint money on the container revolution that Docker kickstarted.
Fat and lazy on investor cash
You've seen it before: The hearty congratulations on Twitter to startups that raise a big round of funding. Too often, however, venture money isn't a sign of success—it means a company still hasn't figured out how to make money, so it's buying time with VC money. While venture money can be used to fuel growth, too often companies use it as an excuse to put off the inevitable, difficult task of making money.
SEE: Docker rocker: container technology usage doubles; serious money follows (ZDNet)
I should know. I've lived it, working for a range of open source startups that each struggled to make money. My most recent startup, MongoDB, seems to have cracked the code on revenue, with indications that it has now surpassed $100 million in annual revenue. But, it wasn't venture capital that delivered the revenue. Instead, a new, highly sales and operations-minded CEO, Dev Ittycheria, joined the company and started forcing hard decisions to turn a hugely successful open source project into a hard-headed open source business.
Docker, however, has yet to make this shift.
Yes, the company hired a new CEO, Steve Singh, the former CEO of Concur Technologies. Like Ittycheria, Singh may well bring discipline and a sales-minded culture to Docker. Indeed, according to the funding rumors, a significant share of the funding is intended to build out a sales and marketing machine. If so, that's really good news, as Docker's current revenue is paltry compared to its popularity, as several sources close to the company have shared with me. Even if you don't believe the inside sources, the company's valuation growing just $300,000 over two years is testimony enough that Docker has yet to crack the revenue code.
The problem for Docker, however, is that other companies are minting lots of revenue from containers, even as it searches for the right approach.
Your loss, my gain
It's not hard to find competitors currently collecting copious cash from the container fever Docker did most to spark. Google, Microsoft, and AWS are all earning healthy returns on containers within their clouds, but Red Hat, more than any other company, offers the most painful slap in the face.
Two years ago, Cloud Technology Partners' Mike Kavis highlighted a few reasons that Docker was (then) worth $1 billion after its funding round. Each of those, however, points to Red Hat as a bigger beneficiary of the container mania than Docker, given that Red Hat wisely chose to build on community darling Kubernetes. In his post, Kavitz talked about Docker as sitting at the center of a future of distributed applications, its affinity for hybrid architectures, and its robust ecosystem, among other things.
SEE: Special report: Riding the DevOps revolution (free PDF)
But each of these areas is more likely to favor Kubernetes, which has become the center of the container ecosystem precisely because it's how enterprises choose to manage containers at scale. Add Kubernetes' traction to Red Hat's longstanding ability to sell into the enterprise and it starts to become clear how hard Docker has made things for itself by delaying a real revenue model for so long.
Is it too late? No. But Docker, despite rightly getting credit for fostering the container market, is the underdog, and not nearly as well-equipped as Red Hat to make money from containers. With every major tech vendor firmly behind Kubernetes, Red Hat has wind in its sails as its Kubernetes-based OpenShift competes against a Docker whose management tooling has the benefit of being closely aligned with the company that invented the container standard, but also the detriment of not being tied to the community managing those containers with Kubernetes.
Docker is by no means doomed, but it has serious work to do—the dull, grinding work of sales.
Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Data Center Trends newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is preparing to declare that the international nuclear accord with Iran is no longer in America's national security interests, making a symbolic reversal of another of his predecessor's signature initiatives but one that may largely leave the policy in place.
The president plans to announce the move next week as he unveils what aides say is a comprehensive new strategy for Iran, looking beyond its nuclear program to focus on other destabilizing activities in the Middle East, government officials tell NBC News.
The president told reporters last month that he had made a decision about whether to again certify Iran's compliance with the terms of the 2015 nuclear agreement, but did not reveal what that decision was.
The White House press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, said Friday that the announcement of a new comprehensive strategy would be announced “in the coming days” and would look at “all the bad behavior” of Tehran, not just its nuclear program.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House: President Looking for Deal That Addresses All of Iran's 'Bad Behavior' 1:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence, bloodshed and chaos across the Middle East,” Trump told reporters before a meeting with senior military leaders at the White House on Thursday evening. “That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions,” he said. “They have not lived up to the spirit of their agreement.”
Administration officials have also spent the past week consulting with key lawmakers about the new strategy. The president is "leaning toward seeing if he can strengthen U.S. law" on not just the nuclear program but the overall posture toward Iran, a senior administration official said. "We think there are ways to work with Congress to do more" to address the full range of Iran challenges.
Several Democratic senators attended a briefing at the White House on Wednesday night in what one senior administration official called a “due diligence” exercise to allow lawmakers to offer feedback about their approach. White House chief of staff John F. Kelly in particular has worked to ensure that appropriate stakeholders “have a forum,” that official told NBC News.
Legislation passed in 2015 requires the president to certify Iranian compliance every 90 days, something President Barack Obama reluctantly agreed to in the face of bipartisan concern about whether Iran could be trusted to remain in accord with the agreement.
Trump has now twice provided that certification, even as he maintains the agreement was flawed and that Iran has violated “the spirit” of the agreement. When the White House last certified Iran's compliance in July, it stated that Iran had “not taken any action, including covert activities, that could significantly advance its nuclear weapons program.”
It was the initial recommendation by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to certify in April that first ruptured his relationship with the president. The letter to Congress was sent just before a midnight deadline.
Ahead of the next certification deadline on Oct. 15, all indications are that is still the case. But officials say the president is considering using a separate provision of the 2015 legislation to withhold certification.
That assessment would trigger a sanctions review process in Congress, one that the White House hopes to use as leverage to enlist America's European allies in new negotiations with Iran, though it's unclear if the president would weigh in on whether Congress should vote to reimpose sanctions.
NBC News reported in September that the president was leaning toward a strategy that would ultimately put the question of whether to fully withdraw from the nuclear accord, referred to as the JCPOA, in the hands of Congress.
Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., one of the chief critics of the nuclear agreement, advocated this approach in a speech in Washington this week.
“The president should decline to certify, not primarily on grounds related to Iran's technical compliance, but rather based on the long catalog of the regime's crimes and perfidy against the United States, as well as the deal's inherent weakness,” he said. “The world needs to know we're serious, we're willing to walk away, and we're willing to reimpose sanctions — and a lot more than that. And they'll know that when the president declines to certify the deal, and not before.”
Cotton met privately with Trump at the White House on Thursday.
National Security Adviser HR McMaster told senators this week that while Trump was poised to decertify Iran's compliance, he will not ask Congress to pass new sanctions. That would suggest the move may be a aimed to appeal to the president's base but with little effect, since it does not lead to either withdrawal from the Iran deal or new sanctions — both of which would isolate the U.S. and anger allies.
Without reinstating sanctions that have been waived in return for Iran's agreeing to suspend its nuclear program, the accord would effectively be left in place.
"This is more of a political maneuver than a strategic decision,” Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island, the top Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee, said Friday on MSNBC's “Andrea Mitchell Reports.”
Testifying Tuesday before the committee, Defense Secretary James Mattis said the U.S. should “stay with” the agreement if it can confirm that Iran is abiding by it.
“I believe, at this point in time, absent indications to the contrary, it is something the president should consider staying with,” he said.
But he said certifying that the overall accord with Iran is in the national interest “goes into a broader definition of national security.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How Would a 'Decertified' Iran Deal Be Received in Congress? 3:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“The president has to consider, more broadly, things that rightly fall under his portfolio of looking out for the American people in areas that go beyond the specific letters of the JCPOA," Mattis said. "In that regard, I support the rigorous review that he has got going on right now."
As part of briefings with lawmakers, the administration is working to convince them that while it concedes Iran is in compliance, it is engaging in destabilizing activities across the region, from supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, to funding and arming Hezbollah fighters, and that it should be punished through crippling sanctions. Congress already imposed new sanctions this year as part of a legislative package that targeted Russia, but the administration may seek additional measures.
A senior administration official said the broader Iran strategy that Trump signed off on will include a host of new moves to more aggressively confront Iran's actions in the region.
“Certainly sanctions will be a part of it,” the official said, though they won't be aimed at Iran's nuclear program. The president will not call on Congress to reinstate nuclear-related sanctions.
“The United States has been doing a woefully inadequate job at countering Iran's malign behavior,” the official said.
Both administration officials and lawmakers recognize that the president could ultimately change course on the Iran deal.
“A lot can change between now and Oct. 15,” one lawmaker told NBC News on the condition of anonymity because discussions with the administration have not been made public.
The president has two broad avenues for altering U.S. participation in the nuclear agreement, each of which would trigger additional policy questions the administration must address. Under the terms of the JCPOA, the U.S. could accuse Iran of violating the agreement and cease implementation of the deal, including reinstating all sanctions that had been in effect prior to its effective date of Jan. 16, 2016.
But the preferred option appears to be one in which the U.S. remains party to the agreement, and acts within the framework of that 2015 legislation initially imposed as a check on the Obama administration's ability to unilaterally enter into the agreement.
Decertifying that the Iran deal remains in the national interest launches a fast-track legislative process for potential renewed sanctions, but most Democrats in the Senate, and a handful of Republicans, might oppose that even if the president recommends it.
One possible separate legislative effort would be to revise the 2015 Iran oversight legislation to permanently do away with subsequent 90-day certification requirements. The new legislation could also add clauses unrelated to the nuclear program to give Congress or the president new tools to sanction Iran for ballistic missile tests.
2016 was a year of innovation for Facebook, and to celebrate, the company has named some of its favorite projects and products that came from its hackathons at its offices around the world during the year.
Among the items on the list are a richer and more detailed Safety Check, “adaptive attachments,” and instant verification for Android — all in all, Facebook's 2016 was a pretty productive one.
More: Fake news stories lead to Facebook Safety Check alert for an incident that never occurred
Perhaps the coolest feature developed during the year is Instant Verification on Android, which works through Facebook's Account Kit. In days past, to verify an app, that app would have had to send you a verification code via SMS, after which you would need to check that code and enter it into the Facebook app. The new feature allows other apps to use Facebook data to verify a phone number, getting rid of the extra SMS steps.
Next up is a better, richer Safety Check. Safety Check was itself developed at a hackathon, but the new version makes it even easier for people to tell friends and family that they're safe in an emergency. How does it do that? Well, it basically enables extra context through images and calls to action, which can be embedded within notifications. Another extra module within Safety Check allows users to get access to information like where to find shelter, food, water, and even first aid.
Last but not least are “adaptive attachments,” an innovation created at a hackathon in New York, which basically gives users a new way to upload photos to shared albums, create a crowdsourced video, and even play multiplayer games, all only by commenting on a post.
Of course, hackathons aren't unique to 2016, so we can expect some more innovative products to come from hackathons in 2017, too.
Share
Ubisoft had an exciting E3 showing last year, with multiple new game reveals and a bevy of titles on display. Ubisoft always fills its showcases to the brim, offering looks at games both near release and far out. We expect that tradition to continue when Ubisoft takes the stage Monday, June 11 at 1 p.m. PT. Here's what to expect from Ubisoft's E3 2018 showcase.
‘The Division 2'
The sequel to 2016's shared-world shooter is confirmed for E3. Although Ubisoft has revealed absolutely nothing about The Division 2 — besides that it will use the Snowdrop engine — it's probably set in the same post-pandemic New York City as the original. Expect to see a cinematic or gameplay trailer (or both) during Ubisoft's conference.
‘Skull and Bones'
Ubisoft unveiled Skull and Bones, a piracy sim inspired by Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag‘s naval warfare, at E3 last year. The game sees crews of up to six players sail across the Indian Ocean in search of treasure and naval battles. The game will tell its story through its multiplayer encounters and will be always online. Although Ubisoft recently delayed the game until its next fiscal year (which starts in April 2019), the pirate adventure will be shown at E3, perhaps with a new launch window.
‘Beyond Good & Evil 2'
Ubisoft recently showed off new footage of long-awaited and often missing in action Beyond Good & Evil 2. The most intriguing thing we have learned so far about the cult-classic adventure sequel is that players will create their own character rather than play as the original game's protagonist Jade. Although we still have no clue how far out Beyond Good & Evil 2 is from release, we would be surprised if it wasn't in Ubisoft's E3 2018 show plans.
Splinter Cell is back?
In April, Sam Fisher came to Ghost Recon Wildlands for a special mission voiced by original Fisher actor Michael Ironside. That alone wouldn't have been enough to signal the return of the stealth action series, but Amazon Canada and Walmart Canada accidentally uploaded placeholder box art for “Splinter Cell 2018” in the past couple of months. All of this is to say that it certainly sounds like Fisher will return soon, hopefully, voiced by Ironside.
If a Splinter Cell return is in fact on the horizon, it's a safe bet that it will be shown, or at least teased, during Ubisoft's press conference. In its most recent earnings call, Ubisoft revealed that an unannounced game in an ongoing franchise will be revealed and released in Ubisoft's current fiscal year. That could be a Splinter Cell game … or something else.
‘Transference'
Transference, the odd blend between virtual reality and film, was announced during Ubisoft's 2017 press conference. Originally, the game was slated for a spring 2018 launch but has since moved to a fall 2018 window. It's a psychological thriller that takes players through re-created memories of a man's descent into madness. Created in collaboration with film production company Spectrevision, the Ubisoft Montreal project has a branching narrative that bridges the gap between movies and games.
If Transference is still slated for fall 2018, we expect to see it in action during Ubisoft's showcase. Although it seems to emphasize virtual reality (PSVR, Vive, Rift), the game will be available on traditional platforms as well (PS4, Xbox One, PC).
‘Starlink: Battle for Atlas'
Remember Starlink: Battle for Atlas, the toys-to-life spaceship battler that lets players attach toy ships to their Xbox One, PS4, and Switch controllers? Yeah, it was by far the strangest reveal at Ubisoft's press event last year. Since then, we haven't heard much at all about the Ubisoft Toronto-developed game. It's slated for fall 2018, though, so we expect to learn more during the showcase.
‘The Crew 2'
The Crew 2 launches on June 29, just a couple of weeks after E3 ends. While we likely won't hear anything new about the game, expect Ubisoft to remind us of the racing game sequel during the show.
New Assassin's Creed?
The aforementioned Walmart Canada leak also included Assassin's Creed. After taking a year off to recalibrate, Ubisoft's flagship historical franchise came back last year with Assassin's Creed Origins. Ubisoft drastically reworked the gameplay of Origins to mixed results. Though a new Assassin's Creed game is inevitable, an E3 reveal would be surprising unless Ubisoft decides to go back to its yearly format for the franchise, which doesn't seem likely. Still, we'll just have to wait and see.
‘Watch Dogs 3'?
Watch Dogs 3 is undoubtedly in development. Watch Dogs 2 improved on the open-world hacker franchise in myriad ways when it launched in 2016. Is it too soon for a Watch Dogs 3 reveal? Perhaps, but we wouldn't be shocked if Ubisoft teased the return of DedSec. As mentioned earlier, Ubisoft will reveal an unannounced game in an ongoing franchise to be released before the company's fiscal year ends in March 2019. If we had to bet, we would say Splinter Cell is more likely, but that doesn't mean Watch Dogs 3 won't be teased.
News analysis
WASHINGTON — House Republicans and their allies have long argued that the House memo released Friday would demonstrate that the Trump-Russia investigation had its roots in an FBI fraud.
But the Republican memo doesn't support that theory, even if everything alleged in it is true. (And Democrats, the FBI and the Justice Department insist that much in the memo is deeply misleading.)
Before the memo was released, House Republicans said it would show that the entire investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller was based on an improper act: a reliance by the FBI on a tainted dossier, funded by Democrats and written by a former British intelligence operative.
FBI Director Robert Mueller testifies during a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Alex Wong / Getty Images file
Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton, a right-wing activist cited on Twitter Friday by President Donald Trump, has called the Mueller investigation the “fruit of the poison tree” that “needs to be shut down.” The poisonous-tree legal metaphor means, essentially, that if the government obtains evidence from illegal acts, it can't use that evidence to prosecute somebody.
But now that the memo is out, such arguments have been called deeply into question. As the memo makes clear, the Mueller investigation did not grow out of the dossier, and the memo sheds no light on what role, if any, the dossier has played in the special counsel's inquiry.
The memo argues that the FBI misled the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court about the basis for its application to eavesdrop on a former Trump campaign aide, Carter Page. That surveillance began in October 2016, after the investigation was well under way. It was renewed another three times, the memo says — twice during the Trump administration. In all, a Democratic congressional source told NBC News, four separate federal judges examined the matter, under a detailed process that requires the FBI agent to say how she knows all the facts she is asserting.
But as the memo itself makes clear, the FBI investigation into possible Trump campaign collusion began in July 2016, and did not center on the dossier.
The memo points out that it was information about a different Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, that led the FBI to begin investigating. According to The New York Times, an Australian diplomat passed on a tip that Papadopoulos seemed to know that the Russian government had access to Democratic emails.
So the Page surveillance, whatever the problems with it, can't fairly be called the fruit of the tree that became the sprawling Mueller investigation. In fact, it's not clear if Page is still relevant to the current investigation.
Republicans say the FBI withheld important facts from the judges about the Page surveillance application; Democrats and the FBI say that is not true. That is an interesting dispute, but it sheds no light on the question of whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia, or whether the president obstructed justice.
But even if the memo doesn't prove what Republicans said it would, it may still have achieved something significant for Trump and his allies. It provides grist to those people — including Trump himself — who are searching for any kind of evidence that the criminal investigation of the president is improper. It's a formerly top-secret document that muddies up the water, vaguely suggesting that all is not well with Mueller's probe.
It may pave the way for Trump to stop cooperating with the investigation, for example, or to decline to be interviewed by Mueller, citing bias.
“I think it's a disgrace what's going on in this country,” Trump said in the Oval Office, just after he declassified the memo. “A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that.”
Democrats say it is Trump and House Republicans who should be ashamed.
"The release of this memo by House Intelligence Committee Republicans and the White House, over the objections of the FBI and the Department of Justice, is reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth,” said Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). The bust of Nathan Bedford Forrest stands covered with a sweatshirt after protesters covered it and placed signs in front of it Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn. Protesters called for the removal of the bust, which is...
(AP Photo/Claire Galofaro). A statue of a Confederate officer is seen splattered with orange paint near a park in Louisville, Ky. on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. The vandalism was discovered a day after violence erupted at a white nationalist rally in Charlo...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). David Zach, second from right, speaks during a demonstration outside the office of Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn. The group was in the Capitol to call for the removal of the bust of Natha...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Signs stand in front of a bust of Nathan Bedford Forrest and a sweatshirt covers its face during a protest Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn. Protesters called for the removal of the bust, which is displayed in the hal...
(Charles Bertram/Lexington Herald-Leader via AP). This photo taken July 24, 2017, shows James Hendrickson, Corbin, Ky., taking a "selfie" with the Jefferson Davis Statue following a rally in support of keeping the statue of Confederate president Jeffer...
By BRUCE SCHREINER and ERIK SCHELZIGAssociated Press
As a descendant of Civil War soldiers who wore both the blue and the gray, a Kentucky mayor said he's taking his own stand - marshalling support to remove two Confederate statutes from prominent spots in his city.
Violence that erupted over the weekend at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, added momentum to a wave of efforts across the South to remove or relocate Confederate monuments.
Lexington, Kentucky, Mayor Jim Gray moved up his announcement in reaction to the bloodshed, which saw a vehicle plow into a group of counterprotesters, killing one woman. The memorials to John C. Breckinridge and John Hunt Morgan are perched outside a former courthouse that was the site of slave auctions before the Civil War.
"It's just not right that we would continue to honor these Confederate men who fought to preserve slavery on the same ground as men, women and even children were once sold into a life of slavery," Gray said in a YouTube video Sunday. "Relocating these statues and explaining them is the right thing to do."
Removing Confederate monuments is complicated in Tennessee, where lawmakers enacted a law last year that made any push to remove historical markers harder.
That didn't stop dozens of protesters from gathering in the Tennessee Capitol on Monday to renew calls to remove a bust of Nathan Bedford Forrest, a Confederate cavalry general and an early leader of the Ku Klux Klan. Protesters draped a black jacket over the head of the bust while cheering, "Tear it down!"
Republican Gov. Bill Haslam later said he didn't think Forrest should be honored at the Capitol.
State lawmakers responded to a previous push to remove the bust in the aftermath of the slaying of nine black churchgoers in South Carolina by passing the "Tennessee Heritage Protection Act." The 2016 law requires that two-thirds of Tennessee Historical Commission members agree to change or remove historical markers, up from a simple majority.
In Memphis, Tennessee, city attorney Bruce McMullen said Monday that he plans to file a petition to remove a statue of Forrest from a park.
The Memphis City Council voted in 2015 to relocate the statue, but the state historical commission blocked the move under the heritage protection act.
The statue is located at a park where the Sons of Confederate Veterans celebrate Forrest's birthday each year, with men and women dressed in Civil War-era garb and waving Confederate flags. The remains of Forrest and his wife are buried under the statue. The city has said it wants to move the remains to a cemetery.
The violence in Charlottesville has spurred debates and action on the fate of Confederate memorials elsewhere across the South.
In Florida, sounds of a jackhammer echoed in downtown Gainesville as workers tore out the foundation of a Confederate statue known as "Old Joe" in front of the Alachua County Administration Building, The Gainesville Sun reported Monday.
The monument will be returned to a chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy - the same group that erected it in 1904.
Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh said she has contacted two contractors about removing that city's Confederate monuments.
In Louisville, Kentucky, a statue of a Confederate officer was splattered with orange paint. Police said no suspects have been identified. Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer announced Monday that a panel will review the city's public art and make a list of places linked to bigotry, racism or slavery.
Elsewhere in Kentucky, an NAACP leader said the group will step up efforts to remove a statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis from the state Capitol Rotunda in Frankfort.
"He was a traitor," said the activist, Raoul Cunningham.
In Lexington, meanwhile, Gray proposes moving the statues to a veterans' park, and wants to add two Union memorials there - to symbolize Kentucky's divided allegiance during the Civil War.
Gray said he understands the value of preserving history, noting that he grew up hearing stories of his great-great uncles who fought at the Battle of Shiloh - two for the Union and one for the Confederacy.
But he said "it's time to stand up for what's right. Let's remember what our country is all about - liberty, freedom and justice for all. And that means for everyone."
___
Associated Press Writer Adrian Sainz in Memphis, Tennessee, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Diego Costa is fit to face Valencia for Atletico Madrid after overcoming a hamstring injury, the club have confirmed.
Costa has endured a stop-start return to Atleti since re-signing from Chelsea and becoming eligible for action in January.
😊Good news! @diegocosta has recovered from his hamstring injury!
➡https://t.co/ZRWrQu4jjd#AúpaAtleti #AtletiValencia pic.twitter.com/Mx0UMNgBvi — Atlético de Madrid (@atletienglish) February 3, 2018 The 29-year-old Spain striker scored on his second LaLiga debut against Getafe, only to instantly earn a second yellow card for charging into the crowd to celebrate Atleti's second goal in a 2-0 victory at the Wanda Metropolitano.
That meant a suspension for the 1-0 win over Eibar and he was forced off after the hour in last month's 1-1 draw with Girona due to the hamstring strain.
Costa also has a pair of Copa del Rey goals to his name since reuniting with Diego Simeone's men but missed the second leg of their quarter-final exit at the hands of Sevilla.
He is back for the crunch clash with Valencia, who are third in the table – six points shy of Atleti in second – and took part in a training session on Saturday attended by the similarly confrontational Manchester United great Roy Keane.
The first thing I do when I wake up each morning is checked my phone. Most days, I scroll through the usual memes on Twitter and open snaps from friends who unfortunately have to wake up much earlier than I do. However, waking up this Monday, I opened up one snap that sent a chill down my spine. “Holy shit, did you see what happened in Vegas?”
I didn't even respond, as I switched right over to Twitter. I didn't even have to start scrolling through my feed to see tweets about it – #prayforvegas was already all over my timeline. I went to the moments page and started scrolling through the information reporters had tweeted and as I was watching the videos live from the scene, I was shocked that this was the largest mass shooting in the United States.
Then, like every college student, I grabbed my pop tarts and ran to class. Right before our lecture, my friend turned to me and asked if I heard about Vegas, as we compared what information both of us had trying to make sense of the whole situation. Then, she said something that honestly shocked me. She declared, “I bet you that [the professor] won't talk about it in the beginning of class today.”
At first I questioned why she found the need to make that comment, but then she explained her stance. The fact that we are in college to learn, but never seem to cover or discuss current events confused her. Even in an accounting lecture, where we learned about T-charts and crunching numbers, shouldn't the teacher open a conversation about events that affect us all?
There, I realized her truth. If we are experiencing a liberal education, why would it be inappropriate to talk about domestic terrorism in accounting? At that point, I wanted my professor to say something. I felt the urge to want to talk about it. Yet, when the time came, our lecture started, and we moved on.
As the day continued and my Twitter feed kept filling up, the #prayforvegas turned into argument. There were calls to action, and then calls of shame because how dare they politicize this event. Then, there were people trying to call attention to Puerto Rico and other tragedies around the world. It seemed as if everyone had already made their opinion, and the conversation was just getting more heated.
My next class came around, which has a very different environment than the accounting lecture. At the beginning of each class my professor asks, “What's on your mind?” Here, for five to 10 minutes, we crack jokes, talk about issues, or just ask questions regarding past concepts learned in class. Luckily, the first hand raised brought up the events that transpired last night.
We then talked about it. Opinions weren't being shoved down people's throats, people weren't getting mad about what others had to say and it was entirely facilitated by our professor, who doesn't teach about politics, legislation or even current events.
Yet, a discussion about domestic terrorism was exactly what I wanted to have. It not only allowed us to express our thoughts, but quench that uncomfortable nagging we had because something big was on our minds. After our conversation ended and we were content about what we discussed, we could move onto the lesson and fully immersed ourselves in the material.
Having that five-minute talk about an issue we all knew about not only helped get our worries out, but created an environment of support within our class. While many would argue it's unprofessional and unnecessary to talk about current events in classes where they don't relate to the course content, maybe that is exactly what we need to do. Bringing together students and faculty through discussion doesn't just foster a truly liberal learning environment, but helps us relate to each other and exemplify the motto of Love and Honor.
stemmlmf@miamioh.edu
Comments
TORONTO — An 18-year-old university student from China is dead and three others were sent to hospital after a house fire in east Toronto, authorities said Wednesday.
Fire officials said the blaze broke out early Wednesday morning at the home shared by the four University of Toronto students who attended the school's nearby Scarborough campus.
Deputy Fire Chief Jim Jessop said the body of the young woman who died in the blaze was found in a second-floor bedroom.
One of the other students who survived the fire jumped from a second-floor window to escape the flames, which left a gaping hole in the roof of the house, Jessop said.
Firefighters had to fight the blaze from the outside and were unable to enter the home for some time, Jessop said.
The University of Toronto called the death of the student from China a tragedy.
"The thoughts of the entire campus community are with the family of the student who was killed in the fire and with the three other students who were in the house," vice-president Bruce Kidd said in a statement.
He added that the university has reached out to the three students who escaped the fire to offer assistance.
Fire officials are investigating what may have caused the blaze.
By The Canadian Press
#20 Bruno Mars – Finesse
#19 Taylor Swift – Ready For It
#18 Shawn Mendes – There's Nothing Holding Me Back
#17 Justin Timberlake – Filthy
#16 Niall Horan – Slow Hands
#15 Selena Gomez & Marshmello – Wolves
#14 Ria Mae – Bend
#13 Halsey – Bad At Love
#12 P!nk – What About Us
#11 Sam Smith – Too Good At Goodbyes
#10 P!nk – Beautiful Trauma
#9 Charlie Puth – How Long
#8 Hedley – Better Days
#7 Scott Helman – PDA
#6 Felix Cartal – Get What You Give
#5 Portugal. The Man – Feel It Still
#4 Maroon 5 & SZA – What Lovers Do
#3 Imagine Dragons – Thunder
#2 Camila Cabello – Havana
#1 Ed Sheeran – Perfect
Kool Cameo: Journey – Don't Stop Believin'
Future Hit: Tyler Shaw – Cautious
Listen to the TOP 20 Kool Countdown every Saturday afternoon at 1 and Sunday night at 6.
Young Thug recently split up with longtime fiancée Jerrika Karlae after allegations that the rapper was cheating. (They've been through multiple blowups, which Young Thug has sung about on record.) On Wednesday, Karlae publicly declared herself single by saying she was “back on the market.” Young Thug quoted the tweet last night with what appears to be a death threat: “What market?? Bitch u goin die OnGod.” Young Thug also retweeted the threat soon after.
I'm definitely back on the market tho 💋 — Jerrika Karlae (@MissJerrikaK) October 4, 2017
What market?? Bitch u goin die OnGod https://t.co/7ZJLuhMVSC — Young Thug ひ (@youngthug) October 6, 2017
Earlier this week, Jerrika posted a photo to her Snapchat purporting to show evidence that Young Thug had cheated on her with a friend. (He responded with an Instagram post captioned with “Y cheat when u can creep.”) Just yesterday, Baller Alert captured a clip of Young Thug apologizing and asking Jerrika to “give me a chance and I promise I won't mess up no more,” following up with a video of himself sarcastically crying.
From the desk of #YoungThug A post shared by Baller Alert (@balleralert) on Oct 5, 2017 at 5:41pm PDT
Young Thug's tweet is up as of 11:10 a.m. and he's only followed it up with a kissing emoji, which Jerrika used to punctuate her announcement.
10 Biafran Agitators Sues Buratai, 13 Others In US Court [SEE WHY]
Ten Biafran agitators have filed a suit against Tukur Buratai, chief of army staff, and 13 others for their alleged complicity in the 2016 torture and extra-judicial killings of some Biafra protesters.
Brought under the torture victims protection act and alien tort claims act complaint, the plaintiffs are seeking millions of dollars as damages for their “grievous losses and suffering”.
The suit, John Doe, et al vs. Tukur Yusuf Buratai et al, with civil action No. 1:17-cv-01033, has been assigned to Ellen Huvelle, a district judge.
At a press briefing in Lagos on Wednesday, some civil society groups alleged that those behind the suit were being used to distract the military and to also interfere in the sovereignty of Nigeria.
Oladimeji Odeyemi, president of the National Committee of Yoruba Youth (NCYY), one of the groups, said his organisation would write a petition to the US embassy in Nigeria over the issue.
“We have concluded plans to petition the embassy of the United States in Nigeria over yet another attempt to carry out orchestrated plans to distract the nation's security agencies, particularly the Nigerian Army,” he said.
“The activities of these persons who now seek to hide under the US Judicial system to distract Nigeria's ongoing war against terrorism, separatists' agitation and all forms of insurgency pose several security threats to not just Nigeria, but also to other countries of the world.
“We will mobilise the support of the United States government and other international bodies to assist Nigeria in promoting and sustaining the peaceful atmosphere currently being experienced in the country as a result of the brilliant effort of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, coupled with the untiring commitment of the nation's security agencies.
“We wish to advise those persons and their political patrons who think they can hide in foreign lands to truncate the ongoing process of sustaining our country's unity and mutual trust to have a rethink, and join in the ongoing process of building a new Nigeria.”
The post 10 Biafran Agitators Sues Buratai, 13 Others In US Court [SEE WHY] appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Andres Iniesta might be set to grace the J.League but former Spain team-mate Fernando Torres will not be joining him – just yet.
Following Barcelona great Iniesta completing his surprise switch to Vissel Kobe last week, Torres has been linked with a move to Sagan Tosu in Japan's top flight.
On Wednesday, the J. League published a story on its official website announcing the 34-year-old striker had signed for struggling Sagan – the club lie second bottom in the table after 15 matches this season – only to swiftly take the article down and publish an apology.
"Today on the official website of the J.League, a page containing incorrect information regarding a player joining Sagan Tosu was made viewable," a statement read.
"Our sincere apologies go to the Sagan Tosu club, everybody involved with the club, fans and supporters for any inconvenience this may have caused.
"We are currently investigating what caused this error and we will do our very best to prevent this from happening again."
Torres bade an emotional farewell to Atletico Madrid on the final day of LaLiga this season, scoring his 128th and 129th goals for his boyhood club in a 2-2 draw against Eibar.
MISHAWAKA, Ind. — An electric vehicle startup announced Wednesday that it is retooling an Indiana factory and hopes to conduct trial runs for two new lines of vehicles by the end of the year.
State officials say SF Motors, a Silicon Valley-based subsidiary of China's Chongqing Sokon Industry Group, plans to hire back some workers who were laid off when AM General halted operations at its Mishawaka plant last year.
The company says it will spend $160 million to buy, renovate and retool the factory, which will serve as the company's main U.S. manufacturing plant. It plans to employ up to 467 workers.
To secure the deal, the state of Indiana is offering the company $3.8 million in tax credits and up to $500,000 for worker training. The state is also offering an additional $653,000 in tax credits through a program that encourages companies to take over existing out-of-operation facilities.
Saint Joseph County, where the factory is located, is also considering an economic incentives package for the company.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb joined company officials for the announcement on Wednesday.
“With a world of options, we're thrilled SF Motors chose to expand in Indiana. We look forward to witnessing their continued success in Indiana as they develop 21st-century solutions with the help of our talented Hoosier workforce,” Holcomb said in a statement.
The South Bend Tribune previously reported that the plant made Mercedes-Benz R-Class vehicles for Chinese buyers and the Hummer H2.
In March, SF Motors officials showed off two crossover SUVs vehicles, the SF5 and SF7, at its Santa Clara, California, headquarters. Both vehicles are slated for production at the Indiana factory.
The plant will handle full production of the vehicles, from body welding to battery production and final assembly.
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: 3news.com
2017-10-06
‘Asahi' branded mackerel is imported by one Kofi Dokyi
The Food and Drugs Authority has begun investigations to establish how at least four 20-footer containers of rotten mackerel were imported into the country, cleared and some leased onto the market.
One Kofi Dokyi, who imported the ‘Asahi' branded mackerel into the country has been given a police bail together with four drivers of the container truck which carried the goods to a warehouse at Ofankor in Accra.
TV3 broke the story of the rotten mackerels on Wednesday after it discovered the products which were cleared at Tema Port on Saturday, September 30.
The stench from the products was too strong to ignore even about half a kilometer away.
One container-full of the rotten mackerel is believed to have been released onto the market. The others have since been intercepted by the Achimota Mile 7 Police who are also investigating the matter.
Mr Dokyi, who is the CEO of Dokyisco Ventures, a company engaged in the importation of goods from China, has already given his statement to the Police.
Checks by TV3 have revealed the Asahi mackerel has not been registered with the Food and Drugs Authority as required by law.
The Tema Port Office of the FDA also denied knowledge of ever inspecting and giving approval for the products to be cleared.
“Survivor” contestant Jeff Varner was fired from his real estate job for outing another contestant as transgender. Who has hosted Survivor since its inception in 2000?
80 years ago today in 1937, Daffy Duck made his debut in “Pork's Duck Hunt.” which of these catch phrases from the Looney Toons is attributed to Daffy?
The Boston Marathon is today! What year did it start?
Gene Simmons ranted about how people are killing the music they love by supporting streaming, but he does not care because he already made his money. What is the name of his reality show about his family life and ran for 7 seasons?
The original writers of “Coming to America” are returning to write the sequel. What is the name of the McDonald's rip off restaurant that plays a key part in the original film?
Can you beat Kennedy?
LONDON (AP) — A senior BBC journalist who quit her post to protest the gender pay gap says management is hurting the corporation's credibility by failing to address the issue.
Carrie Gracie, the broadcaster's former China editor, says BBC managers have treated women who speak out about pay "as some sort of enemy."
Tensions over pay flared last summer when the BBC released a list of top earners that showed many high-profile women earned far less than their male counterparts.
She told a committee of lawmakers on Wednesday that management's failure to address the problem was "damaging the credibility of the BBC in a completely unacceptable way."
Gracie resigned from her post in early January, after learning that male colleagues in similar jobs had much higher salaries.
The Atlanta Hawks have been listening to trade pitches for forward Paul Millsap in recent days, reports ESPN.com's Brian Windhorst and Marc Stein.
The NBA trading deal is Feb. 23.
Millsap could become an unrestricted free agent at season's end and according to the report, Atlanta is fearful of not receiving any compensation should Millsap leave for another team.
The team are also taking calls on guard Kyle Korver and small forward Thabo Sefolosha, as both will be free agents in the summer as well.
Millsap, 31, has decided to opt out of the final season of his contract. He signed a three-year, $60.216 million in July 2015 and is scheduled to make $21.5 million for the 2017-18 season.
Millsap, a three-time NBA All-Star, is 17.8 points and 8.2 rebounds this season for Atlanta, who have a 18–16 record, good for the fifth=best in the Eastern Conference.
Korver is averaging 9.8 points, 2.2 assists, and 2.8 rebounds, and is shooting 41% from three-point range, while Sefolosha is averaging 7.9 points and 4.7 rebounds.
– Scooby Axson
This article originally appeared on
Why it matters to you Battle.net now lets you avoid those requests to play every time you boot up the software. It's anti-social, but we all need to do it sometimes.
A new update for the Blizzard Battle.net service (yes, it is still called that) lets you set your status as “Offline.” This comes as part of an update to the beta branch of the online-gaming platform, along with a new social tab, profile system, and avatars, Eurogamer reports. Blizzard groups have also been added, to balance out the social part of the service.
It's not always easy to turn down friends who want to play another round of Overwatch, especially when they can see that you're online. Using the new “Offline” status though will let you hide from your pals for a few hours so you can get some single-player gaming in.
Bear in mind though, that you will only appear offline. That means if you do go into certain online games, your friends who are playing it will be able to see your character come online. However, everyone outside of those games will see you as offline.
As if that seemed too anti-social for this update though, Blizzard bundled it with a number of social-enhancing features too. The new Blizzard Groups and social tab help bring together players of different games and those who are already on your friends list to chat. The idea is to help foster better relationships between existing friends, help you plan your next mission, and let fans of different games meet digitally to perhaps play together in the future.
To let your newly found friends learn a little about you, you can now put a few of your preferences and information on your profile page. Along with your name, a chosen avatar, and backdrop, you can have a short “About” section describing you, or more likely making a snarky gamer joke. Profile pages will also list the Blizzard games you play (even Destiny 2) and offer a quick link to start a chat. It even has a place for friends to leave notes for you and links to your relevant social media accounts.
As it stands, it's not clear when these features will become available for the wider user base. In the meantime, if you'd like to take part in the beta release of the Battle.net client, all you need do is open it up, go to the app's settings and click on the beta tab.
While almost all toys can teach your child something, there are a growing number of educational toys on the market that hone in on individual development skills. Unlike the standard toy, educational toys help a child develop a particular skill or teach a child about a particular subject. Educational toys can be simple or complex, modestly low tech or extremely high tech, but the best educational toy deals we found are all effective in their purpose.
Many of today's educational toys fall under a category call S.T.E.M. toys, which is an acronym for the four disciplines of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics. S.T.E.M. learning can take place in and out of the classroom and is recognized by the National Department of Education, the U.S. Department of Education, and other agencies, intended to prepare children for the growing number of jobs within those four disciplines. Earlier this year Amazon even went as far as to launch a S.T.E.M subscription service to cater to growing interest in this sector of learning.
Just in time to get your young genius ready for the school year, we've rounded up the best learning toys available to give your child a heads-up on his or her classmates. Read on to discover the best educational toy deals for kids that are both helpful for developing brains and, most importantly, fun.
Scientific Explorer Tasty Science Kit Help your child learn science alongside culinary skills with this Scientific Explorer Tasty Science Kit, which is currently 56 percent off on Amazon. The kit is intended for children 8 years old and up and allows them to use their skills of observation and their stomach to experiment like a real food scientist. The kit is packed with ingredients, recipes, activity cards, and a test tube laboratory, so your children can create 10 different and repeatable delicious, creative and edible concoctions from the safety of your kitchen. Kids get a sense of how good science can taste as they whip up rockin' crystallized candy, cupcakes, cookies, and fizzy drinks. The kit specifically focuses on helping kids learn through play why soda pop fizzes, why cakes rise, and why other chemical reactions happen when cooking. The kit is part of the series of home science kits based on the nationally recognized Great Explorations in Math and Science (GEMS) program pioneered at UC Berkeley's Lawrence Hall of Science, in which Scientific Explorer is the industry leader in fun, educational, and activity-based science kits. The Scientific Explorer Tasty Science Kit regularly retails for $27 but is currently marked down to $12 on Amazon, saving you $15 (56 percent). Amazon
Snap Circuits Lights Electronics Discovery Kit Give your child a hands-on introduction to electronics with this Snap Circuits Lights Electronics Discovery Kit, which is currently 29 percent off on Amazon. The kit is the electricity-focused model in a line of fully compatible and upgradeable Snap Circuit products, which have received several awards including the National Parenting Center-Seal of Approval, and has been featured on the list of Dr. Toy's 100 Best Children's Products list as well as the Best Educational Products list. The learning toy comes with instructions to make over 175 projects with over 55 color-coded circuit components. The real circuit components snap together to create working electronic circuits and devices without the need for tools or soldering. The pieces are numbered and color-coded to make identifying them easy, which further teaches children how to follow instructions. The lessons start out simple and then build up in complexity so you child can learn at his or her own pace. Projects include building an infrared detector, strobe light with spinning patterns, color changing LED lights, glow-in-the-dark flying fan, strobe integrated circuit (IC), color organ controlled by iPods or other MP3 players and more. This particular kit is ranked No. 3 in the Amazon subcategory of Electronics under the Learning and Education category. The Snap Circuits Lights Electronics Discovery Kit regularly retails for $80 but is currently discounted to $57 on Amazon, saving you $23 (29 percent). Amazon
Wonder Workshop Dash Robot Give your child a robot that's not only fun but also helps him or her learn to code with this Wonder Workshop Dash Robot, which is currently 17 percent off on Amazon. The robot is designed for children 6 years old and up and is responsive to its world, which makes learning to code fun for kids. The educational robot comes with hundreds of exciting coding adventures and projects available in Wonder and Blockly apps. Simply use your Apple or Android smart phone or tablet to program Dash to move, dance, light up, make sounds, avoid obstacles, and even react to voices. The Blockly apps feature built-in challenge tutorials that teach you how to program Dash from the very beginning, so your child can play with the robot straight out of the box. In addition to coding skills, the learning toy helps your child develop patience and build problem-solving skills with hundreds of projects, challenges, and puzzles as well as endless possibilities for free-form play. The Wonder Workshop Dash Robot normally retails for $150 but is currently on sale for $124 on Amazon, providing a $26 (17-percent) discount. Amazon
LittleBits Electronics Smart Home Kit Introduce your child to the world of smart home configurations with this LittleBits Electronics Smart Home Kit, which is currently $62 off on Amazon. This smart home kit can turn any ‘dumb' household object (such as a fan or lamp) into an internet-connected device. The smart home kit helps to foster tomorrow's innovators and idea-makers. The kit makes creative discovery and invention a snap for next-generation thinkers, designers, and tinkerers of all ages and genders with no programming, soldering, or wiring required. It includes everything needed to make internet-connected devices right out of the box and you can connect nearly everything because the library can now ‘talk' to the internet and vice versa. The kit helps kids develop design and critical thinking skills through invention, whether they build from instructions or their own imagination. Kids learn the power of starting to creating something and then using it, improving it, and experimenting with it. The product focuses on helping to unleash the inventor within by engaging kids in an incredibly powerful, exhilarating, and most importantly, fun process of invention, rather than prescribing one-off experiences. The LittleBits Electronics Smart Home Kit regularly retails for $250 but is currently discounted to $188 on Amazon, saving you $62 (25 percent). Amazon
Terrorism: Lagos airport gets new anti-explosive machines
By Louis Ibah
The Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos, has received a new set of anti-explosives and narcotic baggage scanning machines as part of efforts to boost safety and security of airlines, passengers and other users of the airport.
Managing Director of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Mr. Saleh Dunoma, who stated this on Wednesday said the investment was targeted at upgrading infrastructure at the airport to meet international aviation standards and recommended best practices on safety and security at airports. He described the machines as ‘astrophysics' and manufactured in California, USA.
“It will identify hidden threats in carry-on items and checked-in baggages at airports. It has high penetration steel and it can detect explosives and narcotics and other prohibited items,” he said.
He said FAAN had recently carried out a test-run of the machine at the Lagos airport, explaining that the project would be extended to all the nation's international airports in Abuja, Kano, Port Harcourt, Kaduna and Enugu as part of a broader investment geared at boosting safety and security programmes around the country's airports.
“Our intent is to deploy these scanners to our international airports but this depends on the outcome of its performance in Lagos,” said Dunoma.
“The interest is to make sure the airports are safe and secure, protect lives and provide machines of immense benefits to airlines and also assist the operations of other agencies at the airport, making them more efficient,” Dunoma added.
According to the supplier of the machines, Akin Mustapha, “it has six colour generation and that enables it to do a proper analysis of objects that go into it, better than others. It is highly reliable and very sensitive. In other airports around the world, they are taking away other machines and replacing them with this machine (astrophysics) for upgrade and efficiency.
“With superior image quality and innovative features including six colour imaging for increased object identification and screener assist for automatic programmable detection, astrophysics provides operators with the advanced tools required for quick and reliable airport screening,” he added.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After a nearly career-altering neck injury in 2015, Clemson wide receiver Mike Williams bounced back in his senior year in a big way, and has jumped to the top of the wide receiver boards.
Clemson wide receiver Mike Williams began his junior season with excitement followed immediately by pain.
After catching a touchdown in the season opener, he collided with the goal post and fractured his neck, and just like that, after an impressive sophomore campaign with more than 1,000 yards receiving, his season was finished.
The next year he more than made up for it. Williams returned as a second-team Walter Camp All-American and first-team All-ACC pick to catch 84 passes for 1,171 yards and 10 scores. A good portion of them showed off his ability to make contested plays, using his 6-foot-4, 218-pound body to jump over defenders.
“Just the confidence that I have, from practice,” Williams said of the secret to making highlight catches. “I just believe if the ball is in the air, it's mine. That's just confidence gained from practice and just going out there every day having fun.”
Williams also made those kinds of catches an important part of his practice regimen, knowing where his feet and body is positioned as the ball comes down.
“That's mainly what I practice at Clemson is the boundary,” Williams said. “It's a small amount of field over there, when you're on that boundary. You just have to be physical over there and work a lot of technique.”
Among the many mock drafts that have been written over the last couple months, Williams is at, or near, the top of the wide receivers list. His 4.49 40-yard dash at Clemson's Pro Day along with a 32.5 inch vertical, 121-inch broad jump and 15 bench press reps have certainly helped his cause, too.
“I want to go where somebody wants me,” Williams said. “I feel like I'm one of the best receivers there, but I want to go where somebody wants me.”
Naturally, somebody will want him. As a member of the winning National Championship team several months ago, and on the receiving end of Heisman Trophy runner-up Deshaun Watson's passes, Williams knows what it takes to reach the pinnacle of success.
That's also come from playing against some of the better defensive backs and players in the conference along with those from powerhouses Alabama and Ohio State, many of whom will be first round draft picks themselves.
“Last year we didn't know what it takes to win a national championship,” he said. “Coming back this year, we knew what it took. We had experience in our quarterback and the rest of the offense to redeem ourselves.”
Williams looks up to a number of NFL wide receivers – from current stars in A.J. Green to retired ones such as Calvin Johnson – and knows his skillset speaks for itself in the face of other wide receiving options in the draft.
“Probably my physicality,” Williams said of his defining trait. “Coming from a program like Clemson, competing with the best every day. Going to the league, it's going to be different, but I feel like I'm ready for it.”
(AP Photo/John Minchillo). Alison Lebrun helps tie blue-and-white awareness ribbons along Springfield Pike near the family home of Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate student who was imprisoned in North Korea in March 2016...
(AP Photo/John Minchillo). A pair of hugs and cries outside the plane carrying Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate student who was imprisoned in North Korea in March 2016, before he is transferred from a transport aircraft to...
(AP Photo/John Minchillo). Visitors and medical personnel enter a transport plane carrying Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate student who was imprisoned in North Korea in March 2016, before he is transferred to an ambulan...
(AP Photo/John Minchillo). Two people hug outside the plane carrying Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate student who was imprisoned in North Korea in March 2016, before he is transferred from a transport aircraft to an amb...
(Sam Greene/The Cincinnati Enquirer via AP). Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old college student detained and imprisoned in North Korea, is carried off of an airplane at Lunken Airport in Cincinnati on Tuesday, June 13, 2017. Warmbier arrived in Ohio after be...
By DAKE KANGAssociated Press
WYOMING, Ohio (AP) - The father of an American college student who was imprisoned in North Korea and was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma says the family is "adjusting to a different reality."
Fred Warmbier told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday that his son, Otto, was "terrorized and brutalized" during his 17-month detention and has been in a coma for more than a year.
"The day after he was sentenced, he went into a coma," the father said in an interview scheduled to air Thursday night. He said he and his wife, Cindy, only learned of their son's condition last week.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and arrived in Cincinnati late Tuesday. He was then taken by ambulance to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center. A hospital spokeswoman did not provide an update on his condition, but said his parents planned to hold a Thursday morning news conference.
Their public appearance will be at Wyoming High School, one of Ohio's top-rated schools. Warmbier graduated from there in 2013 as class salutatorian and had played soccer.
Residents of the northern Cincinnati suburb tied blue-and-white ribbons, the school colors, to trees near the family's home. Joy at his release was mixed with concern over his condition.
In its first official comment since Warmbier was returned home, North Korea said it released him over humanitarian reasons. The state-run Korean Central News Agency on Thursday said he had been sentenced to hard labor but did not comment on his medical condition.
Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said there should be an investigation into what happened to Warmbier leading to this "tragic situation."
Richardson, a Democrat, credited the Department of State with securing Warmbier's return from North Korea without any preconditions but said a forceful response from the U.S. government would be required "if its determined that there was a cover-up and Otto's condition was not disclosed and he didn't get proper treatment."
City councilwoman Jenni McCauley said the tight-knit community was "thrilled" to have Warmbier back.
"Even though they're saddened by his condition, they're just glad for the family that he is home," McCauley said. "For any parent, this is their worst nightmare. ... We're hoping that he will be OK."
Warmbier was serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor in North Korea after he tearfully confessed that he tried to steal a propaganda banner while visiting the country.
Such detentions in the totalitarian nation have added to tensions between Washington and Pyongyang. Three Americans remain in custody.
The U.S. government accuses North Korea of using such detainees as political pawns. North Korea accuses Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its government.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday that his department was continuing "to have discussions" with North Korea about the release of the other three imprisoned American citizens.
When asked by Fox News what he would tell the families of those detained, Fred Warmbier said, "I wouldn't know what to say to them. This is, I've been told, not precedented."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — Prime-time viewership numbers compiled by Nielsen for April 16-22. Listings include the week's ranking and viewership.
1. "Roseanne," ABC, 13.27 million.
2. "The Big Bang Theory," CBS, 12.91 million.
3. "Young Sheldon," CBS, 11.67 million.
4. "NCIS," CBS, 11.44 million.
5. "Bull," CBS, 10.83 million.
6. "The Voice" (Monday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 9.35 million.
7. "60 Minutes," CBS, 9.02 million.
8. "Mom," CBS, 8.83 million.
9. "NCIS: New Orleans," CBS, 8.46 million.
10. "The Voice" (Wednesday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 8.39 million.
11. "The Voice" (Tuesday, 8 p.m.), NBC, 8.35 million.
12. "Survivor," CBS, 7.74 million.
13. "NCIS: Los Angeles," CBS, 7.57 million.
14. "Hawaii Five-0," CBS, 7.52 million.
15. "American Idol" (Sunday), ABC, 7.46 million.
16. "Instinct," CBS, 7.11 million.
17. "American Idol" (Monday), ABC, 6.97 million.
18. "Grey's Anatomy," ABC, 6.93 million.
19. "Chicago PD," NBC, 6.62 million.
20. "Law & Order: SVU,' NBC, 6.58 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co.; CBS is a division of CBS Corp.; Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox; NBC is owned by NBC Universal.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Florida's governor has ordered a statue of a Confederate general at the U.S. Capitol to be removed and replaced with one of an African-American woman.
Gov. Rick Scott signed the bill (SB 472) making that step official Monday.
The bill removes a statue of Confederate Gen. Edmund Kirby Smith and replaces it with a statue of Mary McLeod Bethune. She founded a school that would eventually become historically black Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Bethune's statue would be the first African-American woman in Statuary Hall.
Congress allows each state two statues in Statuary Hall. Florida's other one is of John Gorrie, whose inventions led to modern-day air conditioning.
(AP Photo). FILE - In this undated file photo, University of Arkansas athletic director Frank Broyles, left, jokes with then-Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton. Broyles, who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later...
(AP Photo/Mike Wintroath, File). FILE - In this Jan. 11, 2005, file photo, Frank Broyles, University of Arkansas Athletic Director, left, and Gene Chizik, right, defensive coordinator for Auburn University's football team, talk next to the Broyles Awar...
(AP Photo/Beth Hall, File). FILE - In this Nov. 3, 2007, file photo, outgoing Arkansas athletic director and former football coach Frank Broyles, left, and school Chancellor John White, right, lead the school cheer on the field at Reynolds Razorback St...
(AP Photo/Ferd Kaufman, File). FILE - In this Dec. 6, 1975, file photo, Arkansas coach Frank Broyles is carried from the field by players Teddy Barnes, left, and Richard LaFargue (52) following his team's 30-6 NCAA college football game victory over Te...
(AP Photo/April L. Brown, File). FILE - In this Nov. 23, 2012, file photo, former Arkansas coach and athletic director Frank Broyles is recognized during an NCAA college football game between LSU and Arkansas, in Fayetteville, Ark. Broyles, who guided ...
By KURT VOIGTAP Sports Writer
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Frank Broyles, who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later molded the overall program as its athletic director, died Monday at the age of 92.
Broyles died from complications of Alzheimer's disease, according to a statement from his family. "He passed peacefully in his home surrounded by his loved ones," the statement said.
Broyles won almost 71 percent of his games as head football coach with the Razorbacks for 19 years. He became the school's athletic director in 1974 while still the football coach, eventually retiring from the gridiron to focus on administrative duties following the 1976 season.
As athletic director, Broyles led an overhaul and upgrade of Arkansas' facilities - as well as leading the school in its move to the Southeastern Conference. Following his coaching career, Broyles - who earned a spot in the National Football Foundation's College Hall of Fame - served as an analyst on ABC's college football telecasts.
While his coaching record of 144-48-5 defined the first part of his career, Broyles' legacy at Arkansas is every bit equaled by his work as athletic director.
Arkansas' athletic facilities underwent a near-complete overhaul following the school's move from the Southwest Conference to the SEC in 1991.
Broyles' spearheaded the fundraising efforts that led to the construction of Bud Walton Arena, the renovation of and additions to Razorback Stadium and the building of Baum Stadium. He also guided the school as it built indoor and outdoor tracks, a tennis facility and the athletic administrative complex that bears his name.
Broyles was known for his ability to identify top coaches, both head coaches and assistants.
He was responsible for the hiring of basketball coaches Eddie Sutton and Nolan Richardson as well as Lou Holtz and Ken Hatfield in football. Broyles also hired former great John McDonnell in track.
McDonnell won 40 national championships with the Razorbacks, while Richardson led Arkansas to the 1994 national championship in men's basketball.
Broyles retired as athletic director in 2007, moving into a fundraising role with the school's Razorback Foundation until his retirement from that role in 2014.
"For the past 56 years, I have had the privilege or working in the only job I ever wanted - to be the head football coach and then the athletic director of the Razorbacks," Broyles said at the time. "The Razorbacks have always been my passion."
He spent much of his time later in life attending various Arkansas sporting events and raising money for Alzheimer's awareness after the 2004 death of his wife, Barbara, following a battle with the disease.
He started the Frank and Barbara Broyles Foundation CareGivers United, an Alzheimer's education organization, and wrote a book that published more than 800,000 copies and focused on helping those who care for loved ones with Alzheimer's.
"In 50 years, people are going to look back and that's what they are going to remember him for, his second legacy," said Broyles' daughter, Betsy Arnold.
Under Broyles as coach, the Razorbacks won or shared seven Southwest Conference football titles and went to 10 bowl games.
That included a win over Nebraska in the Cotton Bowl following the 1964 regular season, which left the Razorbacks 11-0. Alabama was also undefeated entering the bowl season and was named the national champion by The Associated Press poll, but the Crimson Tide lost its bowl game to Texas - leading to Arkansas being named the champion by the Football Writers Association of America.
The Associated Press poll soon thereafter changed its policy and began naming its champion following the bowl games.
Several prominent football figures were members of the undefeated 1964 football team, including Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, former Miami Hurricanes and Dallas coach Jimmy Johnson and Hatfield.
"He's a life teacher," Jones told The Associated Press in 2014. "He always spoke about football as it related to life ... All things pointed to life's lessons."
One of Broyles' first moves as athletic director was the hiring of Sutton, the coaching great who took over a struggling basketball program and turned it into a national power.
Following Sutton's departure, Broyles once again struck coaching gold with the hiring of Richardson - though the two strong personalities later clashed when Richardson was fired in 2002 and claimed he was a victim of racial discrimination, a lawsuit that was eventually ruled without merit.
At Decatur, Georgia, Broyles was a star in football, basketball and baseball. He won 10 letters in those three sports at Georgia Tech and was the All-SEC quarterback in 1944 and 1946.
He graduated from Georgia Tech in 1947 with an industrial management degree and turned down professional football and baseball offers before he accepted a position on Bob Woodruff's staff at Baylor.
After a year as an assistant at Florida, Broyles returned to Georgia Tech as the offensive backfield coach and the Yellowjackets won 31 straight.
In 1957, Broyles was hired as head coach at Missouri and guided the Tigers to a 5-4-1 record. The following January, Arkansas athletic director John Barnhill offered Broyles the Arkansas job vacated by Jack Mitchell.
Broyles' first team started 0-6 and finished 4-6. Only one other time did the Razorbacks finish below .500 under Broyles.
A couple dozen of Broyles' players or assistants became head coaches, leading to the creation of the annual Broyles Award - giving to the nation's top assistant coach - in his honor.
Broyles had four sons and two daughters with his first wife, Barbara, and later remarried Gen Whitehead in late 2005.
"I will forever be grateful for the generosity, graciousness and unwavering support he extended to me when I came to the University of Arkansas," current Arkansas athletic director Jeff Long said. "The thoughts and prayers of the entire Razorback nation are with his wife Gen, his children and the entire Broyles family."
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Find out who could be a Strictly Come Dancing 2018 contestant this autumn on BBC1
They Strictly Come Dancing line-up rumours are already in full swing, with plenty of actors, presenters and TV stars in the mix for 2018.
Advertisement
But who will be pulling on the sequins and polishing up their salsa? Although no names have yet been confirmed, what we do know is that there has been a change in Strictly's backstage line-up this year.
Since 2013 Vinnie Shergill had been the talent executive for the show, signing up all of the Strictly celebrities. However, this year the job of curating Strictly's line-up now falls to Stefania Aleksander, who has previously worked as a booker securing celebs for I'm a Celebrity, The Jump, Five-Star Hotel and The Real Marigold Hotel, amongst other shows.
So who will be on that final confirmed list come the autumn? Ahead of series 16, we round up all of the whispers and gossip…
Chelsea Halfpenny
We recently asked Casualty star Chelsea Halfpenny whether there was any truth to the rumours that she was going to be on Strictly Come Dancing this year.
“I know, I read that!” Chelsea said of the reports. “I mean, I always say ‘never say never' but I just have to mention that I am not as light on my feet as my auntie – I don't think I would have the success that she had!”
Chelsea's aunt is Jill Halfpenny – the soap and drama star who went on to win Strictly's second series back in 2004. “She is definitely the dancer in the family,” adds Chelsea.
Read more about what Chelsea had to say about Strictly here – including the dance lessons she's recently been having!
Montana Brown
Former Love Island star Montana Brown has thrown her hat into the Strictly ring. Asked in a Superdrug magazine interview about starring in more reality shows, she said: “The only other one I'd do is Strictly, as I'm a terrible dancer and I'd love to learn properly.”
John Bercow
After the odds for House of Commons Speaker John Bercow having to step down from his position were slashed, so were his odds of taking part in this year's Strictly Come Dancing.
Bookies are currently offering 16/1 for John to be part of the line-up for series 16 of the BBC1 entertainment show. His wife Sally Bercow has already taken part in reality TV after being on Celebrity Big Brother back in 2011.
Lizzy Yarnold
Double Winter Olympic champion Lizzy Yarnold is reportedly being lined up to take part on the show this year.
According to the Daily Mail, a source said: “She has always admired the show but has never had a chance to consider it because of training. She has just made history in becoming the first Briton to win back-to-back Winter Olympic golds. She likes making history and being the first Winter Olympian on Strictly would be another great accolade.
“She has met the show's bosses and looks to be lined up. She is a secret boogier and would love to learn to dance.”
Watch this space!
Steph McGovern
Strictly Come Dancing certainly have a penchant for BBC Breakfast presenters. Susanna Reid, Carol Kirkwood, Naga Munchetty and Bill Turnbull have all taken part in the show over the years, and business reporter Steph McGovern's stock is certainly rising as she now also hosts Watchdog and Shop Well for Less.
During the last series of Strictly, Steph was also spotted in the live audience of the show so she's clearly a fan.
Coleen Rooney
Wayne's wife Coleen has already been heavily rumoured by the tabloid press this year. It was reported in April that she was initially in the mix for last year's show, but was replaced by Holby City actress Chizzy Akudolu after finding out she was pregnant with her fourth son. A source told The Mirror: “This would be one of Strictly's biggest ­signings ever. And it would be a ratings ­sensation.”
Professor Alice Roberts
Professor Alice Roberts previously revealed that she had made the Strictly Come Dancing shortlist twice in the past, but had sadly failed to make the final cut.
She previously said: “I'd do it like a shot. It's all incredibly secret. The first time, I met a producer who quizzed me about my dance prowess, which is zero. I failed Grade One ballet, which I don't think anyone else ever has. The second time my agent was simply told I was shortlisted. So excited each time. But then… no. Devastating.”
In a more recent chat with Radio Times, we asked Alice if she had heard anything this year and whether it was going to be third time lucky. “Oh my God, I don't know,” she said. “I haven't heard anything. I'll keep my fingers crossed!”
Richard Hammond
Could The Hamster be swapping four wheels for a Foxtrot? The former Top Gear presenter and current Grand Tour host would certainly be a coup signing for the Beeb, and Richard was even spotted in the Strictly audience during last year's show. If Clarkson can host Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, Hammond can definitely do lycra.
Maya Jama
The 23-year-old television and radio presenter is exactly the sort of rising star Strictly Come Dancing would love to sign up. Her long-term boyfriend is none other than Stormzy (how amazing would it be to see him in the Strictly audience? It'd be even better than that time he popped up on Love Island) and Maya is already part of the BBC family. She hosts on Radio 1, as well as presenting ITV's Cannonball.
Like Daisy Lowe and Mollie King before her, Maya would bring some much-needed cool credentials to the line-up.
Jessica Ennis-Hill
Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill is no stranger to being asked to do Strictly Come Dancing. Back in 2016, the decorated Olympic champion said she had previously “been asked to do it a few times”.
“I love watching it, I really love the programme, but I'm not sure,” she said. “I would be terrible. I'm not ready for Strictly. I'll stick to my cycle and a bit of running here and there, I think.”
Saying she's “not ready” sounds to us like more of a case of when not if…
Diana Vickers
Former X Factor contestant Diana Vickers certainly fits the mould of being a Strictly Come Dancing contestant. With Alexandra Burke and Aston Merrygold both taking part in series 15 of Strictly last year, the show bosses clearly aren't averse to X Factor alumni.
But the key reason why we could be seeing Diana on the dance floor? Prior to signing up to Strictly, Alexandra had worked with Craig Revel Horwood in the stage version of Sister Act.
And who was the choreographer on Diana's recent theatre production of Son of a Preacher Man? Why, Craig Revel Horwood of course!
Catherine Tyldesley
The Coronation Street star recently told RadioTimes.com that she only has nine weeks left on the cobbles before leaving the soap.
Speaking about bowing out of the show after seven years, she said, “It feels like I've got fire in my belly and I'm ready to see what the world has to offer.”
Both Georgia May Foote and Natalie Gumede took part in Strictly shortly after leaving the show. Will Catherine be the next to follow in their sparkly footsteps?
Les Dennis
This isn't the most enthusiastic response to the question we've ever heard, but when Les Dennis was quizzed on Sunday Brunch about whether he'd be up for doing Strictly, he replied, “When I was doing Coronation Street I was approached but we weren't allowed to do it, we had a policy. I wouldn't mind doing it, I always like a challenge.”
Shayne Ward
It was announced back in November that Shayne would be leaving the role of Aiden Connor in a dramatic storyline. Similar to Catherine and Les, Corrie actors aren't allowed to take part in the show while they're on the cobbles, but now he's a free man could he be eyed up for Strictly series 15?
Bonnie Langford
#dancemom A post shared by Davood Ghadami (@therealdavood) on Oct 9, 2017 at 5:24am PDT
Much like hooking in a BBC Breakfast presenter nearly every year, it's become something of a rite of passage to have one of the cast of EastEnders crossing the road from the soap's Elstree studio to Strictly.
Speaking to RadioTimes.com while he was doing Strictly last year, Davood Ghadmi, who plays Bonnie Langford's on-screen son, said of her potentially doing the show: “I think it'd be wonderful – she'd be brilliant. She's not got experience of ballroom so much, but she loves dance and she's so capable and she's taught me a few stretches.
“But she's just a great personality as well and I think the public would love her. She knows her onions when it comes to the dances as well and she knows how to perform. She's a great entertainer.”
After the incredible success of 59-year-old Debbie McGee on the show last year, could 53-year-old Bonnie be about to do the same?
Brendan Sheerin
The Coach Trip star seemed to drop a big hint back in March when he addressed @BBCStrictly directly on Twitter saying he was ‘Glitterball ready'.
Does this mean he's in the mix for this year's series? We're flipping well hope so.
Advertisement
Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC1 this autumn
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You've got to love a Wetherspoon pub, whether you're hanging out with colleagues after work, or calling in for breakfast or lunch.
Prices are good, there is usually plenty of space and you don't have to shout over loud music to have a conversation.
We've got three Wetherspoon pubs in Croydon town centre – The Skylark, Milan Bar and The George – as well as branches in Crystal Palace, Norbury, Thornton Heath (for now), Purley and Selsdon, so we must love the brand.
With that in mind, you will no doubt be familiar with these 10 quirks and features of a Spoon's in Croydon, some unique to the borough's pubs and some that apply anywhere.
1. You can get trapped
You meet in a Wetherspoon for a quick one after work with the intention of making the short walk to somewhere more exciting.
Six drinks later and it's last orders and you never even tried to make it into town.
That's the danger of Wetherspoon prices being cheaper than many other places. You might never leave.
2. You've got one mate who only ever offers to buy a round in a Spoon's
(Image: Getty Images)
Everyone knows somebody who tends to keep quiet when it comes to getting the drinks in, but they're a lot more willing when you're in a Wetherspoon pub.
If you're on a mini crawl, Timmy tight wad suddenly pipes up at the prospect of a cut price round when you enter a Spoon's.
"I'll get these, lads."
3. You've rifled through the books on the shelf at The Skylark
(Image: David Cook)
They are only really there for show but there has come a point when curiosity has got the better of you and you've pulled out one of the books on the shelf in the back right corner of The Skylark.
Are they real books? Do they actually have any words in? Yes they do. But you quickly realise that 18th century geography can't keep you entertained for long.
4. You've made a joke about The Milan Bar's name
(Image: David Cook)
Where? This is Croydon, not Italy. But every Wetherspoon pub has a story with a local connection behind the name. The Milan Bar is on the site of what was once Grant's department store.
The Grant brothers were drapers who specialised in dressmaking and millinery. And while a milliner makes or sells hats, the name originally meant a seller of goods from Milan.
A bit convoluted but clearly well thought out.
5. There's always someone enjoying a pint at 9am
You've called in for a full English to soak up that hangover from the night before and the thought of another drink does not appeal.
But there is always some dedicated drinker, tucked in a corner having a pint at 9am. Cheers!
6. Your culinary diary regularly includes Curry Club
Rather than grabbing a ready meal curry from the supermarket on your way home from the office you decide it wouldn't be breaking to bank to get a curry at Spoon's with all the trimmings.
And you can have a pint or a cheeky wine with it. Well, it is Friday tomorrow.
Then of course there is Tuesday's Steak Club, Wednesday's Chicken Club and Fish Friday. Who needs to cook?
7. It's impossible to get a seat in the George after 5pm
(Image: David Cook)
We've all done the 'march of sorrow' from one end of The George to the other, checking in the little nooks and crannies on the right, to then be forced to stand awkwardly in the middle of the room.
If you don't get there early enough you have to mill around eyeing up the tables like hawks, ready to pounce when a party leaves.
Once you get a table your territory then gradually expands like a game of Risk, pulling together tables and pinching chairs from other people before they've even finished putting their coats on.
8. You can even get away with taking the kids
Thanks to the kids' meals at Wetherspoon you can drag the little ones into the pub during the daytime to avoid having your ear drums assaulted at a soft play centre.
And they get a packet of Bear Yoyo fruit rolls free with their meal so they can argue over the cards inside. Everyone's a winner.
9. Sitting upstairs at The Skylark is great - except when the bar isn't open
(Image: David Cook)
It feels like miles walking all the way downstairs to the bar at The Skylark but even further on the way back when you're laden with drinks.
When the upstairs bar is closed but it's the only place left you can sit, it inevitably means a wet top from tripping up the stairs with three pints in your hands.
10. If you're a true Wetherspoon's connoisseur you can get drinks brought to your table
One solution to the perils of carrying drinks to your table is not to bother.
Get the app and use it to order and pay, then staff will bring your drinks to you.
No more trying to catch the bar staff's eyes and dipping your elbows in the remnants of someone else's sambuca stuck to the bar.
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on a strong Pacific storm headed toward California (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
Evacuations have been ordered or recommended in a Southern California county because of an approaching storm that could bring enough rain to trigger mudslides and rock falls.
Santa Barbara County issued a mandatory evacuation order affecting about 30,000 people, including the community of Montecito, where 21 people were killed by a massive mudslide in January.
The evacuation order says residents should be out of the areas affected by noon Tuesday. Residents won't be forcibly removed if they choose to stay.
The National Weather Service says the strong Pacific storm has the potential to bring the highest rainfall totals of the season to some parts of southwest California.
The so-called atmospheric river is expected arrive on Tuesday and last through Thursday night.
——
6:30 a.m.
A strong Pacific storm tapping into subtropical moisture is taking aim at California, raising the threat of flash flooding and debris flows.
The National Weather Service says the system has the potential to bring the highest rainfall totals of the season to some parts of southwest California.
The so-called atmospheric river is expected arrive on Tuesday and last through Thursday night.
Santa Barbara County has issued pre-evacuation advisory for communities near areas burned by four recent wildfires.
County emergency management director Rob Lewin says based on the forecast the storm will be the most powerful since the Jan. 9 deluge that triggered massive and deadly debris flows in Montecito.
Photo
Want the latest climate news in your inbox? You can sign up here to receive Climate Fwd:, our new email newsletter.
WASHINGTON — In one sign of the pressures that companies face to understand the business risks of stricter climate-change policies, one of the world's biggest energy companies on Friday offered its thoughts on how it would fare in a low-carbon world.
Exxon Mobil's shareholders — concerned that the company's main businesses, oil and natural gas, may be imperiled — had demanded last year that the company give a more detailed accounting of the consequences of global policies aimed at curbing emissions of earth-warming gases. Those policies include the goal of the Paris climate agreement to prevent global temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels.
Exxon's conclusion: Even aggressive climate policies pose “little risk” to its investments. It stressed that it expected healthy demand for its products for decades to come, regardless of how strongly countries move to cut emissions.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Climate Fwd: Sign up for our newsletter to get our latest stories about climate change — along with answers to your questions and tips on how to help. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Exxon also played down the impact of electric vehicles on its business prospects.
But even as those words sought to reassure shareholders, the report underscored how the company is grappling with the transition to stricter policies to curb greenhouse gas emissions, a shift various analysts and climate advocates say will pose a mortal threat to the fossil fuels industry. A paper published in Nature in 2015 estimated that, for the world to have a 50-50 shot at staying below 2 degrees Celsius of warming, the world would have to avoid burning most of the coal reserves currently beneath the ground, half the natural gas, and about one-third of the oil.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Exxon laid out a more optimistic view. Oil and natural gas, the company's mainstays, will “continue to play a critical role in meeting the world's energy demand,” the company said in its report.
Analyst Andy Hargreaves with Pacific Crest, in a research note obtained by MacRumors, offered some commentary with respect to the Touch ID situation for Apple‘s (NASDAQ: AAPL) upcoming iPhone.
Continue Reading Below
As readers may be aware, Apple's iPhone 8 is widely expected to have a Touch ID sensor embedded underneath the display itself, rather than underneath a dedicated home button. Readers may also be aware that rumors continually swirl about Apple potentially facing serious difficulties in getting this technology into volume manufacturing.
Image source: Apple.
Let's look at what Hargreaves had to say.
A tale of two options
Hargreaves says that Apple “continues to work on solving its optical fingerprint issues.” If Apple can work out the kinks “in the next month or so,” the analyst says, then Apple “would likely place volume orders at that point.” Hedoes note that even if Apple does get it all sorted out within the next month, this would still necessitate a “delay of the OLED iPhone launch.” The silver lining, according to Hargreaves, is that such a delay wouldn't “meaningfully affect volume [shipments] for the [product] cycle.”
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
However, if it can't get these issues worked out, then “Apple may be forced to eliminate fingerprint sensing from the OLED iPhone altogether.”
Goodbye, Touch ID. Hello, 3D sensing?
In the case that Apple does, in fact, eliminate Touch ID from the OLED-based iPhone 8, Hargreaves argues that the rumored 3D sensing functionality that's expected to be coming to this device could serve as a “viable and innovative replacement for the highly popular fingerprint sensor.”
Indeed, Hargreaves says, citing “suppliers,” that the 3D sensing technology “is both fast and highly reliable, even in low-light scenarios or from odd angles.”
Foolish take
To be blunt, I'm not convinced that this potential 3D sensing technology can really serve as a general-purpose replacement for Touch ID.For example, Hargreaves says that the 3D sensing tech works well in low light, which is certainly nice, but what about situations in which there's practically no light? Can the 3D sensing solution remain “fast and highly reliable” even in that case?
Even if Apple were to solve that problem, there's still the huge issue of convenience, particularly vis-a-vis Apple Pay (a point that Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri briefly mentioned in his own note discussing Apple's Touch ID woes).Today, Apple Pay works by having the user hold her or his phone up to the reader and then touching the fingerprint sensor.It's simple and convenient, which is probably one of the major reasons that Apple Pay continues to gain traction.
How would customers use Apple Pay using the 3D sensor? Would a user need to explicitly load the Apple Pay application, stick his or her face in front of the front-facing camera, and then once the image is captured, move the phone near the reader?This sounds much less convenient and, frankly, probably more annoying than just pulling out a credit card and swiping it or sticking it in a chip reader and signing the screen.
In my view, Apple must include Touch ID on the OLED iPhone, especially if the “standard” iPhone 7s and 7s Plus include it (lack of Touch ID could drive potential iPhone 8 customers to buy a cheaper iPhone 7s or 7s Plus instead).
At this point, I'm hopeful that Apple figures out the issues with its in-screen Touch ID solution, but if it can't get it to work in time, I'll be interested to see what Apple ultimately ships.
10 stocks we like better than Apple
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
VANCOUVER — Crews are battling a stubborn fire that is burning under a century-old railway trestle bridge near Hope, B.C.
Jeanne Larsen of the B.C. Wildfire Service says the fire began Sunday and has charred less than a hectare of bush near the Ladner Creek trestle, a metal span that was part of the decommissioned Kettle Valley Railway.
She says the thickly timbered, steep walls of the creek canyon are preventing a three-person crew from easily battling the flames.
The wildfire service lists the fire as suspected to be human caused on its website.
Although the trestle is still standing, a witness who could not be reached for comment said in a Facebook post on Sunday that the crumbling wooden ties on the old bridge deck had burned.
Larsen could not confirm that the ties were destroyed, but she says embers from them continue to spark fires that are difficult to reach in areas around the bridge.
“Just little pieces of falling, burning debris are landing on the ground and igniting little spot fires and that's what they're dealing with,” she said.
Cooler weather has eased wildfire conditions across B.C. The wildfire service says progress had been made on several major fires including the Allie Lake fire northwest of Kamloops.
Cache Creek has prohibited all campfires because of the fire risk, although propane or briquette fires are allowed. The entire village was evacuated for 11 days last summer because of wildfires that prompted the province to call a state of emergency.
The fires charred nearly 2,000 square kilometres of timber and destroyed 211 homes or properties before they were declared to be out in early October.
JERUSALEM — The Israeli government has acknowledged it cannot expel African migrants against their will and has cancelled all pending deportation orders.
In a statement to the Supreme Court on Tuesday, the state says: “It is not possible to implement expulsions to a third country without (migrants') consent.”
Some 35,000 African migrants, mostly from Sudan and Eritrea, are in Israel. The government wants most of them to leave, but has not been able to find a way to expel them lawfully.
Last month, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reached a deal with the U.N. to resettle half of the migrants in Western nations and absorb the rest. But hours later, he called it off, caving in to nationalist critics who said it wasn't enough.
CRANBERRY TOWNSHIP, Pa. — Sidney Crosby has faced the Washington Capitals three times in the playoffs. All three times the Pittsburgh captain has led his team to victory. And all three times the Penguins used the win as the springboard to a raucous mid-June parade with the Stanley Cup in tow.
Still, Crosby sounded like a cautious investor on Tuesday when asked if Pittsburgh has a mental advantage over rival Alexander Ovechkin and the Capitals heading into yet another post-season showdown in the Eastern Conference semifinals starting later this week.
Past performance, the two-time MVP stressed, does not guarantee future results.
“I think it depends on what you do in the series and how you play,” Crosby said. “I don't think it plays a huge role. I guess to answer your question, no.”
A mantra Crosby's teammates repeated over and over they prepared for yet another showdown in a rivalry that somehow manages to be both compelling and one-sided. Pittsburgh is 9-1 all-time in the post-season against Washington regardless of who is in the black-and-gold sweaters and who is in red, white and blue.
Not that Ovechkin is intimidated. The Capitals star said he “can't wait” to get another shot at the Penguins after spearheading Washington's first-round win over Columbus in six games. That's fine by Pittsburgh, which has played Lucy to Washington's Charlie Brown for more than a quarter century, dangling a potentially deep playoff run in front of the Capitals only to pull it back at the last minute.
The Penguins, however, remain wary. Just because they always beat Washington doesn't mean they're going to always beat Washington. The teams split their four meetings during the regular season, with the Capitals wrapping up their third straight Metropolitan Division title with a 3-1 win in Pittsburgh on April Fool's Day.
Of course, none of it matters once the puck drops in Game 1.
“It's a new year,” Pittsburgh defenceman Kris Letang said. “The series is going to play out differently. The game is going to be won differently. You don't know how it is going to go. The only thing I know is it's a good rivalry, two really good teams, two teams that have a lot of punch offensively. It's going to be fun to be a part of.”
Particularly for Letang. He missed all of Pittsburgh's run to a second straight Stanley Cup last spring while recovering from neck surgery, though he was able to make his way to the arena for Game 7 of the conference semifinals, when Marc-Andre Fleury stopped all 29 shots he faced and the Penguins escaped with a 2-0 victory to finish a series in which both teams scored 20 goals and won on opposing ice at least twice.
Though there are a handful of new faces on both sides, the principals remain the same. Ovechkin and Crosby. Evgeni Malkin and Nicklas Backstrom. Letang and Braden Holtby. Two weeks of taut, tense hockey in the offing.
“I think it's the same old dangerous team,” Letang said. “Like, don't get me wrong, those series went the distance, they went to overtime. It was a tough matchup that could have gone either way. They cause the same problems to our team. They cause problems on the power play. They have a lot of skill. They make a lot of plays.”
Yet the Penguins have always found a way to make at least one more, though they may be at less than 100 per cent when things get going. Malkin and forward Carl Hagelin both missed practice on Tuesday. Malkin is dealing with a lower-body injury while Hagelin has an upper-body issue after colliding with Philadelphia's Claude Giroux in Pittsburgh's clinching victory over the Flyers in Game 6.
That could provide more playing time for players like Riley Sheahan — who filled in capably on the second line for Malkin in Game 6 — and rookie Zach Aston-Reese. The 23-year-old was in high school the first time Crosby and Ovechkin met in the playoffs in 2009 — when the Penguins blitzed the Capitals in Game 7 of the conference semifinals on their way to the Cup.
This time, Aston-Reese's view will be markedly different. He noticed an uptick in intensity from the regular season when the Penguins fended off the Flyers. Now, the dial goes up to 11 and stays there.
“I expect every game to be almost like a Game 7,” Aston-Reese said.
That's because it almost always is.
——
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Why it matters to you The so-called doomsday vault may be less resistant to climate change than previously expected.
It looks like the so-called “doomsday vault” in Norway may not be as invulnerable as researchers had originally believed. After a recent flood, the seed vault is set to undergo a massive multi-million dollar renovation to reinforce the complex.
The Svalbard Global Seed Vault — which is owned by the Norwegian government — houses nearly one million of the world's most valuable food-crop seeds. The complex is buried more than 400 feet inside of the Svalbard archipelago — midway between the Norwegian mainland and the North Pole — and was designed to function as a “fail-safe seed storage facility, built to stand the test of time — and the challenge of natural or man-made disasters,” per the official website.
According to a report by NASA and NOAA, 2016 was the warmest year on record. Due to these temperature shifts, melting permafrost and rainwater flooded the vault's entry tunnel. Luckily, none of the seeds were damaged as result of this breach. However, the facility is now part of a $1.6 million investigation to determine ways to prevent similar incidents in the future. The conclusion of this report is expected in spring 2018.
For the time being, other preemptive measures have already been taken. For example, a transformer station — previously positioned in the tunnel — has been relocated due to its heat emissions, whereas a number of drainage ditches have been trenched into the mountain above the vault to channel water away from the tunnel.
One idea under consideration involves totally replacing the current entry tunnel. As it stands, this entry slopes downward towards the seed vault itself. An upward-sloping tunnel would more adequately combat flooding associated with melting permafrost. The Norwegian government has committed more than $4 million to cover the expected costs of these upgrades.
“The background to the technical improvements is that the permafrost has not established itself as planned. A group will investigate potential solutions to counter the increased water volumes resulting from a wetter and warmer climate on Svalbard,” explained the Norwegian government in a statement.
The seed vault is currently under constant monitoring with pumps in place to account for an additional flooding — which is certainly quite the ironic turn of events for a structure designed to exist long after an extinction-level event.
Editor,
Back-in parking may not be the greatest thing since sliced bread, but you won't know either way until you've had a bite.
Some forward-thinking people are proposing back-in angle parking along Brown Street as part of the downtown traffic upgrades. So far, discussion of making the street a one-way has been the controversial element. But with back-in angle parking being new to Rhinelander (although not new to the rest of the country), it might be an equally hot topic ahead.
In the process of considering new traffic patterns, including back-in angle parking, some will say, “This is the stupidest thing I ever saw.” But let's give new ideas a chance.
Back-in parking is simple. The parking lines are painted differently. Instead of pulling straight in where the angled lines are against the traffic, the back-in lines are painted at a 40-degree angle with the traffic direction. You pull up just past an empty spot, signal, then slowly back in to the space.
Proponents – and an array of statistics – say back-in parking is much safer than front-in parking. Back-in lets departing drivers simply pull forward and merge into traffic instead of backing blindly against traffic as people here are used to, but which is statistically much more dangerous for low-speed collisions.
Back-in parking lets you load up your trunk from the curb, not the street where you stand in slushy, snowy traffic. And since the doors open to the curb in back-in parking, it's safer to load and unload youngsters as the doors direct them to the curb and not the street. And cyclists are clearly visible when departing from a back-in position.
Consider a recent study by the Pensacola, Fla. parking commission, when they concluded:
“The trend for back-in angle spaces has been catching on rapidly in cities all over the U.S. For safety reasons, not one city in the U.S. has added front-in angled parking next to an active roadway since 2006… After year one of introducing downtown Pensacola to back-in angle parking, traffic accidents have decreased 100 percent.”
Trying back-in parking is pretty low-risk. We're talking paint. If the plan doesn't turn out to be a good fit for locals, we can always restripe the lines later and go back to the 1920's. That's all there is to it. Want to read more? Google the US Davis Back In/Head Out Angle Parking Study or any of a hundred other pages.
Why not give it a try? Who knows, it may just turn out to be better than sliced bread!
Christopher Rog, Rhinelander
By Robyn Collins
Miley Cyrus brought out a very special guest for her performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night (Oct. 5) It was none other than her dad, Billy Ray Cyrus.
Related: Miley Cyrus Impersonates Dolly Parton
The daughter-dad pair teamed up for a cover of Tom Petty's “Wildflowers.” The fiddle and family harmonies gave the folk-rock tune more of a country feel. Dressed in a light pink feminine strapless dress, Miley sang with passion and sensitivity, leaving a lump in the throats of Petty's fans, who lost the legendary rocker October 2 after he suffered a heart attack.
Watch the performance below.
The video starts wide, then zooms in to the center of the Lagoon Nebula, located around 4,000 light years from Earth. Herschel 36 is the most prominent star, emitting powerful radiation and stellar winds that push dust away in "curtain-like sheets," NASA said. You can see dark, elephant trunk-shaped material that resists the erosion and serves as an incubator for new star formation.
NASA employed the Wide Field Camera 3, operating in the visible light range, to create the video. The fourth-generation instrument was only added to Hubble in 2009, and is the space telescope's highest resolution camera by far. NASA can also flip on a near-infrared channel, which penetrates much of the dust and reveals an incredible number of stars embedded in the Nebula, as shown in the image below.
Though public outreach is actually a pretty big part of its mission, Hubble is good for a lot more than just making pretty pictures. It's been a crucial instrument in exoplanet discovery, for instance, as it recently showed that the Trappist-1 planets may have water by scanning the starlight passing through their atmospheres.
It has also discovered new bodies within our own solar system, detected impact sites from the comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 on Jupiter and imaged "deep field" views revealing galaxies billions of light years away, including the farthest ever spotted, GN-z11. It also proved that black holes are common at the center of galaxies, rather than being rare as was thought.
Much like the Mars Opportunity rover, Hubble has already flown far, far, beyond its expected mission life, despite getting off to a very bad start with a flawed mirror. Its last servicing mission to install the aforementioned Wide Field Camera 3 was done in 2009 by the Space Shuttle Atlantis crew. Hubble will eventually be replaced by the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), but NASA recently extended its mission life until at least 2021. Given the recent one-year launch delay for the JWST, it might need to go even longer than that.
NEW YORK — Lindsay Whalen has decided to retire from USA Basketball.
Don't worry Minnesota Lynx fans, she still plans to play in the WNBA for a few more years.
“I felt like it was a good time to step away from USA Basketball,” Whalen told The Associated Press in a phone interview. “I never imagined I'd be on the 2012 and '16 Olympic teams and have it end with that in Rio. I felt good about that. Obviously, I went back and forth a lot. I love USA Basketball and the culture around it. I loved the time I had with the other players you get to play with.”
Whalen won two Olympic gold medals and two at the world championships. Last fall, she was picked for the 2017-20 national team pool, but decided after long consideration to stop playing for the U.S. The 35-year-old felt that she wouldn't be able to fully commit the time necessary to be part of the 2020 Olympic team and felt it was time to give someone else a chance.
“If I had played in worlds (this year), and a year or two from now had said I'm ready to be done playing, that wouldn't be fair to them,” Whalen said.
Sue Bird and Diana Taurasi have already said they hope to play in the 2020 Olympics, if healthy. If Whalen had stayed, that would've given the U.S. three players close to 40 in the backcourt.
Now the U.S. can look to find a young guard to be groomed by Bird, Taurasi and coach Dawn Staley.
“This player will get these training camps and earn their spot like I did and learn from two of the best guards all time — three when you include the coach. Whoever it will be will have a wealth of knowledge to lean on,” Whalen said.
The U.S. will hold a training camp next weekend in South Carolina with 22 players expected to attend, including young guards Skylar Diggins-Smith, Layshia Clarendon, Chelsea Gray and Kelsey Plum.
“Lindsay Whalen is probably my favourite point guard of all time, and that's nothing against Sue Bird. But, Lindsay, I like her swag. I like her toughness. I like her mindset,” Staley said. “She's always thinking about ways in which to out-fox the opponent. I'm just sad that I don't get an opportunity to coach her in this capacity, but I'm glad that I got a chance to coach her when I was an assistant coach on the 2014 and 2016 USA teams.”
While Whalen will always cherish the Olympic gold medals she's won, her favourite memory was her first time playing with USA Basketball. She was on the Under-21 World Championship qualifying team and playing in Brazil. She was 20 at the time.
“It was the second time I had been out of the country and when we went to Brazil, we ate at every Brazilian steakhouse. I'd never seen anything like it,” Whalen recalled, laughing. “I also was obsessed with jerseys then. I was wearing a Brazilian soccer jersey to and from practices and the fans loved it. I got to know some Brazilians because of it.”
Whalen has kept busy this winter after helping the Lynx win their fourth title in seven years. She's been a broadcaster on some Minnesota Timberwolves and college games.
“I liked this angle of the game,” she said. “Being close to the action, breaking down a team. Watching video has helped me this season,” Whalen said.
She was also put inducted into the Minnesota high school basketball hall of fame in the inaugural class.
“That was neat,” she said.
Although she would have loved to see her beloved Vikings play in the Super Bowl this weekend in Minneapolis, Whalen has taken some solace in the play of 40-year-old Tom Brady.
“He gives you inspiration to keep doing it. This year after we won our fourth, I thought about it a little more,” Whalen said. “You want to go chase another one with your teammates. I'm not going to put any years on it, of course. I think the big thing is keeping your body in mind and being fresh for the season.”
Whalen broke her hand last season. She had surgery, and seven screws and a plate were put in her hand and arm.
“At this point, I'm probably year to year,” she said.
——
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
President Donald Trump's travel ban hits its halfway mark this week, and experts say the administration does not have much to show for it.
After several court setbacks, the Supreme Court allowed the administration to reinstate most of the ban, which runs for a total of 90 days.
There is scant evidence the ban is strengthening national security or laying the foundation for more long-term reforms to immigration vetting, according to over a dozen security and immigration experts and former government officials surveyed by NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Special Report: Trump Travel Ban at Halfway Mark 8:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Instead, experts said the travel ban continues to antagonize potential allies without precisely targeting areas that have historically been a source of immigration-related terror. They point to the fact that no nationals of the countries banned have killed an American on U.S. soil in more than 40 years.
Under the order, foreign nationals are banned for 90 days from six countries — Iran, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya, and Yemen — and refugees lacking a link to the U.S. are barred for 120 days.
Demonstrators protest President Trump's travel ban policy outside Hatfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Jan. 29. Christopher Aluka Berry / Reuters file
"The terrorist threat from these countries is vastly overblown," said Alex Nowrasteh, an immigration policy analyst at the CATO Institute. "A lot of the American fear on this is based on what has happened in Europe with terrorist attacks in recent years, even though those attacks have almost entirely not been committed by people from these countries."
The Supreme Court narrowed the ban to protect migrants with a strong relationship with the U.S., such as family ties, and the entire order could still be struck down after the Supreme Court hears oral arguments scheduled for the fall. In July, a Hawaii district court judge ordered that the State Department guidelines include grandparents, grandchildren, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, and cousins of persons in the United States.
Status of the Trump Administration's Review
The administration initially justified the ban by saying it would relieve government agencies of "investigative burdens," while three government agencies, the departments of Homeland Security and State and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, conduct a worldwide review and report their findings to the president.
It is hard to know exactly what the administration has done for its review or what recent data tell us about the ban. In an emailed statement, Department of Homeland Security press secretary David Lapan said the agency had completed its review and submitted a report to Trump on July 10.
On Monday, when asked about the report, neither the White House nor the Department of Homeland Security would provide NBC News with a copy.
“The President's travel order, refugee ceiling and heightened vetting requirements are vital to keeping America safe,” a White House official said. “Foreign terrorists are constantly trying to infiltrate the United States through migratory flows and we cannot allow a sanctuary for terrorists and extremists on our shores and in our communities. The Administration will continue to take necessary and lawful action to keep violent radicals from entering our country.”
While DHS has yet to make any affirmative policy pronouncements, Betsy Lawrence, director of government relations for the American Immigration Lawyers Association, a liberal group, said people are getting stopped at the border more frequently.
"We are hearing about people being questioned more heavily when coming into ports of entry by Customs and Border Patrol," she said.
On July 12, the State Department told consular posts in a cable that the results of the worldwide review had been sent to the president. Although the cable made reference to the report, the administration has said very little publicly about any findings or any formal policy changes.
The administration has not shared, for example, the list of the countries the government deems unwilling or unable to share requested information about their nationals. "Everyone's kind of waiting with baited breath to see if there will be some kind official announcement related to the new policy," Lawrence added.
As part of the administration's new visa vetting protocols, the Department of State has suggested a new series of questions that consular officials should ask visa applicants, including sources of funding for their travel from the past 15 years, as well a list of social media platforms the applicant uses.
"Things like having to show a source of funds for travel can be really onerous to be people," Lawrence said.
Has the Ban Secured the Borders?
The main purpose of the ban is to enhance security in the U.S. by stopping terrorists from entry, according to the White House. But Marco Lopez, formerly chief of staff for Customs and Border Protection at the Department of Homeland Security under President Barack Obama, said he believes the ban may be leading to greater insecurity.
"Line supervisors and agents are frustrated with the lack of clarity and they don't like these blanket statements that everyone from a country is a threat,” he said. "They like to understand what's the threat and what they should be looking for."
Protesters rally against the separation of families under President Trump's travel ban in New York on June 29. Alba Vigaray / EPA file
Lopez said officers are pulling people out of the entry lines to do secondary checks to make certain they have proven their case to the embassy and that they have a bona fide relationship with the person in the U.S. they are visiting, as the administration is requiring. Lopez said these extra steps amount to a massive commitment of time and resources. "That's one less person you have to focus on real threats based on intelligence," Lopez said.
Others argue that the ban has fomented turmoil in our immigration system and undermines confidence in U.S. institutions.
"It matters because the rule of law is affected and it matters because individuals are trying to make informed decisions about what they're going to do with their lives," said Sarah Paoletti, who directs the transnational legal clinic at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
But not everyone agrees that the ban clearly makes us less safe.
"It did what it was intended to, which was to give the government the breathing space to review procedures about bringing people in that were potentially very high risk because of the outflow of foreign fighters," said James Carafano, a national security analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation. Carafano led the Trump administration's Homeland Security transition team after the 2016 election.
What the Numbers Show
The breadth of the ban's impact is hard to quantify.
Current data that tracks immigrant, tourist and business travel to the United States is not yet publicly available. But data from previous years suggest the number of people entering from the six affected countries is small.
Tourists and business travelers entered the United States approximately 69 million times in 2015, according to Homeland Security's statistics for that year, which is the most recently available. Travelers from the six banned countries accounted for fewer than 50,000 admissions in that same year.
"These are not countries that have a significant immigrant or travel experience to the United States," said Michelle Mittelstadt, communications director for the Migration Policy Institute, a non-partisan Washington-based think tank dedicated to research on the global movement of people.
One area where data is readily available is refugee admissions. Data from the Department of State Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration shows a dramatic drop in refugee admissions this year from the six countries affected by the travel ban. From Jan. 1, 2017, to Aug. 1, 2017, the United States admitted 7,242 refugees from the six countries, less than half the 14,958 who were admitted last year.
However, the drop in refugee admissions isn't unique to those six countries. All refugee admissions to the United States are down 40 percent this fiscal year compared to the previous one. Analysts caution that the drop in refugee admissions from the six countries may be dependent on a variety of factors.
"It's difficult to parse out if these declines are wholly representative of the fact that the Trump administration is seeking to pause refugee resettlement or if some of this pertains to just other factors," Mittelstadt said.
How Refugees Are Affected
As the number of refugees entering declines, the need for refugee sanctuary is at an all-time high. Currently, there are 22.5 million refugees worldwide, and half are under the age of 18, reports the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Dler is a Kurdish Iraqi who worked with U.S. forces for more than six years in Iraq. As a result, he and his family were threatened by militias and fled to Jordan. "They tried to kill me and kill my family and they threaten me," said Dler, who withheld his last name out of safety concerns. "Because of this, I deserve to go to America to protect my family and my life." Courtesy of IRAP
"It's been very frustrating for our clients, especially those being persecuted," said Mark Doss, a supervising attorney at the New York-based International Refugee Project (IRAP), which has opposed the travel ban. "The government is continuously trying to find ways to slow down the process to shut people out who are in need of resettlement, who are trying to get to safety."
One IRAP client is a Kurdish Iraqi named Dler who worked with U.S. forces for more than six years in Iraq. As a result, he and his family were attacked and threatened by militias and fled to Jordan.
"They tried to kill me and kill my family and they threaten me," said Dler, who withheld his last name out of safety concerns, speaking with the help of a translator in a phone interview. "Because of this, I deserve to go to America to protect my family and my life."
Initially, he was denied a Special Immigrant Visa because he had a criminal history of forging documents in order to evade the Iraqi draft in the 1990s.
Dler said he did it because he was the sole provider of his family and anti-Saddam Hussien. He says his father, a Kurdish nationalist, was killed by Hussein. IRAP filed a waiver for him, which the Obama administration granted in December 2016, and he was already in the process of security checks when the first Trump travel ban was issued in on Jan. 27.
He has no family ties that would count as a required bona fide relationship and remains stuck in Amman, Jordan, where he says the government will not give him humanitarian assistance or allow him to work. He has a child but cannot take him to school because he does not have the money to pay the school fees.
"Your life here is as if you are a shadow of a citizen, so of course you are looking for any way to get out," he said.
How Are People Fighting Back?
In the months since the administration's first rollout of the travel ban, organizations and citizens alike have sought to find ways to both cope and fight back, including through unexpected alliances.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has doubled-down on its support for people of all faiths who are fleeing persecution.
An Iraqi family from Woodbridge, Virginia, welcomes their grandmother at Dulles International Airport in Sterling, Virginia, on Feb. 5. Astrid Riecken / EPA file
"We believe in assisting all those who are vulnerable and fleeing persecution, regardless of their religion," said Bishop Joe Vasquez, chairman of the conference's Committee on Migration, in a statement online.
Muslim-Americans have also taken to social media to share personal stories and photos of cherished family members to push back on what many saw as an attempt to equate their grandparents with terrorists, which led to the trending hashtag #GrandparentsNotTerrorist.
Holly Dagres, an Iranian-American, started the Instagram account, “Banned Grandmas,” to share posts from the original hashtag. Dagres said that as the account became more popular, other Muslim-Americans began to submit their own photos.
"There are a lot of people who aren't even Muslim who are vocalizing their frustration and embarrassment with the Trump Administration's handling of this ban," Dagres said. "When they see the pictures of these grandparents, it reminds them of their own grandparents—they see their own grandparents in these photos."
What Will the U.S. Supreme Court Do?
There are principally two sides of the debate for the arguments on the travel ban in October. The Trump administration argues that the president has broad executive discretion in the area of immigration and national security and that this power is unreviewable by the courts.
International travelers arrive on June 29, the day that President Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, went into effect, at Logan Airport in Boston. Brian Snyder / Reuters file
"Immigration touches on national sovereignty and the [Supreme] Court has been largely loath to second guess the president," said Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell Law School professor and immigration lawyer. "They say the president has more weight than usual and the Constitution has less weight than usual."
On the other hand, the State of Hawaii and International Refugee Assistance Projectsay that courts may scrutinize the rationale behind a president's actions.
In fact, many opponents of the ban are skeptical of the ban's official rationale.
Bernard Harcourt, law professor at Columbia University, represented a 24-year-old Syrian medical resident stranded in the United Arab Emirates after Trump signed the first travel ban in January.
"It was a pretext," Harcourt said, "a dressing up of anti-Muslim discrimination."
Police dogs have been searching for drugs and firearms at the old Mid Suffolk Council offices in Needham Market.
But that is not because Suffolk Police thought councillors or staff were up to no good.
PC Simon Hughes with Ivan, a Suffolk Police German shepherd, outside the former Mid Suffolk District Council offices in Needham Market following a training session.
Suffolk Police's Dog Section trains general German shepheard purpose dogs and specialist search dogs, such as spaniels and Labradors, in both outdoor and indoor environments.
So the building, which the district council moved out of in November, is an ideal place to train the dogs in an office environment where they can practise tracking down people, drugs, explosive training aids, cash, ammunition or firearms.
Last week Ivan, a German shepherd, was tasked with tracking down PC Tony Russell, hiding somewhere in the building, after which springer spaniels Zuma and Woody were set to locate hidden drugs by PC Simon Hughes.
The training is an interim use while the long-term future of the site is secured.
Suffolk Police springer spaniel Woody says 'it's in there' after finding 'drugs' hidden by his handley PC Tony Russell
It will be done at all hours, so residents who see police vehicles at the site at odd times should not be alarmed as this is part of the training.
Temporary Sergeant James Thomas said: “We are extremely grateful to the district council for allowing us to use this space for general and specialist training as it is of great benefit to the force and the dogs.”
Zuma waits for the next instruction after finding drugs hidden by PC Tony Russell in the former Mid Suffolk District Council offices in Needham Market.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
The men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
The men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Rita Moreno and Natalie Cortez perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). A Massachusetts State Police officer stands watch during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
NEW YORK (AP) - With fireworks thundering across night skies and backyard barbecues, Americans are celebrating Independence Day by participating in time-honored traditions that express pride in their country's 242nd birthday.
But this quintessential American holiday will also be marked with a sense of a United States divided for some - evidenced by competing televised events in the nation's capital.
From New York to California, July Fourth festivities will be at times lively and lighthearted, with Macy's July Fourth fireworks and Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest.
The day's events will also be stately and traditional, with parades lining streets across the country and the world's oldest commissioned warship firing a 21-gun salute to mark the 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
For some Western states, however, the holiday will be a bit more muted as high wildfire danger forces communities to cancel fireworks displays.
Here are highlights of Wednesday's festivities so far:
___
A HISTORIC PARADE
Crowds are lining the streets in a Rhode Island town to see what's billed as the nation's oldest continuous Fourth of July celebration. Begun in 1785, the Bristol parade typically attracts about 100,000 people to the seaside town.
This year's will be a scorcher.
When the parade kicked off at 10:30 a.m., the temperature was hovering near 90 degrees. The Providence Journal reports there will be water stations along the 2.5-mile route and medical personnel will watch the marchers for signs of heat illnesses.
The fire chief told the newspaper it has been a few years since it has been this hot during the parade.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo, U.S. Sen. Jack Reed, U.S. Rep. David Cicilline and other officials plan to march.
___
The USS Constitution will sail in Boston Harbor and fire her guns again to mark Independence Day.
The plan was for the world's oldest commissioned warship to leave its berth at the Charlestown Navy Yard on Wednesday and glide through the harbor to mark 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
The ship nicknamed "Old Ironsides" was to travel to Fort Independence on Castle Island and fire a 21-gun salute.
The 101st Field Artillery from the Massachusetts National Guard was to return the salute.
An additional 17-gun salute will fire as the Constitution passes the U.S. Coast Guard Station, the former site of the shipyard where the vessel was built in 1797.
___
DUELING CELEBRATIONS
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition - PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn - is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
___
LIGHTING UP THE NIGHT SKIES
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast.
But some places in the West have canceled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger and others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics.
In Colorado, the wildfire danger forced some communities to cancel their fireworks. However, other shows will still go as planned in Denver, Colorado Springs and Fort Collins.
The small mountain town of Silverton, in southwestern Colorado, called off the fireworks part of its annual Independence Day party, but the rest of Wednesday's celebration is still on, including live music and a parade that ends with a water fight with firefighters. Aspen will have a fire-proof drone light display above town.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
6ix9ine, the New York rapper whose rapid rise has been plagued by controversy over a 2015 sex offense conviction, will no longer be performing in Easton.
The venue One Centre Square, which had scheduled 6ix9ine to perform on Feb. 9, announced Friday afternoon that the performance has been canceled because of the rapper's history.
(EARLIER: He's a sex offender, a star rapper and he's performing in Easton.)
6ix9ine's involvement in sexually-explicit videos featuring a child prompted Easton resident Karolina Davis to organize a protest outside of the venue before the show.
In a statement, the venue said that organizers had become aware of the details of the crime after booking the artist.
"As we learned more about the unsettling incident in question, we no longer found the artist to be a suitable performer for our venue and we obviously do not condone his behavior in the incident," the statement reads.
The statement said that the show would be canceled even though "the artist is scheduled to perform a number of reputable venues including a college facility, the University of South Florida's Sun Dome later this month."
The venue's co-owner Billy Cornish initially declined comment when contacted about 6ix9ine's offenses and the planned protest.
"We refrained from earlier comment on the issue until we formalized the cancellation with the artist's representatives," the venue's statement reads.
6ix9ine, who also goes by Tekashi69 and whose real name is Daniel Hernandez, came to prominence on the strength of his 2017 song "Gummo," which has racked up more than 100 million views on Youtube. He has also caught attention with his eccentric personal style, rainbow-colored hair and prominent tattoos.
But his fame has come with renewed attention to his involvement in a series of videos that featured a 13-year-old girl in sexual situations. According to the Manhattan District Attorney, he appeared in and shared videos that show the girl nude and performing a sex act with a different man.
Hernandez took a deal to plead guilty to participating in one video. The rapper has said he didn't know the girl's age and has since apologized. He can avoid jail time if he completes a list of requirements, but has struggled to complete the mandate to get his GED.
We've reached out for comment to Davis, the Easton resident who planned the protest, and will update this story with her response.
Andrew Doerfler may be reached at adoerfler@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @adoerfler or on Facebook.
Getty Image
The music world has already shared many disgusted and impassioned reactions in response to the violent Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville this weekend, which claimed the life of 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who was killed when a car drove into a crowd. A Go Fund Me campaign was set up to help the Heyer family through this difficult time, and it was a rousing success: As of this morning, the campaign raised over $225,000. Detroit noise band Wolf Eyes did their part to help yesterday by releasing No Hate, a free experimental album created to bolster the fundraising effort.
The Go Fund Me page was created with a $20,000 goal on August 12, and the description read, “Heather Heyer was murdered while protesting against hate. We are raising money to give to her family for anything that they may need. She is a Greene County native and Graduated from William Monroe High School. She will truly be missed.”
The reactions to the horrific events in Charlottesville have been quick, plentiful, and passionate; Attendees have been identified and lost their jobs, Go Daddy took a white supremacist site offline, and John Oliver slammed Donald Trump's response, which he attests failed to “f**king condemn” Nazis.
Wolf Eyes released their most recent album, Undertow, earlier this year. Listen to No Hate above.
WINDSOR, Ont. — A labour strike at Caesars Windsor has forced the tourist draw to cancel more hotel reservations and postpone performances by musician Brian Wilson and illusionist Darcy Oake.
The southern Ontario venue is temporarily closed because of a strike by casino and hotel workers that began April 6.
Caesars Windsor says it's now cancelling hotel reservations scheduled between May 1 and May 19.
It's also postponing Wilson's concert on May 4 and Oake's show on May 17, but says they will be rescheduled.
Caesars Windsor previously cancelled all events through April, including Colosseum shows, conventions and hotel reservations.
Future Colosseum shows remain scheduled, including Pitbull on May 25, Lee Brice on May 26 and Daniel O'Donnell on May 27.
Some 2,300 workers walked off the job April 6 after rejecting a tentative agreement by a vote of 59 per cent.
The striking workers include dealers, cooks, housekeepers and janitors. Wages and working conditions are key issues.
Why it matters to you If you work for an organization that's transitioning to Windows 10, you might find that your work machine is less configurable than it was previously.
Microsoft's latest major Windows 10 update started making its way to users last week. Known as Creators Update, the update brought Windows 10 to version 1703, and introduced a host of new features and functionality. Most of what's new in Creators Update is aimed at creative professionals, gamers, and other users, and is visible as new apps and settings, such as the 3D Paint app, Game Mode, and enhanced privacy and security settings.
As is usual with such significant updates, Creators Update also made changes to the core operating system and to policies that are accessible to more technical users. IT administrators are an important audience for Microsoft as it continues its quest of pushing Windows 10 to a billion machines, and it's appealing to that group with a new way to make the Settings app work better for larger organizations.
One of the more important aspects of making a machine more manageable and easier to administer for such organizations is how easy it is for users to make changes to the machine's configuration. Windows 10 introduced a new Settings app that's a bit more user-friendly than the old-school Control Panel app, and while that's great for users, it can introduce headaches for IT administrators.
In response, Microsoft now gives administrators a way to hide Settings app pages in the same way that it allowed Control Panel applets to be hidden. The overall details of how to keep settings hidden away from users are a little complicated and of interest mostly to IT staff, but it's also easy enough to accomplish via Group Policies. As the following screenshot demonstrates, the Settings app can be significantly limited by making a few small Group Policy changes.
The net result is that an organization looking to keep certain settings unavailable to users needs to make a few changes that can then be rolled out to all of the machines that fit certain criteria. There's a host of settings that can be turned off, from device encryption settings to network options to power configuration.
The bottom line is that Microsoft needs large organizations to transition to Windows 10 if it has any hope of hitting its goals for its most strategic OS. Making it possible for administrators to limit how users can customize their machines is an important step along the way. Creators Update just made that possible.
Deep brain stimulation can offer relief to patients with diseases such as Parkinson's and epilepsy, but it requires brain surgery to implant electrodes deep inside the head.
Now researchers think they've come up with a way to do the same thing without cutting. They have used electrodes on the heads of mice to make the animals wiggle their paws and whiskers — even under deep sedation.
TI stimulation excites an area in the mouse hippocampus, shown in bright green through c-fos labeling. This image shows an activated area in the mouse brain. Ed Boyden / Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Researcher think it's safe enough to eventually try out on people.
It works because the brain is a natural conductor of electricity, said Ed Boyden, co-director of the M.I.T. Center for Neurobiological Engineering.
“All of our knowledge about the brain says it an electrical conductor,” Boyden said.
Boyden and colleagues call the method temporal interference, and it allows them to send electrical signals deep into the brain without affecting the layers in between.
Related: Brain Stimulation Technique Might Treat Addiction
It works on the same basis as other types of wave interference, from the noise-cancelling headphones that let you sleep on a noisy airplane to light-cancelling experiments that delight schoolchildren.
It has always been possible to send electrical signals into the brain. The trouble is high-frequency signals just go right through it.
“When you put these two high-frequency signals at the top of the brain, you get a different frequency in the middle of the brain.”
Low-frequency signals can affect brain cells but if delivered from the outside, they first hit the outer layer, known as the cortex. To treat conditions such as Parkinson's, you have to get into the deeper layers.
What Boyden's team did is use the principle of interference to turn two high-frequency signals into one, targeted, low-frequency signal.
Related: Brain Pacemaker Benefits Parkinson's
“When you put these two high-frequency signals at the top of the brain, you get a different frequency in the middle of the brain,” Boyden said.
So sending a 2,000 kilohertz signal from one direction, and a 2,001 kHz signal from another will result in a 1 Hz signal, Boyden said.
Representation of TI stimulation, where two high frequency signals from electrodes on the scalp interfere within the brain to form a low frequency envelope electrical wave that excites neurons. Ed Boyden / Massachusetts Institute of Technology
They tried this is mice, which were anesthetized. Writing in the journal Cell, the team said they could excite neuron activity with their signals.
Then they aimed at motor cortex areas that are well-studied in lab mice and got the unconscious mice to wiggle their paws and whiskers.
Related: Scientists Control Mice With a Switch
It's a long way off from being tried on people.
“We have to make it more precise,” Boyden said.
“Future studies, perhaps using larger numbers of electrodes and multiple sets of interfering fields, may be able to pinpoint even smaller regions of the brain, or multiple regions of the brain. An open question is how small a focal volume may be achieved,” the team wrote.
And to treat Parkinson's disease requires a range of frequencies different from those the MIT team used.
But they think it's promising.
“Given the remarkable therapeutic benefits of deep brain stimulation for patients with otherwise treatment-resistant movement and affective (mood) disorders the prospects for noninvasive deep brain stimulation using electricity are potentially exciting,” they wrote.
Boyden said there's nothing surprising about the technology. “Most technologies that work fairly well look really simple and obvious in hindsight,” he said.
NEW YORK (AP) — Broadway fans are buzzing over the release of a new song by two popular Tony winners in support of the upcoming March for Our Lives.
"Hamilton" creator Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt, the original star of "Dear Evan Hansen," have recorded a duet called "Found/Tonight,' mixing lyrics from "You Will Be Found" from "Dear Evan Hansen" and "The Story of Tonight" from "Hamilton."
The song was released at midnight on Monday and is No. 1 on the iTunes singles chart.
The multi-city March for Our Lives on March 24 was planned after the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
Miranda has been releasing "Hamilton"-related content each month in a series called Hamildrop.
___
Online:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aQykuIaJVI&feature=youtu.be
___
It accuses Walgreen Co. and pharmacists at two of its Minnesota branches of "dispensing prescription medications not valid for a legitimate medical purpose."
Walgreens and the hospital's parent company both declined to comment Monday, citing pending litigation.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park studio compound in suburban Minneapolis on April 21, 2016. An autopsy found he died of an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic opioid 50 times more powerful than heroin.
Authorities said it was likely Prince didn't know he was taking the dangerous drug, which was laced in counterfeit pills made to look like a generic version of the painkiller Vicodin. The source of those pills is unknown and no one has been charged in Prince's death.
A week before he died, Prince passed out on a flight home from an Atlanta concert and the private plane made an emergency stop in Moline. The musician had to be revived with two doses of a drug that reverses effects of an opioid overdose.
At Trinity Medical Center, Prince refused medical tests but was asked what drugs he took. Documents show a pill that he had with him, which was marked as Vicodin, was sent to the pharmacy for testing. A hospital pharmacist said it appeared to be Vicodin and returned it to Prince.
Prosecutors said last week that no chemical testing was done on the pill, but evidence suggests it was counterfeit and laced with fentanyl.
HHS spokesman Kenneth Wolfe said Wednesday that 8,887 migrant children were in shelters on April 30, meaning there was a 22 percent increase in the last month.
The increase comes after Attorney General Jeff Sessions said earlier this month that the administration was going to take a “zero tolerance” approach by seeking to prosecute 100 percent of families crossing the border illegally. Now, when parents are charged with improper entry, a misdemeanor on the first offense, they are jailed and separated from their children. The children are then referred to the ORR.
The numbers do not include children who are in the care of family sponsors, Wolfe said, noting that about 93 percent of all unaccompanied children are released to sponsors.
And over 30,000 children have been referred to ORR so far in fiscal year 2018, he said. There were 40,810 referrals in all of fiscal year 2017.
Wolfe added that the government has 1,218 beds on reserve if they are needed.
And while those numbers do not specify children who actually arrived at the border unaccompanied, or children who were rendered unaccompanied after they were separated from their families, immigrant activists said they were not surprised at the increase.
“It is not a surprise at all that ORR is running at incredibly high rates of capacity,” said Jennifer Podkul, director of policy at Kids in Need of Defense (KIND), a group which represents migrant children.
She said the situation was much different from when a surge of Central American children sought to cross the border in 2014.
“Now, the government has manufactured their own crisis because they're taking these children away from their parents,” she said, adding, “ORR is really being squeezed if they're required to take these children.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEW YORK (AP) — A would-be suicide bomber inspired by Islamic State extremists strapped on a crude pipe bomb, slipped unnoticed into the nation's busiest subway system and set the device off at rush hour Monday in a scenario that New York has dreaded for years, authorities said.
In the end, the only serious wounds were to the suspect identified as Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant and former cab driver. But the attack sent terrified commuters fleeing through a smoky passageway, and three people suffered headaches and ringing ears from the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio said. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals.”
The suspect had looked as Islamic State propaganda online and told investigators he acted alone in retaliation for U.S. military aggression, law enforcement officials said.
In Washington, President Donald Trump said the explosion highlighted the need to change immigration policies, including the type of family-based visa Ullah obtained to come to the U.S. in 2011. Such visas are “incompatible with national security,” the Republican president said in a statement.
“America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country,” said Trump, who campaigned on cracking down on immigration.
The attack near Times Square came less than two months after eight people died near the World Trade Center in a truck attack authorities said was carried out by an Uzbek immigrant who admired the Islamic State group.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by IS but apparently did not have any direct contact with the group. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said there was no evidence, so far, of other bombs or a larger plot. He said officials were exploring whether Ullah had been on authorities' radar, but there was no indication yet that he was.
Cuomo said there was reason to believe the attacker looked at bomb-making instructions online.
Investigators described the bomb as a low-tech explosive device attached to Ullah with “Velcro and plastic ties.” It was ignited with a Christmas light, matches and a nine-volt battery. The short pipe was packed with explosive powder but did not work as intended. It was not powerful enough to turn the pipe into deadly shrapnel, the officials said.
Investigators said the suspect was seen on surveillance footage putting the circuits together with his hands and igniting the bomb.
Some of the bomb-making materials may have been bought commercially. The pipe may have been obtained from his job where he worked as an electrician, one official said.
Authorities were searching Ullah's Brooklyn home and a nearby rented space, interviewing witnesses and relatives, reviewing his subway fare card and looking for surveillance footage that might show his movements in the moments before the 7:20 a.m. attack.
Security cameras captured the attacker walking casually through a crowded passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues when the bomb went off amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” said Elrana Peralta, a Greyhound customer-service worker who was working at the Port Authority bus terminal near the blast, though she did not hear it. Instead, she heard people yelling, “Get out! Get out! Get out!”
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from his jacket to his pants and the device strapped to his torso under his coat. They said he was reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed his hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff.
Law enforcement officials said the suspect was speaking with investigators from the hospital bed where he was being treated for burns to his hands and abdomen.
He was “all over the place” on the question of motive, but indicated he wanted to avenge U.S. aggression against the Islamic State, one official said.
The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, the Department of Homeland Security said. Trump's administration has called for a “merit-based” immigration system that would limit family-based green cards to spouses and minor children. A White House spokeswoman said Monday that the proposed policy would have kept Ullah out of the U.S.
He had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, but the license was allowed to lapse, according to law enforcement officials and New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission. He had been in two car accidents during his time driving, one law enforcement official said.
Ullah lived with his father, mother and brother in a Brooklyn neighborhood with a large Bangladeshi community, residents said. The family's red, two-story brick home is just off a shopping strip.
A statement on behalf of the family sent by the New York Chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations said they were “deeply saddened” by the attack but also “outraged by the way we have been targeted by law enforcement, including a teenage relative of the suspect who was pulled from class and questioned in his school without a parent guardian or attorney.”
News of Ullah's arrest stunned Alan Butrico, who owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
“It's very weird,” Butrico said. “You never know who your neighbors are.”
The last bomb to go off in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan.
The Times Square subway station is the city's busiest, with 64 million riders passing through every year. The subway system as a whole carried over 1.7 billion people last year.
Monday's explosion triggered a massive emergency response both above and below ground, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.” But streets quickly began returning to normal.
“This is one of my nightmares, right: a terrorist attack in the subway system,” Cuomo, a Democrat, later told cable channel NY1.
“The good news is: We were on top of it,” he said, and “the reality was not as bad as the fear.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Scenario: There's a credit card in your wallet your better half knows nothing about. You got it because you were in a financial jam you didn't feel like 'fessing up to, and to this day the amount of debt you're carrying is, well, a little higher than you'd like it to be.
Little white lie? Or financial infidelity? Perhaps a bit of both.
Do you have a secret account? becon / Getty Images
An estimated 12 million Americans have hidden a bank or credit card account from a live-in significant other, partner or spouse, according to a new CreditCards.com survey. Baby boomers, the research found, are four times more likely than millennials to have concealed an account.
Whatever you think that says about those respective generations, "that's a lot of people who are keeping a secret that could really do a lot of damage both to a couple's finances and to their relationship," says Matt Schulz, senior industry analyst at CreditCards.com.
Focus on the Problem, Not the Symptom
What should you do if a secret account rears its head in your relationship? (Or if you've got one your partner still doesn't know about?) Shutting it down may seem like the right move, but it doesn't address the underlying problem. The precursor to secrets is often secret resentment, says consumer psychologist Kit Yarrow.
Many people are "upfront about how they're spending their money but not upfront about how they feel about it," she says. Resentment about how money is spent can mean there might be a power imbalance in the relationship or that both partners aren't on the same page.
"Behind the resentment is usually someone's presumption about what they 'should' be doing with their money," Yarrow. Be as honest as you can with your partner and yourself about your feelings regarding being able (or unable) to spend freely.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Has technology changed the rules of infidelity? 2:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Schedule Time to Talk About Money
That sort of honest communication about your money is easier said than done, particularly if you've been hiding things in the past. So, schedule time to talk and then don't back out. Go over your budget and see if there's anything you need to update or change.
"The real issue with these hidden bank accounts is that most Americans live on a budget or live paycheck to paycheck, and that doesn't really work if somebody is hiding a bunch of money," says Schulz. "The only way to have a meaningful budget is to know exactly how much money is coming in and how much is going out each month." Then move on to discuss obligations that are upcoming in the next couple of weeks or months and how you're going to meet them. And talk, long-term, about your goals and your hopes when it comes to your finances.
Note: This is not a one-and-done kind of event. If you're in rocky territory, do it weekly. As things become smoother — and they will, over time — move to biweekly, than monthly.
Related: Top Fights Couples Have About Money
How to Move Forward
If you've already experienced financial infidelity: For some couples, a few heart-to-hearts can fix the problem. If someone is hiding money, sometimes it's due to shame and wanting to spend money on something the partner thinks is a waste. So get it all out in the open, and compromise on a new budget that works for both of you.
Yarrow has found in her research that men tend to spend larger amounts of money on larger expenses, while women are more likely to spend smaller amounts secretly due to fear of being mocked (sometimes this is about clothes, makeup products, etc.).
"Guys sometimes think their view of what should be done with the money is more valid somehow," says Yarrow. So own up to what brings you joy, and make some room for it in the budget if both parties are able.
If the case of financial infidelity is more serious, it's a good idea to seek out a financial or marriage counselor. "Communicate honestly and openly, and work towards repairing that breach," says Schulz.
With Hayden Field
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT&T Goal of the Week nomination process. You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using #ATTGOTW and the player's name. View all goal clips
Introduced as a successor to the venerable small block Chevy, the LS engine family had a good run. Recently replaced by the fancy, direct-injected, LT-series engine, the LS still reigns supreme in terms of market share, and for good reason. The LS has much going for it, offering everything we want in a motivational source, including displacement, compression and head flow. Toss in effective factory intake manifolds, especially on the LS3 versions, and you have almost everything you need to make serious power. We like the LS engine family for a number of big reasons, including how well they respond to cam upgrades and how much boost the stock short-blocks will withstand. We also like them for a number of little, simple reasons, like their use of a factory windage tray and effective, bolt-down, roller rockers. It is this final element that lead to our amazing dyno discovery.
The use of the bolt-down, roller rockers on the LS requires the use of a proper length pushrod. Truth be told, pushrod length is critical even with an adjustable valvetrain, but even more so on the non-adjustable LS. Know that improper length, meaning too long or too short, can cause anything from a drop in power to catastrophic failure of one or more major components. The procedure for checking pushrod length on the LS is a simple one. With the cam on the base circle, simply tighten the rocker bolt until all of the lash has been removed. This occurs when the pushrod has just contacted both the rocker and lifter. Determining this zero-lash point is easy, simply rotate the pushrod between your fingers as you tighten the rocker bolt. When you feel drag on the pushrod, making it more difficult to turn, you have reached the zero-lash point. From here, count the number of turns it takes to seat the rocker into the rocker stand. You are looking for between 1/2 and 1 full turn.
The number of turns required to seat the rocker on the stand past the zero-lash point translates directly to the amount of preload on the hydraulic roller lifter. Our recommendation of between 1/2 and 1 full turn applies to standard-travel, drop-in (OEM-type) hydraulic roller lifters, not the short-travel variety. Short-travel lifters require less preload, often accommodated by custom pushrod lengths to optimize the amount of preload. Standard-travel lifters can usually work with off-the-shelf pushrod lengths that come in 0.050-inch increments. If you tighten the rocker bolt all the way down to the stand and never feel any resistance, the pushrod is too short. This results in what is called valve lash. On a hydraulic roller cam you don't want any lash, which is why we preload the lifter. The lash created by having too short of a pushrod can cause anything from excess valvetrain noise to component failure of the cam, lifter, or rocker arm. It can also cause damage to the pushrod, valve tip, or even the valveguide.
Just as excessive lash caused by insufficient pushrod length can wreak havoc, the same is true with excessive pushrod length. A sure indication that the pushrod is too long is when it takes more than 1 full turn to seat the rocker past the zero-lash point. Though we have successfully run pushrods with more than 1.5 turns, more than 2 turns can actually hold the valve open once the lifter is pumped up with sufficient oil pressure. Excessive pushrod length can then eliminate the ability of the cylinder to build compression. Naturally, this can cause anything from poor performance to, in severe cases, the engine not to start or even run. Having the valve hang open when it should be closed can also cause piston-to-valve interference, resulting in bent valves. Just like the porridge for Goldilocks, pushrod length needs to be neither too long nor too short, but just right.
Having dialed-in the pushrod length on countless LS combinations, we began to wonder what would happen if we ran one with pushrods that were slightly too long and slightly too short, not to mention a set that was just right? Obviously we erred on the side of safety, meaning we ran the engine neither with a length that created lash nor hung the valves open. After dialing-in the pushrod length on our 383 test engine, we determined that the optimum length was 7.450 inches. To illustrate what happens when they are too long and too short, we also ran sets measuring 7.400 inches and 7.500 inches. Because we suspect the effect might differ on a stock engine with milder cam timing, we built a dedicated 383 test engines.
Does Length Matter? LS Pushrod Test
The fact that the combination was carbureted had no effect on the pushrod test, but we suspect that the use of standard-travel Comp Cams lifter (PN 850-16) certainly did. The tests were run with identical air/fuel and timing values, as well as oil and air temps. Equipped with the ideal pushrod length of 7.450 inches, the 383 stroker produced 524 hp at 6,300 rpm and 492 lb-ft of torque at 4,900 rpm. After swapping in the shorter 7.400-inch pushrods, the power numbers dropped to 515 hp at 6,300 rpm and 490 lb-ft at 4,900 rpm. The final test was with the 7.500-inch pushrods, which produced 529 hp at 6,400 rpm and 490 lb-ft at 5,000 rpm. The longer pushrods enhanced power production above 4,900 rpm, but produce nearly identical peak torque numbers to the other two sets. The change in pushrod length acted much like the effect of valve lash on a solid roller (or flat tappet) on a conventional small-block. Decreasing lash effectively adds both lift and (to a lesser extent) duration. This tends to improve peak power while (often) decreasing low-speed torque.
We began throwing around theories about what might cause these results. At first, we suspected that the change in hydraulic plunger depth (of the lifter) created by the increased pushrod length may have altered the internal oil flow by covering or uncovering the metering orifice. We could find no better way to verify our theory than to call the resident expert over at Comp Cams, Billy Godbold. According to Billy, the change in plunger depth decreased the available volume of aerated oil that resides under the plunger. The air in the oil acted like lash on a solid cam so we effectively reduced the amount of lash inherent in the system. Basically, the longer pushrod made the standard-travel lifter act more like a limited-travel lifter, thereby making our cam profile slightly wilder. Think of the lifter as a shock absorber. With a short pushrod, there is a larger reservoir and therefore more deflection in our shock absorber. With a longer pushrod, there is less reservoir, meaning the shock is set on stiff, allowing less deflection.
Sources
ARP
800.826.3045
arp-bolts.com
Comp Cams
901.795.2400
compcams.com
Edelbrock
310.781.2222
edelbrock.com
FAST
877.334.8355
fuelairspark.com
Holley/Hooker/MSD
270.782.2900
holley.com
L&R Automotive
562.802.0443
lnrengine.com
Trick Flow Specialties
330.630.1555
trickflow.com
FILE - In this December 1987 file photo, Donald Trump, right, pictured with his father, Fred Trump, left, and boxing promoter Don King participate in news conference in Atlantic City, N.J. Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently namedrop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, including Don King, were at their peak in the 1980s, the decade that Trump's celebrity in New York rose, Trump Tower was built, “The Art of the Deal” was published and he first flirted with running for public office. (AP Photo/File)
NEW YORK (AP) — Bobby Knight. Don King. Sylvester Stallone.
Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, "The Art of the Deal" was published and he first flirted with running for public office.
The "Go Go 1980s" of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities he stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove himself across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with him during that formative decade.
"He would relentlessly promote himself in the newspapers or on TV. He knew how to get press and squash his enemies," said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s "has long been a part of who Trump is," Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, he opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
He fashioned himself into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as he promoted his personal brand. He also took his first steps onto the national media stage, making his debut on "60 Minutes" in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in his heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a "60 Minutes" segment he had just watched and he gave his first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity businessman, who complained in recent years that he wasn't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. He called it a "very, very great honor." That marked his eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. He has taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during his campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favorite sidekick. He first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
"One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?" Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as "a phenomenal person" despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at his Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity businessman. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of his fame in the 1980s with the shows "Happy Days" and "Charles in Charge." And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three "Rambo" movies and two "Rocky" sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after he opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as he first floated running for president, he took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was "paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves." His frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
Sidelined Dan Halsey has backed the Mildenhall Fen Tigers to end their long wait for silverware by lifting the National Trophy in his absence.
The West Row-based outfit will face the Plymouth Devils at the St Boniface Arena tonight (7.15pm) before entertaining the Devon side at Mildenhall Stadium for the return leg on Sunday (3pm) as they bid to win the competition for the first time since 2014.
Although Halsey will play no part in either fixture after being ruled out for the remainder of the season with an anterior cruciate ligament rupture, the 29-year-old believes his team-mates still have more than enough firepower to triumph over the two legs.
“They have got a couple of injuries with Steve Boxall and Benji Compton out and we have still got a lot of quality left in our team,” said the long-term Fen Tigers' rider.
“If Connor Mountain is back, together with him, Jon Armstrong and Jordan Jenkins we would have a good chance.
“We have struggled in reserve lately but we have definitely got a chance of scoring some good points there with young Drew Kemp, and hopefully Danno (Verge) can return all guns blazing.
“I am confident we can lift it. The last couple of years the club has not really reached its potential.
“It would be nice to give Kevin (Jolly, promoter) a reward for the team he has put together over the course of this season.”
Despite his injury being far worse than what was initially feared, Halsey feels that he has already made some small steps of progression ahead of visiting the surgeon again next week.
“To be fair I was told that I couldn't walk on it for about three weeks but I am walking about on one crutch and I can just about hobble,” said Halsey.
“The pain has not really been a problem but I have quite a high pain threshold and I've got pretty much all the movement in it.
“I've got a lot of physios over the next few months to build the muscle up around it.
“I've not seen the surgeon since the operation but I will go back to see them Monday when I will find out more.”
With Halsey set for a prolonged spell on the sidelines, he has stressed that it is too early to tell if he will be back riding next season.
“It's all up in the air and I am not 100 per cent sure I am going to ride next year,” said Halsey.
“There have been a few times this season where I have not enjoyed myself but then there have been times where I really have enjoyed it.”
Jordan decided not to ban the film “Wonder Woman” from the country's movie theaters.
“The film was allowed to screen in Jordanian cinemas due to a lack of legal precedent to do otherwise, as outlined by Regulation No. 63 of 2004, on the Clearance and Control of Audiovisual Works,” Mohammed Qtaishat, director general of the Communications Commission, told Al Bawaba, an Amman-based news website.
The movie will be rolled out throughout Jordan over the next month, according to the report.
The Jordanian commission's review of “Wonder Woman” came after Lebanon banned the film as part of its boycott of all things Israeli. Lebanon remains technically at war with Israel.
Israel and Jordan signed a peace agreement in 1994.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
A Tunisian court last week banned the screening of the film while the country's cultural review commission decides whether or not the movie should be permanently banned over Gadot's Israeli military service.
Gadot, 32, does not shy away from touting her Israeli heritage. She praised the Israeli military in a widely shared Facebook post during the 2014 Gaza War. She served in the Israeli army as a combat instructor during the 2006 Lebanon War.
While establishing his career working for wealth management and financial advisory firms, Justin Boucher found the approach to financial planning was often nonexistent or antiquated.
He felt firms bombarded clients with charts, graphs and booklets overrun with jargon that made financial planning daunting and even confusing.
So when Boucher opened his own independent financial planning startup in 2017, Justin Boucher Advisory Services in Reno, he wanted to find a way to better serve his clients.
"I saw how firms would develop these big, 10-page booklets and show a client what their cash flow looks like," Boucher said. "I wanted to come up with an idea that clients could wrap their heads around and encourage them to do more."
Working out in the gym one day, he found inspiration from his Apple Watch. The device has a feature that lights up and gives badges when a person reaches a workout goal. After some thought, he figured he could apply some of the same principles to financial planning.
So Boucher came up with 12 basic financial goals or "action items" that can be interchangeable depending on the client and their financial situation. Each goal is given a timeline to complete and Boucher works with the client to update the plan every six months.
Recommended Stories For You
"Every financial plan is different and set specific goals for them. I don't put more than six action items at a time," he said. "Some people are looking to buy a home. For others buying a home doesn't make sense for them right now. Younger clients usually are thinking about credit card debt management or student loans repayments."
Some of the list of goals he formulated:
Completing first financial plan
Being properly insured
Setting up beneficiaries
Paying off student loans
Opening and fully funding a trust
Buying first home
Paying off mortgage
Paying off all credit card debt
Establishing an emergency fund
Paying off all auto loans
Boucher said his clients have a wide age range from those in their 20s all the way to the 80s, although he has been marketing to clients mostly in their 20s to their 40s.
Right now the program is available on a computer program developed by Boucher. Eventually he wants to make it available for smartphones and other tech devices, but that's down the road.
The program notifies a client on their computer when they reach a goal. At some point, Boucher would like to make it where it can be more interactive or in real time, like being connected to a client's bank account that instantly gives them notification when they reach a savings goal.
"Eventually I want to get to the point where it can ping them on their phone when they complete an action item, but right now we just review things every six months," he said.
Along with the badge system, Boucher constantly updates and reviews retirement projections for each client, based on reaching individual goals.
Boucher's methodology is an example of how some financial planners are finding simple, yet fun ways to help clients plan their financial future.
Pam Hopman, founder and president of The Hopman Group, a financial planning firm based in Tucson, Ariz., also has tried to put the fun in financial planning. Hopman is the author of the Amazon bestselling book, "WEALTH AMPLIFIED!: A Five-Step Guide for the Professional Woman to Make More Money Keep More Money and Love Your Life."
"It's hard for a lot of people to follow rules of getting out of debt and saving for the future," Hopman said in a phone interview with NNBW. "Part of the art of financial planning is understanding the personalities of your clients and helping them set financial goals."
Hopman added that the concepts such as getting out of debt and saving for the future is overwhelming at times.
"I think you have to take it one step at a time," she added.
She produced an entry to a blog on The Hopman Group website: "7 Tips to Make Financial Planning Fun In 2018."
Create An Inspiration Board: Write down goals about what to achieve in financial planning. Those goals could be setting up for early retirement, opening a business or buying a house.
Have a Positive Attitude: It is important to have an open mind in financial planning.
Don't Deny Yourself Small Pleasures: Don't deny that java from Starbucks every morning, thinking it will go to savings. Just find other means to save money.
Celebrate Small Goals and Milestones: Measure successes in saving and investments. If one brings lunch from home every day for a week, go out for a nice lunch one day.
Make It A Game: Compete against yourself, a friend or a family member. A goal would be to cut food expenditures by say $50 or cut it by another $20 the next week. Compare investments with a friend or family member.
Give Yourself Visual Reminders: This can come in many forms, but one is taping photos of investment goals to credit and debit cards as a reminder not to use cards for impulse buys.
Include Pocket Money In Your Budget: Set aside some money for pleasures such as dining out or a day at the spa. Setting aside that extra money instead of dipping into other accounts can give a person the means to reach financial goals faster.
Hopman also lauded Boucher for "gamifying" the financial planning process.
"The simpler you can make it for people the better. I think (Boucher's) gamification of financial planning process is a fabulous idea. The more plnning we have in mind, the more we can achieve our financial goals."
China Eastern and China Southern airlines have won approval from the National Development and Reform Commission of China (NDRC) to invest in Beijing's new airport, which is expected to open in 2019.
Shanghai-based China Eastern and Guangzhou-based China Southern will invest CNY13.2 billion ($1.9 billion) and CNY14.8 billion, respectively, in the yet-to-be-named airport in an effort to enhance their positions in the Beijing market.
In July 2016, the Civil Aviation Administration of China announced the two carriers, along with other SkyTeam members, will move to the new airport, which is located Beijing's Daxing district.
Beijing-based Air China and other Star Alliance member carriers are expected to remain at Beijing Capital Airport, which has a slot shortage.
China Eastern and China Southern are expected to build their own infrastructures at Beijing's new airport based on their respective passenger boardings. This would account for 40% of the airport's annual passenger volume—which is projected to be 45 million in 2020, 72 million in 2025, and 100 million in the longer term.
According to the NDRC, China Eastern's infrastructure at the new airport will cover 1.16 million sq m (12.5 million sq. ft.) and China Southern's infrastructure will be 1.09 million sq m. (11.7 million sq. ft.).
China Eastern plans to position Beijing's new airport as its core strategic hub for its most profitable Beijing-Shanghai route, increase the number of long-haul routes from Beijing, and strengthen cooperations with other SkyTeam members. Currently, China Eastern has no direct intercontinental long-haul route from Beijing.
In 2011, China Southern signed a cooperation agreement with the Beijing government to allocate 200 Airbus A330s and A380s to the new airport over the next 10 years.
Both carriers can take a four-year transition period to transfer all domestic and international routes to the new airport in exchange for favorable policies and support in areas that include international traffic rights, slots allocation, airport charges and ground handling.
Foes Reconcile after Downtown Fight Video Goes Viral
by Ellis Eskew
Two Montgomery foes make amends after video of a brutal fight in downtown goes viral.
The fight broke out at one o'clock Saturday morning in downtown Montgomery.
The two sides were brought together Monday night at Rell's Kitchen to reconcile.
They shook hands and apologized to the city and to each other.
They also prayed together.
Ja'Mel Brown organized the event.
He says, “we all know it was an embarrassment what happened Friday downtown. It was embarrassing. It went viral. But what ways can we find to make something positive out of it? So over the weekend, I was thinking and I said let's do like they used to do back in the old days. Those who had a fist fight, they put them in one room and we mediate,” said Brown.
Increased police patrols in that area are expected now.
Transcript for White House says Trump won't be 'drawing red lines' on North Korea
I think. As was noted on Friday we are following the same policy that every administration from giving it time issues with respect to. This or thought we will comply with of the federal records act in the presidential records act. As stated by law. People. Let's I think it's not a question of objecting it's about following the law. Were following the law as. Both the presidential records act and the federal records acts are prescribed so it's the same policy that every administration had. Up until the Obama administration and frankly that the faux. Attempt at the Obama administration put out where they would scrub. They didn't want to put out. Didn't serve anyone while the president wants to make sure that people income in the same waiting go to members of congress office. Provide information and each Allison and there's people who want to be able to come. How that conversation with with members of the administration same way that they would do with members of congress going to their office he takes this opportunity to line up. To get. Because I think I'm I'm trying to explain it you think. That we recognize there's a privacy aspect to allowing citizens to come expressed their views and that's why we maintain the same policy. They every other administration did come up here prior to the last one in the last one frankly was. A follow level of doing that because when you go through and subscriber of one scene out that you don't want him one right now. That really is is not an honest attempt to doing it we're gonna follow the law to waive it every administration has followed up until last one.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A dangerous dog is at risk of attacking more victims after biting a man outside city hall. The attack went unreported to Animal Services and the dog was able to stay with the owner.
A dog attack can happen any time.
"It just makes me a little more uncomfortable walking around," said dog owner Ben Bertran-Harris.
A lot of cases go unreported. That's what happened when only 10News cameras were rolling outside city hall.
The video shows the owner wearing a pink shirt struggling to hold her pit bull on the concrete. She's arguing with some men a few yards away. The dog becomes agitated and charges toward one man before biting down on his arm. You can hear him screaming in agony.
That man ended up getting away.
10News spoke to one dog owner who says it's not just himself that he's worried about.
"I walk with my dog and I think dogs are the first thing another dog would go after," said Bertran-Harris. I don't want to bother anyone while I'm walking and I don't want to be bothered by another person's dog who's off a leash."
He had his dog on a leash but not everyone plays by the rules.
According to actor Kunar Kapoor, the Pad Man Akshay Kumar takes his work seriously, but not his stardom. The actor is working with Akshay Kumar for their upcoming flick 'Gold'. The movie is about the first Indian Hockey team that won Gold at the Olympics. Kunal said that he cannot think of many other actors who have reinvented themselves like Akshay has.
Actor Kunal Kapoor, who will next be seen in “Gold”, says his co-star Akshay Kumar takes his work seriously, but not his stardom. Talking about “Gold”, Kunal told IANS over an e-mail interaction from Mumbai: “Everybody knows it's about the first Indian Hockey team that won Gold at the Olympics and it's a really amazing and powerful story. “It is wonderful working with Akshay and what I find amazing about him, which I have said before is that he is somebody that does take his work seriously but doesn't take his stardom seriously.”
Kunal, whose crowdfunding platform Ketto collaborated with BookASmile, the charity initiative of BookMyShow, says that it is fun to work Akshay. “He is very easy to work with and he is also somebody I have a great amount of admiration for because he is somebody who has constantly reinvented the way. You know he was somebody who started as an action hero, then he was somebody who was associated with comedy films, now he has changed that and is associated with content that is socially relevant,” he added.
Kunal said that he cannot think of many other actors who have reinvented themselves like Akshay has. “So, I have a lot of respect for that, for what he does and what he has achieved,” he added. Produced by Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar under the banner name Excel Entertainment, “Gold” is directed by Reema Kagti and will hit the theatres on August 15. On the other hand, Akshay Kumar is all prepared for his upcoming movie PadMan which will hit the theatres on February 9.
FX/HBO
Welcome to another episode of TV Avalanche, where Brian Grubb and I try to sort out the best, worst, and most interesting things happening in Peak TV.
While “prestige television” has spread out beyond Sunday nights of late, this week's podcast has us talking about four different new or returning Sunday shows. First up, Brian is excited about the new season of Billions, though neither of us has watched any of it yet, and will be watching it in very different fashion when we each do. After that, we've got Bill Hader as a hitman-turned actor in HBO's Barry (which I wrote about here), and then Silicon Valley, which returns for a fifth season without T.J. Miller, and with Pied Piper a bit more stable than it's been in recent years. And then we talk about FX's Trust, the Danny Boyle-directed limited series about the kidnapping of J. Paul Getty III, which was also dramatized in last year's movie All the Money in the World.
We clothe things out with a mailbag segment with one long but juicy question: if we were assembling a presidential cabinet out of TV characters, and couldn't choose anyone from The West Wing, who would be our picks for Secretary of State, Defense, etc? Also, that conversation included my mentioning of a '60 superhero sitcoms called Captain Nice, and here are the credits:
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
As always, you can send questions to tvavalanche@uproxx.com, or tweet with the hashtag #TVAvalanche.
You can also follow the podcast directly on Twitter. Uproxx now has a dedicated TV Avalanche page with links to all the ways you can subscribe, but just in case, the podcast is available on iTunes (please rate and review if you haven't already), Stitcher, Google Play, and Android. You can also stream it below or download it from SoundCloud. Our theme song is “Brundlefly” by The Zombie Dandies, which you can download here.
The rundown:
0:00 – 4:50 Intro/Billions
4:50 – 16:00 Barry
16:00 – 26:18 Silicon Valley
26:18 -41:13 Trust
41:13 – 1:05:35 Listener mail: TV presidential cabinet
A spokesperson for the hit drama confirms that all three actors have quit the BBC1 show
Call the Midwife is to lose Bryony Hannah, Emerald Fennell and Kate Lamb from the cast after all three actors decided to quit the BBC1 drama.
Advertisement
Fennell and Lamb played nurses Patsy Mount and Delia Busby while Hannah has starred as nun Cynthia Miller since series one aired in 2012.
The news that the three actors won't be returning for series seven of the hit Sunday night show was confirmed to RadioTimes.com.
A spokesperson for the show said: “We are always sad when actors want to move on to pastures new, as it's a wrench to let go of such beloved characters, but time and again over the years it has proved hugely exciting to bring new faces and personalities into the mix.
“As a large ensemble family, comings and goings are part of life in Call the Midwife and we wish Emerald, Kate and Bryony all the luck for their next projects. Our core team are still very much at the heart of series seven and viewers have already taken newer cast members like Nurse Crane and Valerie into their hearts.
“We are also excited to have recently introduced our new midwife, Lucille. Call the Midwife continues to go from strength to strength with a regular audience of over 10 million and series six overnight ratings bucked the TV trend by increasing from series five.”
That will be of little comfort to Midwife fans who were thrilled to finally see Patsy and Delia reunited at the end of series six as the pair finally shared a kiss.
Now, it looks like we'll never find out what happened next. Three further series of Call the Midwife have so far been confirmed, along with three Christmas specials.
Advertisement
Meanwhile it was recently announced that Black Mirror actress Leonie Elliott had been cast as Nurse Lucille Anderson, who will become the first West Indian midwife to feature as a regular character in the BBC drama.
Atlanta attorney Claud "Tex" McIver could be headed to prison for the rest of his life. That's among the sentencing options, with the decision to be announced on May 23. Monday, a 12-person panel of 7 women and 5 men, found McIver guilty of the September 2016 shooting death of his wife Diane. They were in their SUV, she in the front, he in the back. He says that he was sleeping, holding a pistol, when the gun went off accidentally. He was found guilty of felony murder, meaning he killed his wife while in the act of committing another felony. He was found guilty of aggravated assault and possession of a firearm during commission of a felony. The jury also found him culpable on a fourth count, witness tampering. Dani Jo Carter was driving the SUV. During the trial, she told the court that, after the deadly shooting, McIver had tried to encourage her to say that she wasn't behind the wheel.
Prior to announcing the guilty verdict, the jury, just hours earlier, had indicated that they were deadlocked. The "Allen charge" was read to them by Judge Robert McBurney, urging them to reach an accord.
The prosecution maintained that McIver killed his wife because of money problems. After the verdict was read, Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard said the jury "spoke the truth" and added that the panel "had enough ambition and reasonableness about itself to return a verdict." The case against McIver, according to Chief Assistant District Attorney Clint Rucker, "came together incrementally." Rucker said, "the handgun did not malfunction and required 12 pounds of pressure to be fired."
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's slow response to the deadly white-nationalist attack in Charlottesville, Virginia was shocking to many politicians, experts on extremism and even members of his own party, but nobody could call it surprising.
Groups and researchers that track hate had sounded the alarm throughout Trump's campaign and presidency, warning that his rhetoric and actions were empowering the racist fringe. They're now demanding Trump finally confront a growing threat from hate groups who they say have been energized by his political rise.
"I believe we're at a pivotal movement here, one where the forces of hatred in this country are feeling unfettered to act and emboldened to move out of the shadows," Jonathan Greenblatt, CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, told reporters in a conference call. He called Trump's failure to adequately confront those forces a "serial issue" as a candidate and as president.
Related: Trump Condemns Hate Groups, Calls Racism ‘Evil' Days After Charlottesville Violence
While Greenblatt said Trump's remarks condemning racism on Monday were positive, he added that Trump should have to “step above the lowest possible bar” and pair his words with action. Suggestions included producing a plan to investigate extremists and educate the public about the ongoing threat.
The list of Trump's prior run-ins with the far-right fringe is long and varied. He tweeted fake crime statistics spread by racists to paint black Americans as violent, then defended them as credible. He sparked a firestorm last year when he declined to renounce support from David Duke, who participated in the Charlottesville white-nationalist rally, before later disavowing him. His campaign tweeted an image of Hillary Clinton with a Jewish star that was traced to an extremist user, then claimed it was a sheriff's badge.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Has History of Being Slow to Disavow White Nationalists 1:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Researchers who study extremist groups view the Charlottesville rally, the largest of its kind in recent years, as part of a broader move by white supremacists to play a more aggressive role in politics. This newfound confidence, they say, is inseparable from Trump's attacks on Muslims and immigrants and his references to a conspiracy of global elites that the ADL has complained echo anti-Semitic tropes.
“President Trump's candidacy had so many different themes that were consistent with their views that he really did excite them in a way you haven't seen with other mainstream political figures,” said Peter Simi, a professor of sociology at Chapman University who researches extremism.
Greenblatt described Trump's campaign rhetoric as a "bullhorn" to the far right.
After Trump's election, white nationalist Richard Spencer led a conference in Washington in chants of “Hail Trump!” as attendees raised their arms in a Nazi salute. The White House transition team distanced Trump from the event in a statement at the time, saying he "has continued to denounce racism of any kind.”
Greenblatt and Simi both said Trump should consider removing figures like White House adviser and former Breitbart executive chairman Steve Bannon, who once described his news site as “the platform for the alt right” and has repeatedly cited an anti-immigrant novel, "The Camp Of The Saints," that's a touchstone in far right circles. Bannon has denied any ties to white nationalism.
Trump initially condemned violence "on many sides" in Charlottesville, drawing opprobrium across the political spectrum for comparing scuffles between anti-racist protestors and white supremacists to a deadly car attack that killed Heather Heyer, 32, and injured 19 others.
While Simi said "false equivalence" was a mistake that fed into white supremacist efforts to portray themselves as victims, he warned there was a real danger that far-right, anti-fascist and anarchist groups will adopt more violent tactics in their confrontations if left unchecked.
"I don't have very optimistic views on the next few years," Simi said. "I think the cycle of radicalization is quickly gaining momentum."
Brian Levin, Director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino, said the president's response was important because there are signs they can play a role in preventing racist violence.
Levin's research found a significant uptick in reported hate crimes against Muslims immediately after Trump announced his plans for a Muslim ban, for example. By contrast, President Bush's speech on tolerance at a mosque shortly after 9/11 coincided with a drop-off in hate crimes, which spiked after the attack.
"This is an extraordinarily strong indication that words matter," Levin said.
He added that his research has found an uptick of hate crimes in major cities since the election, lending more urgency to the issue.
Trump, who has made it a point of pride to condemn Islamic terrorism abroad even before the attackers are named (and sometimes inaccurately), has been notably slower to highlight violence targeting ethnic and religious minorities at home.
A newspaper in Kansas criticized Trump in February for not responding quickly enough after a man was charged with fatally shooting an Indian man and wounding two others while telling them "get out of my country." After police charged a man in Portland with fatally stabbing two good Samaritans who defended a Muslim teen he harassed, Trump waited days to praise the victims on Twitter for "standing up to hate and intolerance." More recently, the White House stayed silent after an explosive device set by unknown perpetrators went off at a mosque in Minnesota last week.
Days before the Charlottesville attack, Trump's deputy assistant Sebastian Gorka mocked concerns over far-right violence in an interview with Breitbart as an effort to distract from Islamic terrorism.
"It's this constant, 'Oh, it's the white man, it's the white supremacists, that's the problem,'" Gorka, a former Breitbart editor, said in the segment. “No, it isn't.”
Pet owners know how easy it is for a curious or excited animal to wander off. This can be a particularly big problem as the weather gets nicer and more folks take their furry friends for long walks, especially in crowded urban areas. Statistics show that one in three pets will get lost at some point in their lives.
Thankfully, GPS technology makes it easier than ever to keep tabs on your furry friend in real-time, with products like the Whistle GPS pet tracker. This handy little device clips onto your pet's collar and syncs with your smartphone so you can track your animal in real time and receive instant notifications of its whereabouts. The Whistle tracker uses satellite-based geolocation along with the largest wireless network in the United States to provide coverage across the entire country.
Set up designated “Whistle zones” where your pet is allowed to wander, and if it leaves the safe area the GPS tracker will immediately send an alert to your phone. Along with real-time tracking and instant location notifications, the Whistle companion app can record and analyze your pet's daily activity levels and give insights into the animal's health and behavior.
The Whistle GPS pet tracker fits on collars up to one inch wide and is recommended for animals that weigh at least 15 pounds. The durable housing is shock-proof and waterproof so it can go virtually anywhere with your pet, and if you have multiple animals you can monitor them all using separate trackers synced to the same docking station in your home. The internal battery offers roughly 10 days of continuous use.
Normally $80, the Whistle GPS pet tracker comes down to just $50 on Best Buy after a limited-time $30 discount, so you can have peace of mind about bringing your furry friends on all your adventures without emptying your wallet.
$50 on Best Buy
Members of the Grantham Sunrise Rotary Club have been carrying out mock interviews at Grantham Jobcentre on Thursday mornings, as part of the club's work in the community.
This long-term project was the idea of Maggie Welton, who saw an opportunity for the Sunrisers to get involved with the jobcentre, and assist local people with preparation for real job interviews.
The project began in September, with the aim being to help claimants gain employment. The jobcentre offers support in CV writing and preparing for interviews, and Sunrise members are able to further support this by offering mock interviews. These are conducted by two Sunrisers, in a formal setting, and has involved all members of the club.
After each interview, there is feedback from the Sunrisers to the interviewee, which offers practical advice and tips for a successful interview.
Michelle Bolshaw, job club session leader and work coach, said: “The mock interviews are a huge success and people who are currently looking for work find it very useful in preparing for interviews.
“We welcome and really appreciate the help that Sunrisers give to our customers.”
Rotary club president Lez Jones added: “We really feel that we are supporting our community with this long-term project. I am so grateful to Maggie for setting up this unique project, and we have had some really positive feedback, with local people not only having successful interviews but also gaining employment, which is a truly wonderful outcome.”
TORONTO — A man who is already serving consecutive life sentences for two separate murders goes to trial today in Toronto charged in the death of his father.
Dellen Millard is charged with first-degree murder in the death of Wayne Millard, who was found dead in his bed in November 2012, a bullet lodged in his brain.
The death of the wealthy 71-year-old businessman was initially ruled a suicide, but two years later, police charged his son with murder.
Dellen Millard has pleaded not guilty and will be tried by judge alone.
Police are still trying to formally identify a man who is believed to have died in a house fire on Monday night.
Fire crews were working yesterday to make safe the bungalow in Decoy Road, Sedge Fen, about three-miles north west of Lakenheath, so it can be searched to establish the cause of the fire.
Suffolk Fire Service was called to the fire at about 7.50pm on Monday and initially sent 11 appliances, including one from Cambridgeshire, because the blaze was so intense. In the end seven crews stayed to fight the fire which was not deemed to be out until almost 1am.
Suffolk Police have confirmed this afternoon that a man, believed to be in his 80s, was found dead in the building by fire crews. A police spokeswoman added: “At this time, the fire is not believed to be suspicious.”
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz, right, is tackled by Los Angeles Rams linebacker Samson Ebukam (50) and inside linebacker Bryce Hager during the second half of an NFL football game Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Los...
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz gets tackles during the second half of an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Rams Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Los Angeles. Wentz left the game shortly after the play and did ...
By ROB MAADDI
AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Carson Wentz got the Eagles this far. Now, it's up to Nick Foles to deliver Philadelphia its first Super Bowl title.
Wentz has a torn left ACL and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs, forcing the NFC East champions to turn to a familiar backup who once had one of the greatest statistical seasons in NFL history.
"The reason we got Nick Foles is for situations like this. I'm excited for Nick," coach Doug Pederson said Monday. "I hate it for Carson Wentz. I hate it for the season that he's been having. But at the same time, it's been the next-man-up mentality and that's how we approach it."
Wentz was a favorite in the NFL MVP race during a breakout sophomore season. He threw for 3,296 yards and set a franchise single-season record with an NFL-leading 33 touchdown passes while only tossing seven interceptions.
"From my standpoint, you don't waver, man. You don't let people see you sweat," Pederson said. "You just put your head down and you just go to work. You get everybody ready to play. It was evident when Carson was out of the game, you saw Nick come in and come back and lead us to victory in that game. So that right there is a great step in the right direction."
Wentz got hurt diving into the end zone on a scramble late in the third quarter Sunday at Los Angeles. Pederson said it appeared Wentz tore his anterior cruciate ligament before contact with two tacklers. The touchdown was nullified by a penalty, but Wentz stayed in the game and tossed a TD pass to Alshon Jeffery four plays later.
Foles replaced him on the next series after the Rams took the lead and rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a 43-35 win that secured the division title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
"This has been a resilient football team all season long," Pederson said. "If there's ever an opportunity for me as a head football coach to rally the troops, now might be the time."
Foles led the Eagles to their last playoff appearance - a 2013 home loss to New Orleans. That came after he threw 27 TDs and only two picks in 10 starts after replacing an injured Michael Vick during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles posted a passer rating of 119.2, the third highest in league history. He tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and went to the Pro Bowl, winning the offensive MVP award.
A third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, Foles in his second stint in Philadelphia. He is 20-17 as a starter, including playoffs. Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, then a season in Kansas City with Pederson as offensive coordinator, before returning to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
"My confidence is extremely high in Nick," Pederson said. "He's a veteran player who has played and won a lot of games. Nick's a highly intelligent football player. He's smart to the point of he and I are going to continue to dialogue like Carson and I did during the week. I want to make sure there are plays in his plan that he's comfortable with and that he likes. I want him to speak his mind just like Carson would, and we keep going. This is a veteran player we're talking about. So I feel comfortable doing that."
Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback. Pederson said he hasn't spoken to personnel boss Howie Roseman about adding a third quarterback yet. Sudfeld was selected in the sixth round by Washington in 2016 and hasn't played a down in the NFL.
"Nate's done a really good job," Pederson said. "That's part of the reason why we brought him up (off the practice squad) earlier in the year. Teams were interested in Nate, and we feel really comfortable with him."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Cee c defy critics, gets endorsement deals – P.M. News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Harvey Weinstein is indicted by New York grand jury in rape case. (Source: Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said he would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. He called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare him and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, according to his lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied his request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, he is due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear his name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her.
The other accuser in the case, former actress Lucia Evans, has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp and captain Jordan Henderson faced reporters in Germany this evening for a pre-match press conference ahead of the first leg of their Champions League qualification playoff against Hoffenheim.
Back in his homeland, Klopp was quizzed on a host of issues, inevitably including the saga regarding attacking midfielder Philippe Coutinho's future. The Reds boss also confirmed that striker Daniel Sturridge is not fit to play tomorrow evening, but should be available this weekend.
Here's what Klopp and Henderson had to say in full…
VANCOUVER — There was a palpable anger in the B.C. Lions' locker-room following a last-second loss to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats two weeks ago.
Wally Buono would like to see a little more of that emotion from his team on the field.
“After the fact, it's too late. Maybe go into the game a little more angry,” said B.C.'s head coach and general manager. “Football is an emotional game played by angry men.
“The anger has to come before the game, not after the game.”
Fresh off a bye week, where all they could do was stew over the crushing 24-23 home defeat that put another major dent in their playoff hopes, the Lions (6-7) sit last in the CFL's West Division as they prepare to host the Ottawa Redblacks (5-9-1) on Saturday.
Even if B.C. sweeps the club's final five games, it still might not be enough to make the post-season with the Saskatchewan Roughriders (7-6) and Edmonton Eskimos (7-6), who sit third and fourth in the West, both holding the tiebreaker over the Lions.
“You wanna be in the playoffs? You're in the playoffs,” Buono said in describing his team's current predicament. “I've been here a million times.
“I can handle the pressure. Can you?”
The good news for B.C. is Edmonton has lost six straight after starting the season 7-0, but the success or failure of the teams ahead of the Lions in the standings won't matter if they can't figure out their own game.
“It's playoff football for us right now,” said B.C. wide receiver Bryan Burnham. “We can't lose. We can't rely on other teams. We have to do what we can.
“Every game's a must-win from here on out.”
Lions quarterback Jonathon Jennings showed signs of life in the loss to Hamilton after a dismal performance against the Calgary Stampeders the previous week, but an offence that was supposed to light up the scoreboard has still yet to find its rhythm for a club that has lost two straight and five of its last six.
“It's been a tough season for all of us,” said Jennings, who has just six touchdown passes and an ugly 12 interceptions. “It hurts to lose, especially with all the expectations we have for ourselves.
“But we know it's not over. We know our chances aren't lost.”
Wide receiver Chris Williams, who signed with B.C. following two outstanding seasons in Ottawa, said the Lions' biggest problem has been a lack of execution in key moments.
“We've just got to go out there and make plays when the opportunities are given,” said Williams. “There's going to be some opportunities out there. We've got to sting them. We've got to make it count.”
The Redblacks, meanwhile, sit second in the East after two straight losses — including last week's 18-17 home defeat to Saskatchewan — but should have star quarterback Trevor Harris, who suffered a separated throwing shoulder on Sept. 9, under centre at B.C. Place Stadium.
Last season's Grey Cup champions, seven of the Redblacks' nine losses have been a combined 17 points in what has also been a frustrating 2017.
“You play football to play football, not to watch it or be on the (injured reserve),” Harris told reporters in Ottawa before the team flew west. “Even just missing three weeks is something that's an eye-opener.”
The Redblacks beat the Lions 31-24 in the nation's capital back on Aug. 26. The visitors trailed 31-3 in the fourth quarter before a frantic comeback attempt fell short after quarterback Travis Lulay replaced an ineffective Jennings.
But Lulay suffered a torn ACL in his right knee two weeks later, thrusting Jennings back into the starting role.
Despite his struggles, Buono said the third-year pivot still has a chance to save both his and the Lions' season.
It just has to start now.
“Athletes thrive on success,” said Buono. “When success doesn't happen, everybody's confidence starts to wane. It's what your foundation is, it's what your beliefs are, it's what your support system is that helps you to get through it.
“At the end of it you've got to pick yourself up. Nobody's going to help you.”
—
Follow @JClipperton–CP on Twitter
NEWCASTLE, England — Leicester snatched a thriller with Newcastle by 3-2 and a third consecutive English Premier League win on Saturday.
Ayoze Perez's own goal four minutes from the end ensured there were contrasting emotions at St. James' Park, as Newcastle's run without a win was extended to seven games.
Joselu gave the home side an early lead, but Leicester turned it around through goals from Riyad Mahrez and Demarai Gray. Dwight Gayle appeared to have earned a point when he levelled late but more drama was to come.
Leicester has excelled under Claude Puel and has 17 points from eight matches since previous manager Craig Shakespeare was fired in October.
However, the Foxes did not start well against its struggling opposition as Gayle picked out Joselu to give Newcastle the lead after just four minutes.
Mahrez levelled with a stunning solo effort as he found the top corner with a left-footed strike from outside the box, then Gray's shot deflected in to give Leicester the lead on the hour mark.
Newcastle benefited from a deflection of its own as Gayle's shot evaded Kasper Schmeichel in the 73rd, but substitute Perez found his own net as he attempted to stop Shinji Okazaki getting a shot away.
Leicester moved up to eighth.
Newcastle was 15th, just two points clear of the relegation zone.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Kelan Martin scored 26 points and Butler rolled past DePaul 80-57 on Saturday.
Martin, the second-leading scorer in the Big East, had 19 points in the first half when the Bulldogs (17-7, 7-4 Big East) took a 10-point lead with Martin hitting a 3-pointer to cap the first 20 minutes.
Martin added another 3-pointer to open the second half and the lead remained in double figures, reaching a high of 25 with 1:43 left on a 3-pointer by Campbell Donovan.
Paul Jorgensen had three of Butler's 10 3-pointers in scoring 13 points and Kamar Baldwin added 10 points for the Bulldogs, who have a four-game winning streak that started with a 79-67 win over the Blue Demons. Martin made 10 of his 11 free-throw attempts.
Marin Maric was the only DePaul (9-13, 2-8) player in double figures with 15.
DePaul committed 23 turnovers, 14 off steals, leading to 27 points.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Associate Forestry Minister Meka Whaitiri welcomes the project between Ngāti Hine Forestry Trust and Te Uru Rākau, to plant 3,600 hectares of pine trees in the far North and less than 500 hectares of Mānuka.
“The training programme that will run alongside the planting of Mānuka seedlings in 2019 and 2020 is a significant opportunity for Ngāti Hine rangatahi to gain qualifications in the forestry sector,” Whaitiri says.
She says they expect 20 trainees to be involved with the Mānuka planting next year and another 20 in 2020.
There will be a rise of business opportunities from the Mānuka plantation that could lead to employment opportunities in the heart of Ngāti Hine.
“I want to see training programmes that invest in our rangatahi – young people, and the young at heart – that roll out across the regions to build the capacity and capability within New Zealand's forestry sector.”
She says it is important to build an increasingly skilled, safe and higher paid workforce, including a Māori workforce that is able to benefit from the many opportunities the One Billion Trees planting programme will create.
“We must re-build the forestry workforce across the whole supply chain, including investing in the highly skilled as well as technology and innovation. This will ensure we can increase the value of our forestry industry and our forestry products.”
“This Government is committed to working with Māori to build their skills across the forestry sector and the primary industries to meet Māori development aspirations.”
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
The centers — around 300 in the state — say their purpose is to support childbirth by encouraging women to opt for parenting or adoption. They provide advice, vitamins, diapers, and baby clothes. Some offer ultrasound images. Forcing them to post the notices, they argue, amounts to government-compelled speech.
"The very reason they exist is to encourage and support women in choosing to give birth," says David Cortman of Alliance Defending Freedom, a conservative legal advocacy group representing the church-affiliated centers.
Jay Sekulow of the American Center for Law and Justice, who is also a lawyer for President Donald Trump, says in a friend of the court brief that no one can be compelled "to act as a ventriloquist's dummy for a government-dictated message."
In defending the law, the state says about half of California's 700,000 pregnancies a year are unintended and that many women with low incomes aren't aware of publicly funded health care options.
The law is designed, says California Attorney General Xavier Becerra, "to reach an audience in need of information at a critical moment," given that "late abortions may be less safe, less desirable, and more burdensome to obtain."
State legislators who pushed for the law said some pregnancy centers give misleading information about the risks of abortion, pretend to be medical clinics, or intimidate their clients.
Lower courts have been divided about whether such notice requirements violate free speech. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the California law, but similar requirements in other states and cities have been declared unconstitutional.
The courts have, however, upheld laws in 29 states that require doctors to provide various kinds of information to patients before performing abortions. The states say the laws are important to obtain a woman's informed consent. But women's groups say the information about the risks is often inaccurate.
The court will issue its decision by late June.
SEOUL, South Korea — As athletes gear up for the Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, they'll find some serious protection: condoms, and plenty of them.
South Korean condom manufacturer Convenience Co. is donating 100,000 of its latex rubbers to the athletes' village, while the Korean Association for AIDS Prevention will reportedly furnish another 10,000. It will be the most ever made available at a Winter Games, although the number falls short of the 450,000 distributed during the larger 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio.
While there's been some movement for South Koreans to start talking about a sexual revolution — in part because of the widespread use of social media — some observers are hoping the attention given to condom use at these games will get the socially conservative country to begin shedding its inhibitions.
Convenience Co. is providing condoms at the PyeongChang Olympics. One of the brands is called 'Right Idea.' Convenience Co.
"It is a great time to seize this opportunity to start having open discussion," said Hyeouk Chris Hahm, a Boston University professor who has researched sexual attitudes among South Korean adolescents.
In recent decades, nearly half of the nation's youth have reported engaging in sexual encounters in their teens — in some cases eschewing the expectation to be abstinent before marriage, according to a 2016 report in the Journal of Social Service Research, co-authored by Hahm.
"Although adolescents are initiating sex at an earlier age, this review indicated that their sexual knowledge is poor," the report found, "putting them at high risk of unhealthy sexual activities and (sexually transmitted infection) acquisition."
But even in a major city such as Seoul, ads in the subways routinely push plastic surgery and weight loss products, but notably absent are any addressing STD prevention, for instance.
Related: Sexually transmitted disease cases hit new high in U.S.
Hahm said there remains a stigma in Korean society about openly talking about safe sex and birth control.
"South Korea has one of the lowest fertility rates, and yet, South Korea has one of the highest abortion rates in the world," she added.
Abortions in South Korea are allowed under extremely strict circumstances, such as rape or if a woman's health is at risk. Women who have an illegal abortion can be punished with up to one year in prison or fines of about $1,820, according to Human Rights Watch.
"It is common for them to abort the pregnancy because of shame of being a young single mother, family rejection and very little societal support system for them," Hahm said.
Korea's Convenience Co. has donated 100,000 of its condoms to athletes at the Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea. Convenience Co.
But some advocates want laws to be loosened in order to protect women. An online petition with more than 230,000 signatures was submitted to the president's office last fall calling for the full legalization of abortions.
Birth control awareness and access, meanwhile, is not as openly discussed as in some Western nations.
A report last month in the health outlet Korea Biomedical Review said the last time a condom ad aired on Korean television was a Durex commercial in 2013. Before then, the only time was for an AIDS campaign in 2004.
"Even then, the ad portrayed condoms almost as an illegal commodity," the report said.
Park Kyung Jin, president of Convenience Co., said ensuring that the Olympics are well-stocked with free condoms is an "honor" and his company hopes "athletes will finish the tournament and return home in good health."
He added that its Right Idea brand — with the tagline "smart is sexy" — will change the perception of sex in South Korea. The company has also been outspoken about providing sex education for youth.
"Basically in Korea, we don't talk much about sex or sex education," said Jack Jung, a Convenience Co. spokesman. "It's because our work culture is very traditional, and because of religion. We didn't get any sex education when we were young or we were in high school."
Related: Follow the latest on the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang
Still, South Korea is actually no stranger to handing out condoms — at least at the Olympics. The 1988 Summer Games in Seoul was the first time condoms were publicly distributed at the international sporting event. At the time, it was part of an effort to reduce the spread of HIV.
In the 30 years since, younger Koreans have grown up exposed to Western culture and are living in more socially liberal ways than previous generations, said Jin-kyung Park, a professor at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies who has researched women's health in Korea.
Known for its advanced technologies, the country has even seen condom vending machines crop up in recent months. The company Instinctus has set up a handful of machines that sell condoms for the equivalent of just 4 cents and targeting people 19 or younger.
But even though the proceeds go to helping an adolescent health center in Seoul, the company's CEO said he still faces embarrassment.
"My parents ask me if all this is really necessary for teenagers," Seong Min-hyun told the online outlet Korea Exposé last year. "They don't want to tell others what I'm doing."
Bruce Harrison reported from Seoul, and Erik Ortiz reported from New York.
NEW YORK — In Washington, even a name change is fraught with political drama.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is pushing to be referred to as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, a surface level, but notable change for the agency tasked with protecting consumers against debt collectors and banks.
Officials say the change reflects the bureau's legal name, but critics say it underscores the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney took over. The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act did create a “Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection” but that name has rarely been used, except occasionally in court filings.
Under Mulvaney, the bureau has proposed revisiting the regulations and policies the Obama administration put in place, and has also reduced the number of enforcement actions it has taken.
Related Coverage Nugget of Knowledge: Secrets of a Centenarian
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Do dogs see in black and white?
Or can they detect color?
Humans have three different types of cones in their eyes and each type of cone is designed to see a specific wavelength of light.
Put them altogether and we can see a million shades of color or more.
Dogs and other mammals have only two types of cones.
No, the world to them is not black and white, it's colorful, only not like ours.
The average human can see the full spectrum of color from red to violet.
What does a rainbow look like to a dog?
It's a bit different.
When we see red, a dog sees deep brown…then lighter brown…a dog also sees yellow, grey, and then shades of blue from light to dark.
That's it: brown, yellow, grey, blue.
The next time you're shopping for the perfect toy for your dog, skip the bright red…she'll see it as muddy brown….stick to colors like blue or yellow that your dog can appreciate.
Did you miss an episode of Daybreak or want to re-visit a previous ‘Nugget'? View previous ‘Nugget of Knowledge' entries on WYTV.com .
If you have an idea for a ‘Nugget of Knowledge,' send your idea in an email to Len.Rome@wytv.com .
NASHVILLE — Travis Reinking's erratic behaviour began years before police say he showed up without pants at a Waffle House restaurant and killed four people with an assault-style rifle.
The onetime construction crane operator bounced between states and suffered from delusions, sometimes talking about plans to marry singer Taylor Swift, friends and relatives told police. He was arrested outside the White House last year after asking to speak to President Donald Trump, and his bizarre actions seemed to intensify in recent days with a car theft.
Now Reinking is charged in Tennessee with four counts of criminal homicide. He's been jailed without bond.
“He's a good kid that went off the handle for some reason,” said Dave Warren, who once worked with Reinking in Colorado.
Former co-workers at Rocky Mountain Crane in Salida, Colorado, told police after the shooting that Reinking as complex.
He didn't drink or do drugs, according to a police report describing the interviews, and he was known as intelligent, polite and an excellent equipment operator. He didn't like the government or the National Rifle Association, and he talked about being a “sovereign citizen,” although the meaning of the phrase wasn't clear.
What seemed to drive Reinking more than anything was an obsession with Swift, the report said.
Reinking told police — once in Tazewell County, Illinois, in 2016, and again in Colorado last year — that Swift was stalking him. He was infatuated with her and supposedly purchased a $14,000 ring and drove to California to try to meet her, authorities said.
But co-workers also knew Reinking as openly gay, according to the interview notes.
Ken and Darlene Sustrich, the owners of the crane service where Reinking worked for six months, recalled a time when he and other members of a crew were returning to Salida after completing a job. As they passed through the town of Last Chance, Colorado, Reinking quit on the spot.
“He misconstrued that was his last chance,” Ken Sustrich said. “He got super-paranoid, and he quit that day. He said, ‘This is my last chance.”‘
Reinking's intelligence impressed them. He would sometimes talk about astrophysics, Darlene Sustrich said.
In his last few days at the crane service, he began showing signs of paranoia.
“You could see something was off with him, but nothing violent,” Darline Sustrich said. Then came a call from the FBI, saying Reinking had tried to jump the White House fence.
“We told them, ‘Hang onto him if you can. Help him if you can,”‘ she said.
Ken Sustrich told police that he reached out to Reinking's father with concerns about his son's mental health. He said the father replied that he was aware of the issues and “had been recently trying to rekindle his relationship with Travis,” the police report said.
Back in Illinois last June, a sheriff's report showed, the younger Reinking barged into a community swimming pool and jumped in wearing only underwear and a pink woman's coat. That same day, an employee at his family's business, J&J Cranes, said he emerged from an apartment above the office wearing a pink dress, clutching a rifle and yelling profanities, according to a report.
The sheriff's department called his father, who was out of state. He told officers that he had taken four guns away when his son was “having problems” but later returned them.
Police suggested that Jeff Reinking “lock the guns back up until Travis gets mental help,” officer Randy Davis wrote in a report. The father agreed to do so.
When he was arrested at the White House, Reinking was not armed, but Illinois state police revoked his state firearms card at the FBI's request. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the Waffle House shooting, were transferred to his father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law. The father said he later returned the guns to his son again, police said.
Signs of paranoid delusions continued: In August, Reinking told police he wanted to file a report about 20 to 30 people tapping into his computer and phone and people “barking like dogs” outside his residence, according to a report.
It isn't clear why Reinking moved recently to the Nashville area from Morton, Illinois, and if it had anything to do with being near Swift. The performer has a home in Nashville, though it's not her only residence.
A representative of Swift did not return a message seeking comment, nor did the public defender appointed to represent Reinking, who has not entered a plea.
Nashville police say they were not aware of Reinking's past fixation with Swift, but authorities in Music City say they are all too familiar with people being preoccupied with the superstar.
“You wouldn't believe how many people are obsessed with Taylor Swift,” Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said.
Reinking apparently kept a low profile until recent days.
Alerted to the theft of a BMW from a car dealer last week, officers decided against a risky chase knowing the car had a GPS device and could be located. Police found the vehicle outside Reinking's apartment, but they did not figure out until after the attack that Reinking had apparently taken it.
——
Foody reported from Denver, Colorado. Reeves reported from Birmingham, Alabama. Associated Press writers Dan Elliott in Salida, Colorado; Ed White in Detroit; John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Kristin Hall in Nashville; and Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, also contributed to this report.
Share
The summer heat is giving viewers plenty of reasons to stay inside — and stay cool — this summer, and Hulu is locked and loaded for July. The streaming site has an impressive list of new offerings this month, from award-winning original series to critically acclaimed movies. Here are some of the highlights, as well as a full list of what's new this month.
This July brings the premiere of original series Castle Rock, which weaves a terrifying story filled with people, places, and very likely some monsters from the world of prolific horror author Stephen King, as well as the surreal sci-fi cult classic The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension!, starring Peter Weller, John Lithgow, and Jeff Goldblum in one of their weirdest projects to date (which is saying a lot).
Other highlights coming to Hulu this month includes the second season of original series Harlots, as well as celebrated heavy metal mockumentary This is Spinal Tap, the much-maligned (but mega-budgeted) superhero crossover Justice League, and the film that made Academy Award winners out of hip-hop group Three 6 Mafia, Hustle & Flow.
Follow below for our top picks, or scroll to the bottom for the full list.
Our top picks for July
‘The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension!'
A movie so weird, it has to be seen, this 1984 sci-fi adventure casts Peter Weller Buckaroo Banzai, a brilliant physicist, neurosurgeon, test pilot, and gifted rock ‘n roll musician. Along with his band, the Hong Kong Cavaliers, he finds himself thrust into the middle of an inter-dimensional invasion by aliens. It's just as bizarre as it sounds, with a cast jam-packed with familiar faces.
‘Castle Rock' Season 1
The myriad, terrifying worlds of Stephen King's novels merge in this new series set in the show's titular, fictional town in Maine. Selma actor André Holland plays a death-row attorney called back to his Castle Rock hometown after he receives a call from a guard at Shawshank State Penitentiary, and he's tasked with unraveling the mystery of an unknown inmate while dealing with some deadly mysteries of his own — something the town has no shortage of.
‘Justice League'
If you missed Warner Bros. Pictures' superhero team-up event in theaters (and judging by the film's lackluster box office, you're not alone), now is your chance to see what all the fuss was about. Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Cyborg, and Flash unite to defeat the alien armada of Steppenwolf in this effects-driven spectacle, but it's the polarizing debate surrounding the film that might be the biggest reason to see it for yourself.
‘Harlots' Season 2
The second season of this British drama continues to follow the competition between two rival brothels in 18th-century England, with one led by a former prostitute trying to build a better life for her family and her business.
July will also be your last chance to watch a variety of movies before they leave Hulu. Be sure to catch films like Hackers, Throw Momma from the Train, and the original Planet of the Apes before they disappear.
Below is the full list of everything new coming to the streamer in the month of July, and everything going away.
Everything new on Hulu in July
July 1
20 Weeks
The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai across the 8th Dimension
A.I. Artificial Intelligence
All Is Lost
Alone (Season 3)
Alpha and Omega
Alpha and Omega: Dino Dogs
Alpha and Omega: The Big Fuhreeze
Alpha and Omega: The Great World Games
American Pickers (Season 17)
American Psycho
American Psycho 2
American Ripper (Season 1)
An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power
Analyze That
Analyze This
Ancient Top 10 (Season 1)
And God Created Woman
Angel Heart
Assassination
At Middleton
Avenging Force
Bad News Bears
Barbie and the Three Musketeers
Barbie in a Mermaid Tale 2
Barfly
Beautiful Boy
Before Midnight
Beyond Borders
Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure
Billy Madison
Bloodsport
Body Count
Bound
Braveheart
The Brothers Bloom
Cadillac Man
Chasing Amy
Clear and Present Danger
Closing Gambit
Clue
The Curse of Oak Island (Season 4)
Cyborg
Dead Man Walking
Delta Force
Disaster Movie
Doomsday Preppers (Season 2)
Double Jeopardy
Dr. T and the Women
Election
The Eternal
Everybody?s Fine
Evolution
Forged in Fire (Season 4)
The Fourth War
Gangland Undercover (Season 2)
Get Real
Go
Hoarders (Season 8)
The Honeymooners
House Arrest
The Hunt for the Zodiac Killer (Season 1)
Hustle & Flow
Incident at Loch Ness
The Indian in the Cupboard
Intervention (Season 17)
Invaders from Mars
Jay & Silent Bob Strike Back
Jeepers Creepers
John Grisham's The Rainmaker
Just Before I Go
Killer Klowns from Outer Space
The Ladies Man
Ladybugs
Last Castle
The Legend of Bagger Vance
Le Ride
The Librarians (Season 4)
Little Women: Atlanta (Season 3)
Little Women: Dallas (Seasons 1-2)
The Lost Wife of Robert Durst
The Manchurian Candidate
Masters of the Universe
Maximum Overdrive
The Mechanic
Midnight in Paris
Mimic
Monkey Shines: An Experiment in Fear
The Monster Squad
The Murder of Laci Peterson (Season 1)
Murphy's Law
Next
Number One with a Bullet
One Direction: This is Us
Oscar Pistorius: Blade Runner Killer
P.O.W. the Escape
Patriot Games
Pawn
Pawn Stars (Seasons 13-14)
The Phantom
Pretty in Pink
Project Runway (Season 16)
Rabbit Hole
The Rundown
Sahara
Sex Drive
Six Shooter
Sleepers
Snake Eyes
Stephen King's Graveyard Shift
Stephen King's Silver Bullet
Street Smart
Superstar
This is Spinal Tap
Trade
When Sharks Attack (Seasons 1-3)
Who Killed Tupac? (Season 1)
Wicked Tuna (Season 5)
Witness
Wooly Boys
July 2
UnREAL (Season 3)
July 3
Borg Vs. McEnroe
July 6
Beat Bobby Flay (Seasons 4-5)
Bobby Flay's Barbecue Addiction (Season 4)
Burgers, Brew & ‘Que (Seasons 1-2)
Chopped Junior (Seasons 2-3)
Diners, Drive-ins and Dives (Seasons 24-25)
Food Network Star Kids (Season 10)
Heart of Nuba
Keeping up with the Kardashians (Season 14)
Kids Baking Championship (Season 3)
Kids BBQ Championship (Season 1)
The League of Gentlemen (Seasons 1-4)
Man Finds Food (Season 1)
Man Fire Food (Seasons 4-5)
Teen Titans Go! (Season 4B)
You're the Worst (Season 4)
July 7
Justice League
July 8
Alpha and Omega: Journey to Dog Kingdom
Mary Kills People (Season 2)
Sharp Objects (Season 1)
July 9
In a World
Serena
July 10
Along with the Gods: The Two Worlds
Cover Versions
Zombie Spring Breakers
July 11
Harlots (Season 2)
July 13
Build Small, Live Anywhere (Season 1)
Chopped (Seasons 18, 29)
Cutthroat Kitchen (Season 10)
Flea Market Flip (Season 5)
Ghost Adventures (Season 7)
Home Town (Season 1)
House Hunters (Season 109)
Iron Chef Gauntlet (Season 1)
Letterkenny (Seasons 1-2)
Love It or List It, Too (Seasons 6-7)
Property Brothers: Buying & Selling (Season 5)
Restaurant: Impossible (Seasons 12-13)
July 14
Better Things (Season 2)
July 17
Sharp Edges
July 20
Ballet Now
Embrace of the Serpent
The Last Ship (Season 4)
Outkast (Season 2)
This Country (Seasons 1-2)
Trial & Error (Season 2)
July 22
Leaning into the Wind
July 24
The Thundermans (Season 4)
July 25
Alone Together (Season 2)
Castle Rock (Season 1)
Real Humans (Season 2)
Black Cop
July 27
The Glass Castle
July 28
Friends with Kids
Victoria & Abdul
July 30
Before We Vanish
The Wrecking Crew
July 31
Casual (Season 4)
Into the Blue
Leaving Hulu in July
July 31
Reps Call For Nigeria's Highest Honour (GCFR) On MKO Abiola, Want June 12 Declared Democracy Day
Reps Call For Nigeria's Highest Honour (GCFR) On MKO Abiola, Want June 12 Declared Democracy Day
The House of Representatives on Tuesday called on the Federal Government to immortalise the acclaimed winner of the June 12, 1993 presidential election, Moshood Abiola, popularly known as MKO.
The lower chamber of the National Assembly also resolved that late Mr. Abiola be conferred with posthumous Grand Commander of the Order of the Federal Republic (GCFR), in recognition of his sacrifice and contributions to the unity and development of Nigeria and Africa.
This emanated from the adoption of a motion under matters of urgent public importance, sponsored by Sanni Zoro (Jigawa-APC).
Moving the motion, Mr. Zoro said that a vacuum was created following the death of Mr. Abiola.
“It is worthy to remember him always as a Nigerian who touched lives more than any other person in his lifetime. “Abiola also contributed in ensuring religious harmony by building bridges between faith organisations in the country,'' he added.
Mr. Zoro argued that apart from being acclaimed winner of June 12, 1993 presidential election by polling eight million out of the 14 million votes cast, Mr. Abiola contributed immensely to the political development of the country.
“It will not be a novelty to bestow the GCFR on someone who is not a president of the country. “Former President Shehu Shagari bestowed the same honour on late Chief Obafemi Awolowo in 1983. “I believe that we should immortalise MKO Abiola by conferring on him this highest honour in the country,” he said.
Contributing, Anayo Nnebe (Anambra-PDP) urged the federal government to declare June 12 of every year as Democracy Day in the country.
According to him, it was a day that Nigeria witnessed the most credible election.
“June 12, 1993 election had more significance for the country's democracy compared to May 29, which is currently being celebrated as Democracy Day. “The annulment of June 12 is an act of irresponsibility and recklessness by the then military regime. “I want to add that June 12, should be declared a national holiday to reflect issues that transpired; It should be seen as a national issue and not regional one,” Mr. Nnebe stated.
Similarly, a member representing Epe Federal Constituency of Lagos, Wale Raji, urged the federal government to declare the result of the annulled election by announcing late Abiola the posthumous President-elect.
Ruling on the motion, the Speaker, House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, referred the matter to the House Committee on Legislative Compliance to ensure enforcement of the resolution.
The post Reps Call For Nigeria's Highest Honour (GCFR) On MKO Abiola, Want June 12 Declared Democracy Day appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Moscow is grappling with a slew of fake bomb calls that have prompted the evacuation of shopping malls, schools, railway stations and administrative buildings.
The Tass news agency says there were over 100 anonymous bomb warnings in Moscow on Friday. No explosives have been found.
Friday's calls were the latest in a wave of fake bomb threats that have haunted Russia for a month, prompting evacuations of tens of thousands of people and incurring massive economic damages.
Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB), the main KGB successor, said Thursday the agency had tracked down four people suspected of engineering the wave of hoaxes. Bortnikov said the suspects were Russians living abroad who had accomplices inside the country, but he wouldn't identify them or describe their motives.
Constituents move to recall Enugu Rep
By Dennis Agbo
ENUGU—PEOPLE of Nsukka/Igboeze South Federal Constituency have asked the Resident Electoral Commissioner in Enugu State to commence recall process on their House of Representatives member, Hon Pat Asadu.
The constituents accused Asadu of non performance, insult and threat to the constituents.
In a statement by a group in the constituency – Nsukka/Igboeze South Rescue Movement, led by Comrade Onyebuchi Igboke, the people said “the recent threat by the member to his constituents that nobody can stop him from returning to the national assembly come 2019 was an insult to the people.”
They said Asadu made the statement in response to their demands for verifiable bills and motions sponsored by him since 11 years of his representation and the number of constituency projects attracted by him these 11 years of his representation.
The group said “the constituents are strongly believing the alleged rumour of bribe by Hon. Dr.Patrick Oziokoja Asadu to purchase his 4th term bid and attributed this to be the reason for his boastful and grandstanding statement.”
When contacted, Asadu said the group was a faceless one unknown to him and would want to meet with them if they are real.
The post Constituents move to recall Enugu Rep appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Digital cheating rocks WAEC
Students have gone digital in the way they carry out examination malpractices in the country, putting at the risk the future quality of the country's manpower. Perpetrators of examination malpractices in the country now leverage internet capabilities and websites to increase both reach and sophistication. For as little as N400 ($1.11), the sites send answers…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post Digital cheating rocks WAEC appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PARIS (AP) - Two teenage boys have been rescued after three days underground in the skeleton-lined labyrinth of the Catacombs of Paris.
Paris police said they alerted firefighters early Wednesday that the boys, aged 16 and 17, were missing. Police said teams of rescuers, including climbers and sniffer dogs, set out to search for the youths and found them beneath southern Paris a few hours later suffering from slight hypothermia.
It was unclear how the boys got lost.
Sometimes people sneak into the catacombs after the official museum is closed and venture into areas normally off-limits, even organizing special parties or adventure games.
Some 20 meters (66 feet) below Paris, the catacombs hold the remains of 6 million people, transferred there starting in the 1700s as public graveyards were closed.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PITTSBURGH — Four months ago, the Pittsburgh Penguins and Nashville Predators spent six games trading shots and momentum in a spirited tug-of-war for the Stanley Cup that ended with the Penguins skating away with their second straight title.
A rematch looms Saturday night, though don't expect either team to get nostalgic. The new season is three days old and both teams appear to be struggling to emerge from a Cup hangover.
The Penguins? Sidney Crosby and company have allowed 15 goals in two games, including the franchise's worst loss of the Crosby era in a 10-1 meltdown in Chicago on Thursday night that the NHL's biggest star called “embarrassing.”
Time to table the talk of a “three-peat.” At this point, Pittsburgh would settle for playing three periods of competent hockey.
“It's a tough lesson but we got to take something from it,” Crosby said. “Hopefully it's a wakeup call from us.”
Nashville didn't create quite as big of a mess during a 4-3 setback in Boston on Thursday night. Still, the Predators never led and needed a pair of goals in the final 108 seconds to make the final score more competitive than their play.
“We need to be a lot better in a lot of areas,” Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said. “I think our entire group needs to be better.”
The last time the Predators played at PPG Paints Arena, they arrived with the Cup finals tied at 2. Any chance of upsetting the defending champions evaporated in the first period of Game 5, when the Penguins poured in three goals past Pekka Rinne on their way to a 6-0 victory to reclaim control of the series. Pittsburgh clinched its first Cup back in “Smashville” with a taut 2-0 triumph in Game 6, the series decided on Patric Hornqvist's goal with just 1:25 left in the third period.
“You have all those things, those memories in your head and I'm sure you think about them before the game,” Rinne said. “But still, it is a huge game right now for us – we are down 0-1 this season so we have to get back on track.”
Maybe, but not nearly as much as the Penguins. Pittsburgh raised its Cup banner Wednesday night but ended up falling to St. Louis 5-4 in overtime thanks in large part to a defence that surrendered wide swaths of the ice to the Blues. A night later, the Penguins were even worse against the Blackhawks. Chicago scored five goals in the first period alone and it only seemed to get worse.
Pittsburgh goalie Matt Murray said his team only needed to “tighten up a bit.” Rather than practice Friday morning, the Penguins spent it reviewing the carnage of their worst defensive performance since allowing 10 goals to San Jose in 1996.
“Right now, more so than results, our coaching staff is concerned or focused on just the mindset or the commitment level to play the game the right way,” coach Mike Sullivan said. “When this team starts there, we're competitive, we can play with anybody. Sometimes we get in certain modes where we're trying to outscore teams instead of play the game the right way.”
In some ways Pittsburgh is still adjusting to a considerable roster makeover that saw the departure of a handful of key components to their historic run to consecutive titles, including centre Nick Bonino, who signed a four-year deal with the Predators in the off-season.
Bonino admitted it's going to be a little weird getting ready in the visitor's dressing room and facing so many familiar faces.
“It's always fun to try and beat them,” Bonino said. “I'm not dreading it. It should be a fun night. I'm glad it's over early, there's no build up for it.”
Not anymore.
——
More AP NHL coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Heavy downpours, thunder and lightning are possible as the remnants of tropical system Alberto move through tonight. The threat for severe weather is low but does exist with potential strong gusty winds and very heavy rainfall in isolated locations. Below is the current radar at 4:10 p.m. and what radar is expected to look like later this evening.
This damage from the storm so far:
The co-ordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics has stepped down, the latest departure to rock the embattled organization in the wake of a sexual abuse scandal centred on former team doctor Larry Nassar.
Valeri Liukin said Friday he was stepping down after taking over for Martha Karolyi in September 2016.
Liukin said in a statement that while he wanted to help turn the program around, “the present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty.”
USA Gymnastics did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Its board of directors stepped down earlier this week under pressure from the United States Olympic Committee.
The USOC announced Friday it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation into decades-long abuse by Nassar, a longtime doctor for USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University who is awaiting sentencing for assault charges against athletes at a Michigan gym. Nassar has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison on similar charges in a separate case completed last week and was previously sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges.
Liukin, a four-time Olympic medallist while competing for the Soviet Union, is the father of 2008 Olympic all-around champion Nastia Liukin. He is the longtime owner of World Olympic Gymnastics Academy in Texas and served as the elite development co-ordinator for USA Gymnastics from 2013 until taking over for Karolyi shortly after the 2016 Olympics.
Liukin says it's time for him to move in a different direction right now, but he will still support and encourage athletes and coaches from a different vantage point.
Two people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital Sunday night, after three package bombs detonated earlier this month in other areas of the city and killed two people and injured two others.
Austin-Travis County Emergency Management Services reported that an explosion in southwest Austin injured two men in their 20s who were hospitalized with injuries that didn't appear to be life-threatening.
The latest explosion took place as the annual SXSW conference and music festival came to a close.
There was no immediate word on what caused the blast or if it was related to the previous ones. Those blasts began when a package bomb exploded at an east Austin home on March 2, killing a 39-year-old man.
Two more package bombs then exploded March 12, killing a 17-year-old, wounding his mother and injuring a 75-year-old woman.
Update on explosion investigation with Chief Manley https://t.co/uMdIGx03Aj — Austin Police Dept (@Austin_Police) March 19, 2018
Sunday's explosion occurred far from the first three blasts, which happened in separate, suburban neighborhoods in the eastern part of the city.
Police blocked entrances to the neighborhood where Sunday's blast occurred and put up yellow tape about half a mile from the home where it happened. They urged those living nearby to stay in their homes.
Despite that order, neighbors milled around just outside the tape, but they said they hadn't seen or heard much. FBI agents were conducting interviews with some of them.
The latest explosion came hours after authorities raised the reward by $50,000 for information leading to the arrest of whoever is responsible for the first three explosions. It now totals $115,000.
Austin police Chief Brian Manley has said the earlier three bombings are related and could be crimes of hatred, but that investigators have not ruled out any possible motive or any clear idea “what the ideology is behind this.”
Manley said more than 500 officers, including agents from the FBI and other federal agencies, have conducted 236 interviews in following up on 435 leads.
TAIPEI, Taiwan — They're as likely to be spotted in the Tour de France as they are on the street.
Founded 45 years ago in Taiwan, Giant Manufacturing has built bikes that have cycled terrain the world over. But before gaining its own name recognition, Giant got its start making orders for others, including Schwinn, one of the U.S.'s most well-known brands.
“At that time in Taiwan, nobody will ever think of making their own brand, if you are doing [exporting],” Bonnie Tu, who became Giant's chairperson in January, told NBC News during a sit-down interview at Giant headquarters in Taichung, Taiwan. “I think most Taiwanese think you just make products for American or European companies.”
“The reason I like to promote Liv is not because I want to sell more bicycles. It's because when I'm riding the bicycle I feel so happy.”
King Liu, Tu's uncle, established Giant in 1972 with an investment of $4 million New Taiwan Dollars (the rough equivalent of US$ 133,000 as of publication) and 30-some-odd workers, according to the company's timeline. That first year, Giant made and sold around 3,800 bikes.
When Tu, who studied English at Tamkang University in Taiwan, joined the business in 1978, Giant began producing a line of bikes called World Sport for the Schwinn Bicycle Company, according to Tu and Giant.
“After visiting them so many times, after they came to see our factory for many times, finally they gave us a small trial order,” Tu recalled.
Meanwhile, Giant started marketing under its own brand name, officially launching in Taiwan in 1981, Tu said. The company has since laid down roots all across the globe, including in Europe, Asia, North and South America, Africa, the Middle East, Australia, and New Zealand.
Workers assemble Giant bikes at the company's headquarters in Taichung, Taiwan. Chris Fuchs / NBC News
Giant also ended its agreement with Schwinn in 1991, a year before Schwinn filed for bankruptcy.
But breaking into the U.S. market, which Giant entered in 1987, took a great deal of time and patience, Tu said. Giant's annual losses in the U.S. were around $5 million (plus or minus $1 million) until 2010, according to Tu, who served as the company's chief financial officer.
“For 23 years, we were drifting up and down,” she said.
Profit earned in China beginning in 1997, several years after Giant entered that market, helped to cover losses in the U.S, Tu added.
Giant focuses on research and development to make cycling fun, Tu said. Over the years, the company has experimented with different materials in its frame design. Tu said those include chromoly, a strong steel alloy made with chromium and molybdenum, and carbon fiber, a lightweight substance used in the fuselage and wings of planes.
The carbon fiber design, according to Giant, helps cyclists achieve high speeds, especially during a sprint. It worked for Tour de France 2017 King of the Mountains winner Warren Barguil, who is a Giant said rode a carbon fiber bicycle in that race on behalf of Sunweb, a German cycling team that uses Giant bikes.
Looking back at Giant's nearly half century in the business, Tu said she credits its success to its ability to lead rather than follow.
“I think most Taiwanese companies can be very good, but at a certain point they will stop improving, and they do not reinvent themselves,” she said.
While Giant bikes headline famous races like the Tour de France, they can also be spotted on the streets of Taipei, Taiwan's capital, as part of a public bike sharing program called YouBike. Giant began collaborating with the Taipei City Government's YouBike program in 2012, according to the company.
The program has grown in popularity in this population-dense city of 2.7 million as a foil to a transportation culture long dominated by the fast, convenient, noisy, and exhaust-spewing scooter.
An increase in dedicated bike lanes, reasonable rental fees, and more than 230 docking stations and 7,700 bikes have made YouBike a sometimes attractive alternative to subways and buses, as well as scooters and cars, customers say.
To date, YouBike has logged more than 89 million rentals, according to a tally on its website.
“It's very convenient and you can also get your exercise in,” Chia-ling Ye said in Mandarin while docking her bike with a friend outside the Zhongshan subway station one afternoon in late August.
Jen-hao Ou, another customer who uses YouBike once a week, agreed in part with Ye.
“It's a handy transportation tool for short distances,” Ou said, though he added that the hot, muggy summer weather and crowded traffic conditions in Taipei pose challenges for longer distances.
One of YouBike's docking stations on Nanjing West Road in Taipei City. Chris Fuchs / NBC News
While Giant in its first half-year financials reported double-digit sales growth in local currency for its private brand in Europe and the U.S., the company's revenue dropped by 7.4 percent to NT$26.9 billion (US$892 million) compared to the same period last year, according to a company news release in August.
Net income before and after taxes were NT$1.65 billion (US$547.1 million) and NT$1.19 billion (US$394.6 million) respectively for the first six months, a drop of 29.5 percent compared to the same period last year.
The statement attributed profit loss chiefly to unfavorable currency exchange rates. Giant also said its company in China suffered adversely from a continued slump in the Chinese market and also from bike sharing there.
But in Europe, Giant's growth came primarily from hot-selling electric bicycles, while mountain and road bikes did well in the U.S., the financial report said. The U.S. market, according to Giant, has also responded favorably to its electric bikes, which many in the industry view as the next big thing in cycling.
Workers assemble Giant bikes at the company's headquarters in Taichung, Taiwan. Chris Fuchs / NBC News
A company spokeswoman said around 30 percent of bicycles made by Giant today are for other companies.
Tu said she's also proud of a women's line of bikes she created for Giant in 2008 called “Liv.” The need became apparent, she said, after joining a cycling event across Taiwan. The quality of the women's bike she rode and the cycling outfit she wore made for a tough go, Tu said.
“So I started to think why don't we have a decent bike for female[s] and why [do] I have to wear a man's clothes,” she explained. “This is also not right.”
Liv has proven successful in many English-speaking countries, Tu said, including Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, and the U.S. It's also been a hit in France, she added. Total sales revenue for 2016 was over US$100 million, according to Tu.
At the age of 68, Tu herself has become an avid cyclist, riding everywhere every chance she gets, she said.
“For 23 years, we were drifting up and down.”
“The reason I like to promote Liv is not because I want to sell more bicycles,” she explained. “It's because when I'm riding the bicycle I feel so happy. And after I ride I feel more confident, and I feel more [in] control of everything.”
Even after being in the bike business for so long, Giant still surprises some analysts when they learn it's a company from Taiwan, Tu said.
For many Taiwanese Americans already in the know, Giant's success story is a bright spot and source of pride.
“That makes me feel very honored,” Tu said. “But [it] also reminds me I have to work harder, that Giant has to keep up the good work, that I shouldn't let them down.”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
Stephen Paddock had ‘evaluated' every part of his high-rise massacre, say police – who described him as ‘disturbed and dangerous': AP
Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock led a secret life which has left police struggling to find a motive for the mass shooting by a man they described simply as “disturbed and dangerous”.
Hundreds of officers have spent days trying to build a profile of the high-stakes gambler wh, over a period of decades, built up a massive arsenal of weapons before the high-rise massacre.
They said he had “evaluated” every part of the attack which they found “troubling”, before he opened fire on revellers at a concert on Sunday, leaving 58 dead and some 500 injured.
But as they pore over his life for clues, they have struggled to get beyond the superficial image of a man who had no known criminal record.
Those closest to him have failed to give police any insight into his mindset– with his girlfriend Marilou Danley calling him a “kind, caring, quiet man”.
His brother Eric Paddock also appeared to be of no help to investigators, telling reporters from his home in Florida: "He was a private guy. That's why you can't find out anything about him."
But behind the scenes of his everyday life, Paddock had been stockpiling high-powered weapons - including assault rifles and explosives - before he targeted concert-goers in Las Vegas on Sunday.
He shot hundreds of rounds from his room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel in the attack described as the worst mass shooting in modern US history.
Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo gave a press briefing to reporters in Las Vegas after police spent days investigating his life.
He said: "We have produced a profile of someone who is disturbed and dangerous.
"What we know is that Stephen Paddock is a man who spent decades acquiring weapons and ammo and living a secret life, much of which will never be fully understood."
He added: “I'm pretty sure he evaluated everything that he did in his actions, which is troubling.”
The Sheriff said he believed Paddock did not work alone, given the arsenal of weapons he had stockpiled. He said: “You have to make an assumption that he had some help at some point."
Officers who stormed his hotel room after the real-estate investor killed himself found 23 guns - including an AR-15 and an AK 47 – and hundreds of military grade bullets.
A further search of his Nevada home turned up 19 more guns, along with the explosive Tannerite - and several thousand rounds of ammunition.
But apart from the hard evidence he left behind of his criminal intentions, those closest to him knew nothing of the attack he planned.
"There's absolutely no sense, no reason he did this,” his brother Eric said in an interview outside his home in Orlando. “If you told me an asteroid fell into Earth, it would mean the same to me."
Companies interested in the Liberal government's planned purchase of new fighter jets have been told not to talk to journalists despite claims by federal officials the process will be open and transparent.
Those company representatives taking part in the Jan. 22 industry day in Ottawa, which outlined initial details about the proposed $19 billion acquisition, were required to sign a form agreeing not to share information with the media, according to documents obtained by Postmedia.
“Your registration to this event acknowledges your agreement to not share information or materials obtained at the event with the media, and certifies that you are not a member of the media,” the form noted.
The Liberal government's quest to buy new fighter jets has been controversial, with mixed signals and bungled deals.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said earlier his government would not buy the F-35 stealth fighter, claiming it didn't work. His government later reversed course, adding that F-35 manufacturer Lockheed Martin was welcome to offer their plane to Canada in any competition.
In 2016, the Liberals launched a plan to buy new Super Hornet jets from Boeing as an interim measure, only to scuttle that deal a year later because of a trade war involving the U.S. firm.
Instead, the government says it will now buy used F-18 jets from Australia.
The gag order on the industry day event was forwarded to Postmedia by company representatives concerned about the excessive government secrecy on a program that will cost taxpayers $19 billion.
Public Services and Procurement Canada did not comment on the issue.
But it is not the first attempt by the Liberals to crack down on what information might make its way to the public or news media about the multi-billion program.
In November 2016 it was revealed the Liberal government brought in an unprecedented gag order that prevents 235 Canadian military personnel and federal workers from ever talking about the program.
The non-disclosure agreement for the equipment project puts the fighter jet replacement on the same level as top secret counter-terrorism missions undertaken by the Joint Task Force 2 commando unit as well as clandestine operations by the country's spies, military sources say.
The permanent non-disclosure agreements were uncovered by Conservative defence critic James Bezan after he requested information through the House of Commons “inquiry of ministry” process.
Persons signing the NDA are considered 'persons permanently bound to secrecy'
The information provided to Bezan noted that 121 individuals at the Department of National Defence were required to sign the non-disclosure agreement, 39 at Public Services and Procurement Canada; and 18 at Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada. The rest of the 235 were employed by the Department of Finance, Treasury Board, Department of Justice and Privy Council Office.
Five other individuals working on the fighter jet replacement project who are under contract to DND were also required to sign the non-disclosure agreement or NDA.
“The NDA is a life-time agreement,” the response to Bezan noted. Persons signing the NDA are considered “persons permanently bound to secrecy” on the future fighter jet capability project, it added.
Defence industry executives and retired public servants say they have never seen such secrecy surrounding an equipment program.
The DND claimed that such agreements have been used with procurement staff before on occasion.
But Alan Williams, the former assistant deputy minister for material at the DND, has said that he had never heard of such agreements. Over the years Williams oversaw hundreds of equipment projects at both DND and Public Works, worth billions of dollars.
The fighter jet industry day involved some 200 participants from 108 companies. Some of those who attended questioned why government officials at the meeting could only provide basic details about the fighter jet program. Industry representatives noted that the purchase, which would see a contract awarded in 2021 or 2022, seems drawn out, considering federal procurement officials have been involved in trying to buy a new jet since 2010.
• Email: dpugliese@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidpugliese
Boeing Co warned employees on Monday it planned another round of involuntary layoffs that would affect hundreds of engineers at its commercial airplanes unit, according to a source and a memo seen by Reuters.
Continue Reading Below
The latest job cuts followed a prior involuntary reduction of 245 workers set for May 19 as the company responded to increasing competition and slowing aircraft sales.
The additional layoffs are due to start June 23, according to the memo from John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
“We are moving forward with a second phase of involuntary layoffs for some select skills in Washington state and other enterprise locations,” the memo said. “We anticipate this will impact hundreds of engineering employees. Additional reductions in engineering later this year will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition.”
Boeing's airplane unit eliminated several hundred engineers through voluntary redundancies announced in January and March.
In a statement, the aerospace and defense company said the extra job cuts would include managers and executives and be achieved through a combination of attrition, voluntary layoffs and in some cases involuntary layoffs.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
“In an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future, we are reducing costs and matching employment levels to business and market requirements,” the statement said.
It was not immediately clear whether workers at Boeing's Dreamliner factory in South Carolina would be affected.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay)
A Berks County man was charged Monday with driving drunk and causing a crash that killed his girlfriend in Upper Macungie Township.
Yvonne Rohrbach was a passenger on a motorcycle driven by Shawn Balthaser at 11:23 p.m. July 31, according to a news release from Lehigh County District Attorney James Martin.
The release says Balthaser, 49, failed to negotiate a left curve at Route 222 and Mill Creek Road. He drove across two concrete islands, the release says.
The release says Rohrbach, 52, fell off the motorcycle after he struck the second island. She was dragged a short distance until she struck a sign post, the release says. She was pronounced dead at the scene.
The couple lived at a home in the 400 block of Franklin Street in Hamburg.
Balthaser is charged with involuntary manslaughter, homicide by vehicle while DUI, and two counts of driving under the influence.
Biker whose passenger died in crash is out of hospital
The charge of homicide by vehicle while DUI carries a mandatory three-year prison sentence.
He was cited for driving after sunset with a passenger, which is prohibited for drivers with just a learner's permit. He was charged with reckless driving and related traffic citations.
Rudy Miller may be reached at rmiller@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @RudyMillerLV. Find Easton area news on Facebook.
After falling in the state semifinals a year ago to Skutt Catholic, Gretna is hungry to not only get back to the postseason, but to make it to the school's first-ever state championship game.
"We want to get to that state championship more than ever this year," said Joey Johnson, Gretna senior linebacker/tight end. "We're coming out here every day trying to grind for it."
Gretna posted a 9-3 record last season and returns 15 starters from last year's team. The Dragons kick off the 2017 season against Norris on Friday, August 25th.
Walking into a room of strangers can be an incredibly painful experience for all but the bold. Every business owner has to do it at one time or another, but even the most outgoing people can end up feeling a little shy. MSNBC's JJ Ramberg has these tips for feeling more comfortable and confident at networking efforts.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 3 tips for overcoming the fear of networking events 1:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
NASHVILLE — State officials are planning a groundbreaking ceremony for the new Tennessee State Museum.
According to a news release from the Tennessee secretary of state, the event will take place Monday afternoon at the future site of the museum in Nashville.
Among the officials expected to attend are Tennessee Secretary of State Tre Hargett, Gov. Bill Haslam, Senate Speaker Randy McNally, House Speaker Beth Harwell and Tennessee State Librarian and Archivist Chuck Sherrill.
Haslam and lawmakers secured $120 million in the 2015-2016 state budget for the museum, with $40 million extra to be raised.
Officials have said the fundraising campaign has already yielded more than $25 million in donations by corporations, foundations and individuals.
The new museum is set to open in late 2018.
KENSINGTON, P.E.I. — A police force in a tiny Prince Edward Island community is building an international social media audience, leveraging irreverent humour and pop-culture references to draw an audience for serious messages.
Const. Robb Hartlen of the Kensington Police Force says humour helps get people listening on drinking and driving, winter safety, drugs and whatever else.
“Why not get away from just hammering down the message, and soften it up with a little bit of humour?” he said.
More than a quarter of a million people have viewed a picture posted last Friday — or 4-20, known by many as Weed Day.
It shows a simple trap consisting of a box propped-up by a stick, with snack foods and video games as the bait. The caption: “Snowy and blustery out, but undercover #420 operations are all ready to roll out. Now we just sit and wait…”
Hartlen said they're not trying to be sensational with such posts, but instead trying to open a dialogue.
“It was our tongue-in-cheek look at the stereotypes of, if you smoke weed you get the munchies and want to sit down and play video games,” Hartlen said.
Sometimes the approach works, he said, and sometimes it doesn't.
In late 2016 the force had to apologize after posting that drivers arrested for drinking and driving would be forced to listen to the Alberta rock band Nickelback.
That post had more than 23-million views before it was removed.
“Some people say that was a bad post, but I still look at it as a very positive post because it gave us a wider audience to follow up with an anti-drinking and driving message, which is what that message was in the first place,” he said.
Hartlen said the Facebook page has given them the platform to talk about important messages and reach people well beyond the town's borders.
He said if they have a funny message one day, then they can do something more serious the next day.
Earlier this year, the force posted a video describing the dangers of eating laundry detergent pods.
The force did a Facebook Live post with a veterinarian inside an enclosed car on a hot day to talk about what was happening. They also did one on the dangers of the drug fentanyl, which has gotten about two-million views.
Hartlen said while his initial efforts at humour raised some eyebrows with his bosses, they see the benefits of getting people to visit the website on a regular basis.
“When you get the comical posts, people will keep following. Then you have the opportunity to do the serious posts,” he said.
— By Kevin Bissett in Fredericton.
The Hopkins County Sheriff's Office is working a crash on I-69 near Dawson Springs.
It happened before 8:00 a.m. Monday.
Authorities say we can expect more information soon, but they say the road should be opening up.
We've heard from viewers who were stuck in traffic for more than 30 minutes.
They tell us they saw a medical helicopter and two ambulances, although officials have not yet confirmed any information on injuries.
Video sent to us from a viewer shows a Jeep was involved in the crash.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Share
Nintendo Labo released on April 20, giving players both young and old the chance to build working pianos, remote-controlled cars, and even a fishing rod using their Switch systems, but the fun didn't stop with the gadgets Nintendo's own designers drew up. In just a few days, fans have already modified their Labo sets to create some truly awesome new toys. Here are eight of the craziest and coolest custom Nintendo Labo creations.
Vulpix RC car
When you first open up the Nintendo Labo Variety Kit, you'll be instructed to put together the RC car. The car makes use of the Joy-Con controllers' “HD Rumble” function, moving across the floor or table as you control it with the console. That is all well and good, but the cars look a little boring. Reddit user electricpiilot fixed this by making their own custom Vulpix design. The car looks just like the Pokémon, with the fiery tail and doe-like eyes, and we would be tempted to give it a hug if we weren't going to catch fire.
Game and Watch ball game
In the '80s, Nintendo had a series of handheld Game and Watch systems that allowed you to play rudimentary LCD games on the go. Simple as they were, they developed a cult following, and the Ball game became one of the most iconic. By cutting holes in a piece of paper and placing it on top of the Switch's screen, Twitter user JUMPINGREEN was able to replicate the game, catching a “ball” of light and sending it back into the air. The game even has bouncing sound effects to really drive home the retro feel.
‘Undertale' Sans boss fight
The indie role-playing adventure game Undertale is known for its rule-breaking boss fights, which introduce gameplay elements you don't typically associate with the genre. The fight against Sans uses a platforming segment as you attempt to avoid having your heart defeated by a series of obstacles, and the encounter was somehow re-created using the Toy-Con Garage, a paper heart, and some tape. A second player stands in as Sans with a mask over his face, and he's eventually defeated after the other player slashes with his own controller a few times.
Dog treat dispenser
Technically, this one wasn't made with Nintendo Labo as YouTube user Jobaa87 developed it shortly before the kits released, but its principles follow what the Toy-Con Garage enables users to do. Using the vibration on a Joy-Con controller, they were able to create a treat-dispensing device for their dog. It isn't an exact science, as a couple treats can fall out each time instead of one, but it's a brilliant way to keep your pet entertained with minimal effort!
Tom Nook's demise
Animal Crossing‘s Tom Nook might be the most hated Nintendo character of all time. The real estate broker initially seems friendly, offering you a great deal on your first house, but over time, you will view him as a predatory monster who only wants to take every penny you have. Nintendo UK community manager James Bowden brought his friends together to put an end to Nook once and for all, using the Toy-Con RC cars in a race to topple him from his throne. It's as satisfying as it sounds.
Play music, get candy
You're probably not a dog, so you can't just get a treat by standing there: You have to work for it. Twitter user mo3ore understands this, as they created a simple musical challenge designed to reward players with treats. If you correctly complete a minigame and play the Super Mario Bros. theme correctly on the Switch, it causes a Joy-Con to buzz and release a piece of candy from a cardboard dispenser. Of course, you could just reach in and grab the candy, but where's the fun in that?
Battle bots
The best creations are often the most simple. While other users built elaborate cardboard modifications for their Nintendo Labo sets, Twitter user Bonnie simply taped two big knives to the top of their Toy-Con RC cars. If you've ever seen the show BattleBots, you know those cars are going to get annihilated in tense combat, though this one is dangerous enough that we have to beg for you to not try it at home. But why stop at a regular knife? With a fully-deployed Swiss Army knife, you could corkscrew and opponent or hit them with a can-opener uppercut!
Murdering Labo Man
The small cardboard man holding a Joy-Con on his back quickly became a fan favorite after Labo was announced, with Super Smash Bros. fans even trying to convince Nintendo to put the character in the game as a playable fighter. The chance of that happening is pretty slim, and there are even a few Nintendo fans who wish harm to Labo Man. Twitter user mattyo_39 created a gun from a Wii Zapper, a Switch console, and two Joy-Con controllers to take Labo Man down for good. With the IR camera on the Joy-Con sensing his position, the gun fires and sends Labo Man crashing to the ground. He lived a short life, but he won't be forgotten.
Honorable mention: Playing the greatest song of all time
You don't even need to create a new physical accessory for your Nintendo Labo to make a truly wonderful custom work. Using the Toy-Con piano, YouTube user Akfamilyhome played a lovely rendition of Smash Mouth's 1999 hit song All-Star, continuing an internet trend of remixing the song to feature changed vocals, altered pitch, and other trippy modifications. His version is intentionally mediocre, but it also highlights the genuine musical potential the piano has for more serious creators. With the song being played on a cardboard piano, however, we think it's time to put the All-Star craze to rest.
NEW ORLEANS, La. (WFLA/WDSU) – The annual royal luncheon as held on Friday for the king and queen of Barkus.
Dressed in regal garments, His Majesty ZZVI, King Baker Williamson and Her Majesty XXVI, Queen Luna Settoon on the Krewe of Barkus had their traditional lunch before Mardi Gras on Feb. 13.
The royals were served a customary meal of lamb chops.
The Krewe of Barkus will parade in New Orleans on Sunday through the French Quarter for a “pre-pawty.”
All proceeds from the party benefit animal organizations in New Orleans and the Gulf South area.
Hong Kong's top court ruled on Wednesday that a British lesbian should be granted a spousal visa in a landmark judgment that could open the door for expatriate same-sex partners to move to the Chinese-ruled city.
The British woman, who requested to be identified only as QT in court, sued the director of immigration in 2014 after she was denied a spousal visa that would have granted her resident status and allowed her to work without the need for a separate visa.
In this file photo taken on November 6, 2015 people take part in the LGBTQ pride parade in Hong Kong. Isaac Lawrence / AFP/Getty Images
The woman and her partner, a dual British and South African national identified only as SS and who was offered work in Hong Kong, had entered into a civil partnership in Britain. QT did not appear in court.
“Although I cannot be with you in person today, that does not diminish the joy I feel, knowing that Hong Kong's highest court has upheld my right, as a lesbian woman, to be treated equally by the Hong Kong government,” QT said in a statement.
She plans to live in Hong Kong, instead of flying back and forth to Britain as she has been doing for years.
“I won't feel like a second citizen anymore and I can have the basic rights like anyone else, from as simple as having a library card to having healthcare,” she told reporters by phone.
The unanimous ruling by five judges, upholding a lower court's decision, brings to an end the case involving rights for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, which won support from more than 30 global banks and law firms, including Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
“This ruling strengthens Hong Kong's ability to attract global talent and its competitiveness as Asia's pre-eminent global center for commerce,” the companies said in a statement.
The decision goes beyond immigration and effectively recognizes the rights of local and foreign same-sex couples who legally entered civil partnerships abroad, said the British woman's lawyer, Michael Vidler.
“We never argued this case is about same-sex marriage for Hong Kong, but we hope this case will pave the way for exactly that,” he said outside the Court of Final Appeal.
Hong Kong's Immigration Department said it respected the ruling.
“We are studying the judgment carefully and shall seek legal advice as necessary before deciding the way forward,” it said.
"SHAKY FOUNDATIONS"
Hong Kong could become the first Asian jurisdiction to officially grant dependent visas to same-sex partners, even though it already makes some exceptions to diplomats.
Foreign diplomats in mainland China also say the Chinese government has been issuing de facto spousal visas to same-sex partners in recent years.
Although Taiwan set a precedent in Asia last year when its constitutional court ruled that same-sex couples have the right to legally marry, gay marriage has not been legalized yet.
An official website stated that same-sex spouses do not qualify as spouses for immigration purposes.
Japan does not officially grant dependent visas to same-sex couples, but some married foreign couples say they managed to get one.
Hong Kong is a popular destination for expatriates, many of whom work in the city's financial services and legal sectors.
Homosexuality was decriminalized in 1991, although marriage is legally defined as a monogamous union between a man and a woman. It does not recognize same-sex marriage.
There is no law against sexual discrimination in the territory which is governed under a “one country, two systems” formula that promises it a high degree of autonomy, a legal system separate from that of mainland China and an independent judiciary.
In a 45-page judgment, the judges said the director of immigration's assertion that an obvious difference existed between marriage and a civil partnership rested on “shaky foundations”.
The court also said that while the director of immigration's policy aimed to attract foreign talent, the act of rejecting same-sex partners was counter-productive.
It had not allowed the 31 global banks and law firms' to join in the court case, but acknowledged their effort in the judgment.
“As is evident from the attempted intervention of the banks and law firms, the ability to bring in dependants is an important issue for persons deciding whether to move to Hong Kong,” it said.
Veteran LGBTQ activist Billy Leung, who arrived at court with a small rainbow flag, said he knew at least six same-sex couples who had chosen not to move to Hong Kong or had left the city in the past five years over what they described as a lack of LGBTQ-friendly policies.
“The struggle is real,” he said.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
OTTAWA — A plan to "triage" asylum seekers crossing the Canada-U.S. border illegally, in an effort to move some migrants out of Quebec and into Ontario, has stalled because Ontario is in the midst of a provincial election.
Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau says Ontario civil servants have been working on details of the plan with the federal government and Quebec, but nothing can be finalized until a new provincial government is in place.
"There's a lot of very hard work being done by civil servants who work for Immigration Ontario to look at the whole issue of the triage, which is more than just a reception centre. It's the whole process of absorbing people who want to go to Ontario. And that entails resources — financial resources, and other kinds of resources, manpower resources," Garneau told reporters Wednesday.
"There is an election going on and, when it's all in place, there will be a requirement to get the new government of Ontario, whatever that government is, to sign onto that."
The ad hoc intergovernmental task force on irregular migration met Wednesday evening to discuss the ongoing issue of illegal border crossers and how to address pressures facing Quebec, where the vast majority of irregular migrants are arriving.
The group of federal and provincial officials also met last month, when they reached agreements on measures including the creation of a so-called triage system to identify asylum seekers interested in going to areas outside Montreal or Toronto to await the outcome of their refugee claims.
So far, the system has not materialized.
Quebec Immigration Minister David Heurtel says his province's resources are becoming strained. More than 9,000 refugee claimants have crossed into Canada through unofficial paths along the border so far this year, with 90 per cent of them landing in Quebec.
A majority of the primarily Nigerian asylum seekers who have arrived this year have indicated they want to live in Ontario. That's why Heurtel says he wants to see the triage system up and running, to help facilitate travel and other arrangements for those who want to go to Ontario.
"For us it is important to see that people who do not want to be in Quebec do not have to stay in Quebec," he said in French.
OSIJEK, Croatia — Canada's Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil looked to be in total control of their Davis Cup doubles match Saturday.
But a strong Croatian rally turned the rubber around, handing the home team a 2-1 lead in the first-round World Group tie.
Toronto's Nestor and Vancouver's Pospisil took a two-set lead and were up a break in the third before Marin Cilic and Ivan Dodig stormed back to win 2-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2.
“This is definitely a hard loss to process,” said Pospisil.
“We were playing so well at the start of the match, we were in control, but they were able to get that first break in the third set, which was the turning point.”
Saturday's result leaves 18-year-old Denis Shapovalov in a must-win situation Sunday against Borna Coric. Pospisil is slated to play the final singles match against Viktor Galovic.
Nestor and Pospisil double-faulted five times and had 17 forced errors to their opponents' 13.
The 45-year-old Nestor is participating in his 52nd Davis Cup tie. His 48 wins and 27 losses are a Canadian record.
“It's disappointing,” Nestor said.
“We knew that we were playing against a very good team and we got off to a perfect start. However, when you take on such a strong team and you get the chance to close out the match, you need to take advantage of those opportunities, otherwise, it will come back to haunt you.”
Saturday's defeat was Pospisil's second of the first-round series. The 27-year-old dropped Canada's first match Friday against Coric while filling in for Peter Polansky of Toronto.
The 48th-ranked Shapovalov won his singles match Friday, against Galovic, to even the tie at 1-1 heading into Saturday's doubles.
Shapovalov is not only the youngest member of Canada's Davis Cup team but also its highest ranked singles player. Pospisil is 85th, Polansky is 141st and captain Frank Dancevic of Niagara Falls, Ont., is 350th. Nestor is 60th in the doubles rankings.
Croatia has lost five of its last six Davis Cup ties at home but Canada has not won a road tie since 2011.
Sgt Pepper's return to the top of the album charts 50 years on from its release may have lasted only a week (welcome back, Ed Sheeran) but as far as I am concerned, the final E chord on A Day in the Life is still reverberating.
So on the basis that appetites might have been whetted by all that discussion of the album that revolutionised pop music, I've been rooting around in Beatles podcasts.
The podcast Something About the Beatles was drawn to my attention by someone called Bill Wyman (not THE Bill Wyman), a writer for Vulture.com who recently took it upon himself to rate all 213 Beatles songs from worst to best. I disagreed with much of it, but Wyman knows his stuff and he is right about Something About the Beatles.
The podcast is co-hosted by Richard Buskin and Robert Rodriguez — a Brit and an American respectively, and that combination is important. The Beatles were as much an American story as a British one, and both perspectives are covered in their always educative and entertaining discussions.
Buskin has a string of pop biographies to his name; Rodriguez's books include no fewer than five about the Beatles. We're in the realm of profound expertise and considerable scholarship, none of it too heavily worn.
Both men draw on personal recollections, but the podcast — often around an hour and a half long — never feels self-indulgent, in part because guest contributors also feature.
You might think that it's all been said about the Beatles but there's still a freshness, indeed a relevance, about Something About the Beatles that I think would commend it both to those of us who were around at the time and to later generations discovering them afresh.
More than 100 episodes of the podcast have been broadcast so far, the subjects ranging from specific albums (eg the recent one on Sgt Pepper) to moments in history (the Beatles' 1964 appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show) to niche aspects of their output (Our Favourite George Solo Songs) to the counter-factual (Post-Beatles Albums that Never Were), to more academic theses (Beatle Politics) to comparisons with others (the Beatles and the Monkees).
The podcast app PlayerFM has a Beatles section that features Something About the Beatles as well as numerous other podcasts devoted to the band.
Listen at somethingaboutthebeatles.com
LONDON - An innovative vending machine for HIV tests being piloted in Britain aims to help in the fight to end the epidemic by encouraging more people to find out whether they have contracted the virus as a first step to seek treatment, a doctor said.
Installed at a gay sauna in the southern seaside city of Brighton, the first-of-its-kind machine distributes free fingerprick self-testing kits that can be collected anonymously and used at home, providing results within minutes.
"(The aim) is to... encourage people who haven't tested so far to test," said doctor Gillian Dean, an HIV specialist at the Martin Fisher Foundation (MFF), the charity behind the project.
A vending machine dispensing free HIV tests is seen at the entrance of the Brighton Sauna in Brighton, Britain, August 10, 2017. Cormac O'Brien / Thomson Reuters Foundation
An estimated 14 percent of the more than 100,000 people living with HIV in Britain have not been diagnosed and are unaware they have the virus, according to government figures.
"If we can get to that 14 percent and get them tested and on treatment then they will essentially become uninfectious and the whole epidemic could then be drawn to a conclusion," Dean told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in an interview at the Brighton Sauna, where the machine was installed in June.
Currently many people are put off tests by the lack of anonymity and restricted working hours of sexual health clinics, MFF said.
A 2016 study of 281 men at the Brighton Sauna showed while about a third had never been tested, 93 percent were prepared to try self-testing or self-sampling, the charity said.
In the first six weeks since the machine was installed, it dispensed more tests than those collected by charity workers at the sauna in the preceding six months, it added.
Related: UnitedHealthcare Apologizes, Reverses Truvada Policy After HIV Activists Push Back
People living with HIV can take antiretroviral medication to lower the amount of virus in their blood, reducing the risk of transmission to their sexual partners.
Sauna customer Callum Stripp, 18, said heading to a clinic to get tested for the first time was an experience many gay men dreaded due to stigma surrounding the disease and homosexuality.
The kits dispensed by the touchscreen machine allow for more privacy and help reduce anxiety as traditional testing methods can take a few days to arrive, he said.
On Monday night in game two of the Eastern Conference playoffs Kyrie Irving become the second-highest playoff scorer in Cleveland Cavaliers history.
Irving, a point guard himself, passed legendary Cavs point guard Mark Price for second all-time on the Cavaliers playoff scoring list. You can take a good guess as to who number one is.
At just 25, Irving is already vaulting himself up a prestigious list of all-time great Cavaliers.
Mark Price even took to Twitter to congratulate Irving on the awesome feat.
Max Verstappen says he had no warning of the brake failure that saw the Red Bull driver end his Bahrain GP in the tire wall.
Verstappen had just copied Sebastian Vettel by making an early first stop, but soon after resuming he suffered a loss of rear brake pressure that left him with stopping power only in the front. He skated across the run off and just clipped the tire wall.
“It's not a very nice feeling if you hit the pedal and the pedal just goes very long and you can't stop the car properly,” he said. “As soon as I hit the brakes, it just went long. This track is always a little bit harder on the brakes, and then with the pit stop they heat up even more. Something just overheated too quickly.
“The brakes in general are always a little bit on the limit here, but I didn't see it coming. I hit the brake pedal and suddenly it failed.”
The frustration for Verstappen and his team was that he had enjoyed a good first lap and was pushing Lewis Hamilton before the stop.
“It was a good start, I chose the outside at Turn One, and that seemed to work pretty well. I already got two positions on lap one, and from then on I was keeping up with the guys in front of me.
“I was trying to push up to Lewis, and Lewis was pushing to the guys in front, and it seemed to work pretty well for us.
“The car was performing really well, especially in the race, we were just up there with the guys. I think the car is really good on the tires, and that was a good advantage for us on this track. It was a positive race up until that point for me. It should have been a lot of points.
“The pit stop was the right call, we would have ended up second after that lap. That was very good, but it was not meant to be.”
What's racing this weekend?
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Edinson Cavani says he wants to win the Copa Libertadores with a Uruguayan club once his career with Paris Saint-Germain draws to a close.
Uruguay striker Cavani scored his 157th PSG goal against Montpellier last weekend, taking him beyond Zlatan Ibrahimovic as the Ligue 1 giants all-time top goalscorer.
Cavani left his homeland in January 2007, swapping Danubio for Palermo, before going on to represent Napoli and PSG in Europe.
The Copa Libertadores has not been won by a Uruguayan side since Nacional's triumph in 1988 - a piece of history Cavani hopes to rewrite.
"I want to go back to Uruguay and win the Libertadores," Cavani told Radio Sport890.
"I can't tell you the name of the club yet, but I'm a man of projects. So, if an important project comes along, then I really want the Libertadores and I like challenges.
"I want a Uruguayan club to win it again."
Gone are the days when Valentine's Day was all about pleasing the ladies: Gift-buying for men is on the rise.
According to new data by iQuanti, Google searches on "what to buy him" spiked over the course of 2016, while online searches for "what to buy her" slightly dipped. The former search category grew by 11.54 percent, while gift-searching for women dipped by 0.58 percent.
A worker carries an armload of red roses at Winston Flowers in Boston, Massachusetts. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
"It was surprising to find that over the last year there seems to be a shift in the so-called classic Valentine's Day traditions," said Sastry Rachakonda, iQuanti CEO. "It seems that the expectations around Valentine's Day have changed, putting men and women on more of a level playing field. No longer is this holiday just about men buying flowers and chocolate, but women participating as well."
iQuanti's data shows that in 2016, the sum of Google searches around "gifts for her" was at 2,702,250, while gift searches for him were at 405,020. The latter number may sound like small potatoes in comparison, but it reflects a swelling interest in a consumer sector that was once virtually non-existent. And retailers are helping to create and stimulate the trend.
"Female and male markets are buying increasingly similar gifts for each other, and in most markets it's no longer expected the obligation be solely on the man to 'wow' her with an impressive gift like it was 20 or even 10 years ago," said Drew Cerullo, owner and CEO of Better Profit Growth. "Women are equally feeling the pressure to impress their partners, as is evidenced by their buying behaviors and searches."
Yup, Men Also Like Flowers and Chocolates
Roses are red, violets are blue, and men may be gifted them, too. Some of the biggest players in Valentine's Day flower retail now focus sections of their site to touting products for guys. 1-800 Flowers has a "Valentine's Day Gift For Him" page, as do FTD and Teleflora.
Chocolates, another traditional "for her" present, are also being represented by retailers as an ideal V-day gift for men. Godiva has customized a "for him" page on its site, as have Lindt and Edible Arrangements.
"Mars found that men and women purchase chocolate for Valentine's Day in nearly even numbers," said Stephanie Lakritz of Mars Chocolate North America. "Fifty-two percent of chocolate purchases are made by women, and 48 percent by men."
A Man and His Man Cave
While traditional Valentine's Day companies are increasingly marketing to those shopping for their guys, novelty retailers focused on men are also cashing in on Cupid.
"At Man Crates, we've seen Valentine's Day searches for men grow well over 30 percent a year for the last five years," said CEO of Man Crates, Jon Beekman, adding that 2017 is panning out to be its biggest Valentine's Day ever.
As its name suggests, Man Crates retails a variety of crates filled with stuff that men in particular may appreciate. Think sports gear, grilling tools, shaving kits, meats, and booze.
And, while whiskey and cold cuts may be much appreciated by the average Joe, why not pin a few sentimental photos on the walls of his man cave?
"This Valentine's Day, for the first time in our 26 years in business, we've seen a crazy unusual spike in orders to surprise men versus women, with their decades-past pictures digitized for Tuesday," said Mitch Goldstone, president & CEO at ScanMyPhotos.com. "Over the past few weeks, from our analytical monitoring, 80 percent of all ScanMyPhotos.com orders are from females."
Narrowing Searches and Changing Family Dynamics
Any good Googler knows that the narrower the search, the better the results, and iQuanti's data indicates that consumers are increasingly looking for certain types of gifts both for him and for her.
A breakdown of iQuanti's Valentine's Day-related searches from 2015 to 2016 shows that searches for "cute" gifts increased by 111 percent, "cheap" increased by 81 percent, and "restaurants" increased by 391 percent.
"Searches for shared experiences such as dinner or restaurants shot up more than 300 percent year over year from 2015 to 2016," said Rachakonda, adding that other keywords people were searching seem to "echo today's modern dating scene."
Data also reflected that Valentine's Day love for moms is on the rise, while dads and siblings are taking a back seat.
"We found that there was a 22.3 percent increase in searches in Valentine's Day gifts for mom, while gifts for dad went down by nearly 14 percent and gifts for brother/sister went down by 20 percent," said Rachakonda.
LONG BEACH, Calif. — The tools of the fishermen's trade are what make it possible for them to harvest the 170 billion pounds of seafood that the world feasts on each year.
When the items — nets, lines and traps — are inadvertently lost or abandoned at the bottom of the ocean, they become classified as ghost gear. The discarded debris not only pollutes the waters, but it disrupts ecosystems and has become increasingly deadly.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hunting for ghost gear: What happens when fishing nets go rogue 5:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A 2018 report by London-based World Animal Protection highlights how the accumulation of ghost gear in global waters is having a "catastrophic impact": Each year, more than 705,000 tons of it builds up in the oceans — an estimate the nonprofit animal welfare group believes may actually be higher.
Meanwhile, up to 71 percent of "entanglement incidents" involve encounters between an animal and plastic rope or netting, which includes ghost gear. In 79 percent of cases, entanglement causes harm or death, the study found.
"Ultimately this could mean our oceans simply stop providing for humans in the many ways we now rely on them," the report said.
But some people are hard at work to prevent that from happening.
A net dredged up off the coast of Long Beach, California, in December 2017. Melanie Benscome and Mariana Keller
Sea urchin diver Mike Neill, 54, and his crew are docked at Long Beach and they regularly set off in search of the lost gear. They work with a network of fishermen who report sightings.
"Where is ghost gear? It can be anywhere," Neill, who is associated with a marine debris program through the University of California, Davis, said during an excursion in December. "They just sit there and fish, and kill and kill and kill and kill."
"We don't always see everything these nets kill because the bones and everything just break up and fall to the bottom," he added.
In high-traffic areas, boaters have the tendency to cut their buoys, which can be attached to gill nets or lobster traps. The nets might be anywhere from a few years old to three or more decades in age, Neill said.
Related: This plant makes boba. A startup wants to use it to clean up plastic.
The frightening thing, he added, is the chain of wildlife that can be affected by a single piece of ghost gear. For instance, fish could get intertwined with a net. Then a bird chasing the fish gets caught. Then a pursuing seal gets stuck and even a shark can get ensnared.
"It becomes, in a sense, a feeding frenzy on it," said Neill, who has been retrieving lost gear since 2005.
One time, he added, his crews found a net with three dolphin skulls in it. Another time, he thought he pulled up a dead shark attached to a net.
"When I pushed it aside, the darn thing swam away. It was in pretty sad shape, but it was still alive," Neill said.
Mike Neill dives off the coast of Long Beach, California, in December 2017. Melanie Benscome and Mariana Keller
Around the globe, in places that people fish, the World Animal Protection report says ghost gear has the potential to wreak havoc.
In the Florida Keys, some 11 million traps could become lost over the next 60 years if current fishing levels continue. And in the northeast Atlantic, about 25,000 nets were recorded as lost in one of the deep water fisheries.
"Ghost gear undermines the viability of our fisheries too, as it catches and kills an enormous volume of seafood which would otherwise form part of the regular catch, in some cases worth millions of dollars depending on the fishery," the report found.
There are no federal regulations or protocols for when fishing gear is lost. The report says leading seafood suppliers must step up to fix the problem, which is as simple as creating incentives to recycle gear instead of abandoning it as well as using biodegradable alternatives.
Neill said ghost gear divers such as himself can't do it all on their own.
"We see the bones on the bottom after nets, we see the devastation and we see the little lives, the critters that we save," he said. "We want the ocean to be prosperous and we want everybody to be able to go out and go fishing."
Melanie Bencosme and Mariana Keller reported from Long Beach. Erik Ortiz reported from New York.
St. Louis Cardinals reliever Matt Bowman tells Jim Hayes that he talked to EVERYONE in the bullpen — even Seung-Hwan Oh (through his interpreter) — for guidance last season.
More FOX Sports Midwest Videos Yeo on Blues win: ‘We know there's … more work to be done' Schwartz on Blues win: ‘We do a good job of being in the moment' Pietrangelo describes Allen as ‘fantastic' and ‘lights out' Parayko ‘just trying to get something towards the net' on Blues goal Allen ‘not fazed' by amount of Wild shots WATCH: Gyorko, Piscotty homer in Cardinals' loss to Yankees More FOX Sports Midwest Videos
As Our Girl fans will be well aware, the army drama starring Michelle Keegan is usually on Tuesdays at 9pm – but a minor football tournament called the World Cup has been messing with that.
Advertisement
Last week, episode 4 of the BBC1 show moved ten minutes later to 9:10pm on Tuesday and this week the Beeb has wisely decided that it doesn't want to put Our Girl up against the England v Colombia game on ITV so it has moved days.
That means that the latest episode of Our Girl will air on Wednesday 4th July at 9pm (except in Wales where it will air on Thursday 5th July at 9pm).
Advertisement
Let's hope it's worth waiting for…
Abuja Airport Closure: Minister to meet stakeholders
The Minister of State, Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, will on Thursday engage the Industry's Stakeholders on issues arising from the proposed closure of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, for repairs on its runway. Sirika disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr James Odaudu, Deputy Director, Press and Public Affairs, Ministry of Transportation on Monday in Abuja.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Gov't to borrow Sh148 billion to fight gender based violence
Kampala, Uganda | THE INDEPENDENT | The Deputy Director Uganda Media Centre, Shaban Bantariza said the decision was approved by cabinet yesterday during its weekly meeting. The borrowing was approved to support the strengthening of social risk management and gender-based violence (GBV) prevention and response project.
The loan is required to increase participation in gender-based violence prevention programs and increase utilization of multi-sectoral services for survivors of gender-based violence in targeted districts.
Asked about the districts which will benefit from the loan, Bantariza said they will be communicated by the ministry of gender at an appropriate time after securing the loan.
GBV Statistics
The detailed report of 2016 Uganda Demographic and Health Survey by Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS) released last month gathered gender based violence statistics. A total of 9,232 women age 15-49 and 4,011 men age 15-54 responded to UBOS questions domestic.
According to the report, more than half of women (51%) and men (52%) age 15-49 said they had experienced physical violence. And one in five women (22%) and men (20%) said they experienced physical violence in the 12 months preceding the survey conducted in 2016.
The survey further showed that percentage of women who have experienced physical violence since age 15 declined from 60% in 2006 to 56% in 2011 and 51% in 2016. And the percentage of men who have experienced physical violence since age 15 increased from 53% in 2006 to 56% in 2011 before decreasing to 52% in 2016.
Similarly, the report showed that women's experience of physical violence in the 12 months preceding the survey declined from 34% in 2006 to 27% in 2011 and then to 22% in 2016. But the percentage of men who experienced physical violence in the 12 months preceding the survey has not changed substantially over the past 10 years.
Share on: WhatsApp
The post Gov't to borrow Sh148 billion to fight gender based violence appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's all change on the coast as we bid farewell to another leading character... and Aidan Turner's Ross becomes an MP
**Warning: Spoilers if you haven't seen Poldark series four episode two**
Poldark had it all in episode two – the death of poor, swooning poet Hugh Armitage, a new career for Ross Poldark (or The Rt Hon Ross Poldark MP as we will now have to call him), and yes, another glimpse of randy Reverend Ossie Whitworth sucking a toe. If that wasn't enough, there was even a bit of wrestling for good measure.
Advertisement
But first to poor old Hugh.
It hasn't looked great for him for a while – all that head clutching, the fact that he said he was going to go blind and the poems, my god the poems. All penned in the service of his rarely subtle attempts to nick Demelza off Ross following their love among the sand dunes moment in series three.
Armitage's gruff uncle Lord Falmouth (James Wilby) wanted the lad election fit. But Hugh's fate was sealed when Falmouth announced that he'd had enough of Dr Enys' considered diagnosis and told his servant something no patient wants to hear: send for Doctor Choake.
“Sending for Doctor Choake” has never ended very well in Poldark. Dr Choake has something of a history in this show and it's never struck me as the most reassuring name for a medical man. And sure enough, if Choake's considered treatment of “blistering, purging, vomiting, poulting and bleeding” sounded a bit medieval that's because it was. Not Enys' scientific powders for him, no siree. Though luckily he never got to deliver “trepanation” on poor Hugh (trepanation being an opening of the skull to let out pressure).
The precise cause of the poet's passing was never quite clear, however. Was he love sick? Perhaps he'd had enough of his own god-awful poems – I certainly had. Last week's “And if this day be all. Proud is my heart's recall. Proud is my funeral pall” nearly finished me off.
Hugh really did claim that if Demelza gave him hope he might pull through. And of course it was pretty decent of Ross not to stand in his way, knowing as he now does what passed between the two. Ross (unless the character is a better actor than Aidan Turner) also seemed genuinely keen for him to pull through.
But that's heroism for you. You root for the man who slept with your beloved wife. It's in the contract. Our hero wasn't going to stand in the way of Demelza's grieving either – leaving her be as she shed great torrents of tears by pregnant Caroline's fireside. And it allowed them to talk about what happened, Demelza saying she was heartbroken not just because of Hugh but because of the “sad, sorry, broken world”.
But at least Ross can now do something about that. Because in perhaps the best news of the night, he pipped ghastly George Warleggan to the local Parliamentary seat in a nail biting finish that would (in later years) have got David Dimbleby jumping up and down in his studio seat. And so Ross took the coach to London, bidding his poor family goodbye.
The Ross-Demelza union has been tested in the past, don't we Poldark fans know it. And it seems like his absence will challenge them further. But at least it will also give Ross a chance to exercise his do-goodery in the seat of government.
It was also nice to see George get his comeuppance – and Elizabeth, too; now a fully paid up member of Team George, she will have to put her London gowns to one side.
The fledgling love between Demelza's religious zealot brother Sam Carne and Tholly Tregirls' spiky daughter Emma (Ciara Charteris, below) also took a blow. Sam agreed to wrestle George's brutal gamekeeper Tom Harry if Emma repented of her sins. But Sam – a slighter fellow than his opponent, let's be honest – was undone from certain victory when Harry resorted to nasty tactics, gouging the poor lad's eye in a scene which all seemed a bit too Game of Thrones for lovely Poldark. And then he said that he had slept with Emma, which put Sam right off.
Still, brutish Tom was dismissed by George, who finally came good on his pledge to dispense with the thug at the end of series three. He's not going to take that well – and George would do well to look out.
And if that wasn't enough excitement, we got to see the Reverend Ossie Whitworth's toe sucking again. He was, he delightfully informed us, using the services of a “common drab” on account of his wife's weird disinclination to sleep with a fat sleaze who had “debauched” her sister Rowella.
We also saw Rowella again, and judging by the look she gave the randy Reverend at the close of the action, it seems she continues to enjoy toying with him. Now that is a story that isn't going to die. Just like ructions in the Ross-Demelza union.
The montage for next week's episode contained hints of Ross in a potentially compromising situation with another woman. And a scene with Demezla had him wondering “perhaps we don't know each other.”
Advertisement
It's going to be an interesting ride next week, Poldark fans. Bumpier, even, than Ross' carriage trip to London I'd wager.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — While the Dallas Cowboys are starting to pick up a little momentum, the question is do they have enough time to make the playoffs?
Dak Prescott threw three touchdowns and the Cowboys scored 20 fourth-quarter points in less than five minutes in beating the New York Giants 30-10 to stay in the playoff hunt with three weeks left in the regular season.
The win was the second straight for the Cowboys (7-6) and it spoiled return of Eli Manning as the Giants' starting quarterback and Steve Spagnuolo's debut as interim head coach in the wake of the firing of Ben McAdoo earlier in the week.
New York fell to 2-11.
“We're feeling ourselves, we're staying with it, we're staying within the game, not getting overwhelmed that we're not doing things well early,” said Prescott, who threw for a career-high 332 yards.
“But it would be nice to get going early and that's what we've got to do moving forward, is got the way we're playing in the fourth quarter throughout the whole game.”
This is the second straight game that the Cowboys have scored at least 20 fourth-quarter points to blow out an opponent. They scored 21 against Redskins 10 days ago in a 38-14 win.
“This is what this team is made of,” said linebacker Sean Lee, who returned to the lineup and had a late interception to set up a 15-yard TD run by Rod Smith.
“We've done this before. We've won tough. We continue to play as the game goes on. And you saw that we started making plays in the fourth that really won the game.”
Prescott put the Cowboys ahead 17-10 with a 20-yard touchdown pass to Jason Witten with 7:38 to play. It came one play after a 54-yard catch and run by Cole Beasley. The quarterback added an 81-yard scoring pass play to Smith. Prescott also threw a 50-yarder to Dez Bryant in the second quarter.
“To me, the biggest part of this game was the finish,” said Cowboys coach Jason Garrett, who team will be in Oakland (6-7) next Sunday night.
“That's always a huge emphasis for us, finishing plays, finishing drives and ultimately finishing the game.”
Manning threw a 1-yard TD pass to Rhett Ellison late in the second quarter that gave New York a brief 10-3 lead. Aldrick Rosas had a 39-yard field goal. Manning finished 31 of 46 for 228 yards with a touchdown and two late interceptions.
“Nothing's easy, but we hung in there and have played tough,” Manning said. “Dallas made a couple big plays, and we didn't.”
WITTEN AGAIN: Witten was a forgotten man in the offence until Prescott hit him for the game-winning score. It was the tight end's only catch of the day.
“You never know when your number is going to get called,” Witten said.
It was an uncharacteristically quiet day for Witten against one of his favourite rivals. He has 154 receptions and 15 TDs against the Giants, his top figures against any opponent.
ANOTHER INJURY: Add safety Landon Collins to the Giants' injury list. He hurt his left ankle in the fourth quarter making a tackle on Beasley at the end of a 54-yard pass play. Coincidently, Collins missed the initial tackle and had to chase Beasley down the field.
Collins was in a walking boot after the game. The Giants have 18 players on injured reserve.
NOT-SO PERFECT: Dan Bailey, usually Mr. Automatic from long range, missed field-goal attempts of 50 and 53 yards. He also missed an extra point. He had been 25 of 36 from 50-plus yards.
“He's as good a player as we have on our team,” Garrett said. “He missed three kicks today and none of us has ever seen him miss those kicks. He's a great kicker. We'll give him every chance going forward.”
Bailey did make a 21-yard field goal for the Cowboys' first points, becoming the 100th player to attempt 200 in a career. Rafael Septien was only other Cowboy to reach that mark.
SPAGS: Spagnuolo called the defensive plays and let Mike Sullivan handle the offence all week, including the game plan.
“Look, it doesn't feel good right now because we lost the football game,” Spagnuolo said. “So, your mind goes back to all the things you could have, should have, would have done. That's what happens when you lose.”
MANNING: When Manning took the field for the Giants' first possession he got a standing ovation. After his touchdown pass there were repeat chants of “E-Lie Man-Ning.” It's nice to be a two-time Super Bowl MVP.
There is also reality. When he left the field there were mostly only Cowboys' fans left in MetLife Stadium, chanting: “Let's Go Cowboys.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and — http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
SUNRISE, Fla. — Jonathan Huberdeau scored with 7.7 seconds left in the third period to lift the Florida Panthers to a 3-2 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday night.
Aleksander Barkov and Aaron Ekblad also scored for the Panthers. Harri Sateri made 26 saves for his third straight NHL win. Keith Yandle had two assists.
Danny DeKeyser scored both goals for Detroit and Petr Mrazek stopped 30 shots in his third straight start.
With the score tied at 2, Huberdeau slid a rebound under Mrazek's pad from inside the crease. The goal was challenged for goalie interference by Detroit but the call stood.
Barkov broke a 1-1 tie with his goal with 6:22 left in the second period. Evgenii Dadanov passed to Barkov in the high slot and Barkov skated in and beat Mrazek on the glove side.
DeKeyser tied it with his second of the game. Sateri blocked a shot and the bouncing puck went off DeKeyser's skate as he crashed the net and went across the goal line at 3:00 of the third period.
Ekblad's goal gave the Panthers a 1-0 lead at 3:14 of the first. Ekblad took a pass from Huberdeau in the slot and backhanded the puck off the post and into the net.
DeKeyser tied the score when his shot from the slot went over Sateri's shoulder on the stick side at 8:51 of the second.
NOTES: Panthers D Alex Petrovic played his 200th NHL game. … Florida F Jamie McGinn returned after missing two games with an upper-body injury. … The Red Wings played their third game in four days. … DeKeyser played his 350th NHL game.
UP NEXT:
Red Wings: Host the Boston Bruins on Tuesday
Panthers: Host the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday.
STEWIACKE, N.S. — Police say an 89-year-old pedestrian is dead after being struck by a pickup truck at a crosswalk in Nova Scotia.
RCMP says the man was walking on a marked crosswalk in Stewiacke on Friday evening when he was hit by a pick-up truck.
They say the man was sent to a hospital in Truro with serious injuries.
Police say he was later transported to the QEII Health Sciences Centre in Halifax, where he died on Saturday morning.
Colchester District RCMP say the roads were covered in snow at the time of the crash.
The investigation is ongoing.
Pomegranate Martini with fresh pressed juices, citrus syrup and Tito's Vodka is framed by a hand-painted gold-leaf mirror at Park Ave. The beautiful mid-century modern Stanton restaurant was designed by the same person who did the Bellagio in Las Vegas. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A sugar-rimmed Pomegranate Martini with fresh pressed juices, citrus syrup and Tito's Vodka is garnished with rosemary and orange zest at Park Ave. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
David Slay, chef-owner of Park Ave, clips fresh lemons, garnish and herbs from his culinary garden for martinis just outside his sister restaurant, Il Garage, in Stanton. He's a third-generation restauranteur who was well ahead of the curve on the farm-to-table movement. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
David Slay, chef-owner, is framed by fresh limes in his well-tended culinary garden, just steps from the Park Ave and Il Garage. Fresh seasonal produce comes straight from the garden at the Stanton restaurants. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Chef David Slay clips squash blossoms, lemons, limes, kumquats, baby zucchini and fennel from his culinary garden at Park Ave and second restaurant Il Garage in Stanton. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A Washington Apple with High West Whiskey, fresh cranberry juice and apple liquor, left, and sugar-rimmed Pomegranate Martini with fresh pressed juices, citrus syrup and Tito's Vodka is garnished with rosemary and orange zest might make you think you're seeing double at Park Ave in Stanton.(Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Rachel Murray of Park Ave creates a mean Pomegranate Martini with fresh pressed juices, citrus syrup and Tito's Vodka at Park Ave in Stanton. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The Rat Pack serenades Rachel Murray as she mixes a Pomegranate Martini at Park Ave. The Stanton restaurant has a elegantly retro, Jetsons vibe with beautiful old Hollywood pictures lining the walls. Old black and white movies play in the background. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Swanky sophistication is alive and drinkable at Park Ave, Stanton. Sugar-rimmed Pomegranate Martini with fresh pressed juices, citrus syrup and Tito's Vodka is garnished with an orange zest- wrapped rosemary. Cheers. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Park Ave was made for martinis. The sophisticated cocktail blends into the swanky chophouse, considered the jewel of Stanton. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A sultry Rivera Watermelon Freeze with Midori crushed ice, fresh puree of watermelon, ginger, Meyer lemon juice and Tito's Vodka entices at Park Ave, Stanton. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A Pomegranate Martini shimmers against its cosmopolitan surroundings at Park Ave in Stanton. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Drive too fast down Beach Blvd., between Orangewood and Katella Avenues., and you'll miss Park Ave and sister restaurant, Il Garage, two Stanton gems. Park Ave serves chops and cocktails in a retro, old Hollywood setting. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
David Slay, chef-owner, and his team of five full-time master gardeners have cultivated two impressive culinary gardens that supply Il Garage and Park Ave, Stanton. The third-generation restauranteur was immersed in farm-to-table before it became a lasting trend. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
David Slay, chef-owner of Park Ave, strolls from his two culinary gardens and Il Garage towards Park Ave. The Stanton restaurant also hosts weddings, brunch and wine dinners. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
David Slay, chef-owner, clips fresh vegetables and fruits from his beautiful culinary garden, just steps from the Park Ave and Il Garage in Stanton. (Photo by Cindy Yamanaka, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Over at Orange Hill Restaurant, don't forget to stop by during Happy Hour where most cocktails, including our other favorite Little Miss Sunshine (made with Hendrick's gin). Happy Hour cocktails are $9 at Happy Hour, about $4-$5 off normal prices. Pair it with a $3 prime rib taco at sunset. Orange Hill Restaurant, 6410 East Chapman Avenue, Orange, CA 92869, 714-997-2910. (Nancy Luna, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Over at Orange Hill Restaurant, you'll find a modern lineup of gin- and vodka-based cocktails with floral overtones. We especially like the Moonlight, made with Brokers Gin (shown) from England. Infused with cherry, raspberry, strawberry and lime flavors, the cocktail is a crafty version of a Cosmopolitan. Sip the cocktail in the newly remodeled O Bar lounge, which dazzles with its hilltop view overlooking Orange County. (Nancy Luna, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Little Miss Sunshine (made with Hendrick's gin) is $9 during the Monday through Friday Happy Hour at the O Bar inside Orange Hill Restaurant. The drink contains: Hendricks Gin, Peach, Lemon, Almond, Orange Blossom. (Nancy Luna, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The origins of the martini are as murky as – oh, how can we resist? – a dirty martini.
Some cocktail historians think it was born in the town of Martinez, California, during the Gold Rush, and in a humble way. A suddenly rich prospector had a hankering for Champagne, but there was none on hand at the local saloon, so the bartender made him something special with the ingredients on hand: gin, vermouth, bitters, some maraschino liqueur, and a hunk of lemon rind. The drink made its way to nearby San Francisco, caught on quickly, and was published in Harry Johnson's seminal Bartender's Manual around 1860 (the legendary barman worked in San Francisco around that time). Back then, of course, the vermouth would have been sweet, and that, coupled with the liqueur, would have made the historic martini unrecognizable to modern drinkers.
Others claim that the martini was invented in San Francisco first; some insist it was an invention of the bartenders at New York's Knickerbocker Hotel. And then there's the Martini & Rossi contingent, who point to that vermouth's introduction in the mid-19th century as the inspiration for the cocktail.
Whatever its origins, the martini has never really fallen from fashion, although over the years it has endured many changes of taste and convention.
The classic martini, at least in its early 20th-century form, had wandered far from its Wild West roots: equal parts gin and dry vermouth, served very cold with one green olive or a twist of lemon peel, in a small stemmed glass, usually 3 or 4 ounces. (As the 20th century unfolded, the portion of vermouth kept shrinking. Noel Coward once quipped, “a perfect Martini should be made by filling a glass with gin, then waving it in the general direction of Italy.”)
Why such a small glass? Well, martinis pack a punch. Also, a chilled drink will stay chilly longer in a smaller glass. Check out what William Powell sipped from in “The Thin Man” or Bette Davis in “All About Eve.” The tiny glass was the reason people could have a three-martini lunch and stay vertical for the rest of the day.
The vodka craze that swept America later in the last century unfortunately tainted the world of the martini. Gin was suddenly uncool, something best left to your dotty old uncle. That was also the unfortunate era when bartenders would attach the “-tini” suffix to any cute new drink; most of them had nothing to do with a real martini.
But happily, we've emerged from that dark age, and American craft distillers are all the rage. Most modern bars now stock FEW, Leatherbee, Leopold's and Brooklyn alongside Bombay Sapphire and Plymouth. Spain, Scotland and other countries are getting into the gin game, too, and they've introduced a boundless world of subtle new botanicals that go way beyond juniper, making vodka's essential tastelessness seem as bland and passé as a Hall and Oates song.
If you're ordering a classic martini at a reputable, well-stocked bar, you have two ways to go: either name your ingredients, or let a trusted bartender's tastes rule the day. Martinis aren't rocket science – there are only two principal ingredients – so it's all about the brands and niceties of preparation.
From Paul Hodgins
If I'm ordering:
4 parts gin: If I'm in a traditional mood, I ask for a classic London Dry such as Beefeater, Tanqueray or Bombay Sapphire. If I want to experiment a bit, I like Nolet's Silver from Holland, Spain's cult-ish Mahon, or one of the newer Americans. Orange County's own Blinking Owl is an excellent martini gin with enchanting botanical elements.
1 part dry vermouth: Dolin Dry Vermouth is crisp but it has a neutral flavor profile, so it doesn't get in the way of the gin's enticing botanicals. Noilly Prat Extra Dry is also acceptable.
1 olive, not too salty.
The gin and vermouth should be vigorously stirred on ice in a mixing glass for about 20 seconds then strained into a chilled martini glass that's not too large. (Sorry, Mr. Bond – shaking is for fruity drinks, not manly cocktails like the martini, which should never be watery or frothy.)
One of my favorite bartender-concocted martinis is from Newport's Island Hotel. I'm not sure of the proportions – I leave that up to them:
Plymouth Gin
Dolan Dry Vermouth
A dash of orange bitters
One Castelvetrano olive
The glass is a tad too large for my tastes, but other than that it's perfect.
690 Newport Center Dr, Newport Beach, CA 92660, 386-8361, islandhotel.com
From Anne Valdespino:
If one of your biggest beefs with a martini is that it won't stay icy cold, then you need to meet Park Ave's Riviera Watermelon Freeze. It's the ultimate refresher for a hot summer day. The green outer layer is frozen to the glass; the red inner layer consists of Tito's vodka, ginger, fresh watermelon and Meyer Lemon juice. This enticing blend is so light and soothing you'll doubt it's alcoholic. But use the melon balls on a toothpick garnish to stir up the icy drink when it's the consistency of granita. By the time you get a hint of green melon liqueur you'll be feeling no pain and savoring a finish that's like the sweet end to a delicious snow cone. Park Ave, 11200 Beach Blvd., Stanton, 714-901-4400, parkavedining.com –Anne Valdespino
Translucent green martini? There was a time when a cocktail that tasted like Jolly Rancher for grownups was all the rage. But the modern mixology craze leaves little room for phonies. Enter the bartenders at The Catch, who concoct a fresh new version. Gin gets shaken with apple juice and the golden concoction is served straight up in a coupe with a fresh apple slice. Order a “Steve Jobs” and kick back after a long day on your laptop: The Appletini is reborn. The Catch, 2100 E. Katella Ave., Anaheim, 714-935-0101, catchanaheim.com
From Nancy Luna:
Crafty Cosmo: Over at Orange Hill Restaurant, you'll find a modern lineup of gin- and vodka-based cocktails with floral overtones. We especially like the Moonlight, made with Broker's Gin from England. Infused with cherry, raspberry, strawberry and lime flavors, the cocktail is a crafty version of a Cosmopolitan. Sip the cocktail in the newly remodeled O Bar lounge, which dazzles with its hilltop view overlooking Orange County. Don't forget to stop by during Happy Hour when most cocktails, including our other favorite Little Miss Sunshine (made with Hendrick's gin), are $9, about $4-$5 off normal prices. Pair it with a $3 prime rib taco at sunset. Orange Hill Restaurant, 6410 East Chapman Avenue, Orange, CA 92869, 714-997-2910. theorangehillrestaurant.com
From Brad A. Johnson:
Margatini. OK, here's the deal: Aside from copious amounts of tequila, and the routine Bloody Mary, I don't drink a lot of hard liquor. My diet consists of a different restaurant every day. To counter all that variety, the one steady indulgence that I allow myself is my choice of drink. Thus my opinion on Martinis is not all that useful. The closest I might come to ordering a Martini would be The Mastro Margarita at Mastro's Steakhouse in Costa Mesa. It's really just a Margarita, but they serve it in a Martini glass. It's a darned good cocktail: Don Julio añejo tequila, agave nectar and freshly squeezed lime juice. Shaken, not stirred. Perfect. 633 Anton Blvd., Costa Mesa, 714-546-7405, mastrosrestaurants.com
One of the scariest-looking injuries of Week 17 hit one of the NFL's best players Sunday, but the Monday diagnosis for Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson was much more positive than expected.
Cardinals coach Bruce Arians told reporters that Johnson – who racked up 1,239 rushing yards and 879 receiving yards this season before going down against the Rams – has an MCL sprain only and will not require surgery.
No surgery for David Johnson. MCL sprain. “Great news” Arians says. — Kent Somers (@kentsomers) January 2, 2017
Much worse was expected when Johnson (see the video above) got his leg pinned under a Rams tackler and was taken to the locker room on a cart. The 2015 third-round pick has become one of the NFL's best and most versatile players in just his second season and was one of the few bright spots for the Cardinals as they went from preseason Super Bowl contenders to 7-8-1 and out of the playoffs.
Lana has a new hobby and it's being a Karson's Dentist Hygienist!
So Karson and Lana have a teeth whitening machine in their home which neither are trained to used… but Lana thought it is a good idea to try it out!
Listen above for more!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
SI TV isn't a live streaming service like ESPN+, but rather a video on demand service with Sports Illustrated studio shows, sports films and documentaries. It will also feature ongoing weekly sports analysis shows like The Crossover, Planet Futbol and The Line.
"Launching this app provides sports lovers with even more opportunities to access SI TV's programming, so whether they go direct or though pay TV providers like fuboTV we offer consumers even more ways to tap into the vast options of SI TV's original and acquired documentaries, shows and movies that have broad appeal," said SI TV's Josh Oshinsky in a statement. "Our strategy is to keep finding ways to bring SI TV to consumers however and wherever they want to watch."
ROME — Italian police have dismantled an international ring trafficking in what prosecutors allege are thousands of ancient artifacts illegally excavated in Sicily.
Maj. Luigi Mancuso, in Palermo for the Carabinieri paramilitary art squad, said Wednesday that investigators allege that the digs were commissioned by a London art dealer, William Veres, 64, who was served with an international warrant.
Twenty Italians were arrested in Italy, one in Spain, and one in Germany.
Mancuso said Veres had been arrested in 2017 in Spain in an unrelated investigation by the Carabinieri art experts.
Some 20,000 objects recovered included ancient coins, statues and pottery, as well as fake artifacts.
Police say many objects were smuggled into Germany, where they were falsely labeled as legitimate and offered by auction houses in Munich.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — Over the weekend, President Trump made his most direct — and explicit — criticism of special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation with this tweet: “The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!”
Yet that one tweet contained at least five inaccuracies or distortions.
The probe started after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, who had testified before Congress two months earlier that his agency had been investigating allegations that Trump's 2016 campaign might have contacts with Russian entities. Mueller was appointed as special counsel by the No. 2 official in Trump's Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein. While Trump said there “was no crime,” the Mueller probe has charged 19 different individuals with crimes, including Trump's 2016 campaign chairman (Paul Manafort) and 13 Russian nationals. In addition, five individuals have pleaded guilty, including Trump's former national security adviser (Michael Flynn), a former top Trump campaign and transition official (Rick Gates) and a former Trump foreign-policy adviser (George Papadopoulos). Although Trump says there was “no collusion,” that's not exactly what Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee concluded. “What we said … is that we found no evidence of it,” Rep. Michael Conaway said on “Meet the Press” yesterday, explaining that saying “no evidence of collusion” is different than saying there was “no collusion.” Conaway also admitted that Democrats on the committee have a different opinion on collusion. “The collusion issue, we found no evidence of it. The Democrats think they have. They've not shared that with us,” he said. While Trump said that the Russian investigation was based on “a fake dossier,” both Democrats and Republicans have admitted the original inquiry began with George Papadopoulos' conversation with an Australian diplomat that Russia had dirt on Hillary Clinton. “The Papadopoulos information triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Peter Strzok,” February's memo by Rep. Devin Nunes' staff said. And although Trump says the FISA wiretap of former Trump adviser Carter Page was surveillance of his campaign, the FISA court order to begin surveillance on Page took place after Page LEFT THE CAMPAIGN, the Washington Post writes.
A reminder of Team Trump's known and reported contacts with Russians and WikiLeaks during the '16 campaign
By the way, here's a reminder of the known and reported contacts that Team Trump had with Russians, their supposed emissaries and WikiLeaks during the 2016 campaign:
The June 9, 2016 Trump Tower meeting: After publicist Rob Goldstone emailed Donald Trump Jr. saying that the Russian government has dirt on Hillary Clinton ( Trump Jr. responds, "Thanks Rob I appreciate that. I am on the road at the moment but perhaps I just speak to Emin first. Seems we have some time and if it's what you say I love it especially later in the summer." Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafort eventually meet with Kremlin-connected lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya on June 9, 2016.
Papadopoulos learns Russia has dirt on Hillary Clinton: “On or about April 26, 2016, defendant PAPADOPOULOS met the Professor for breakfast at a London hotel. During this meeting, the Professor told defendant PAPADOPOULOS that he had just returned from a trip to Moscow where he had met with highlevel Russian government officials. The Professor told defendant PAPADOPOULOS that on that trip he (the Professor) learned that the Russians had obtained "dirt" on then-candidate Clinton,” according to Mueller's statement of offense against Papadopoulos.
Trump Jr.'s direct messages with WikiLeaks: Last November, the Atlantic reported on direct messages that Donald Trump Jr. had with WikiLeaks.
Roger Stone's reported contacts with WikiLeaks' Julian Assange: Last week, the Washington Post wrote about how Roger Stone, an informal political adviser to Trump, had claimed contact with Julian Assange in 2016, according to two associates. Stone later said he was joking when he made a reference to Assange.
Some Republicans have criticized Trump's attacks on Mueller. Others have stayed silent
The New York Times: “[Trump's attack on Mr. Mueller, a longtime Republican and former F.B.I. director appointed by a Republican president, George W. Bush, drew immediate rebukes from some members of the party who expressed concern that it might presage an effort to fire the special counsel. Such a move, they warned, would give the appearance of a corrupt attempt to short-circuit the investigation and set off a bipartisan backlash. ‘If he tried to do that, that would be the beginning of the end of his presidency, because we're a rule-of-law nation,' Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, an ally of the president, said on ‘State of the Union' on CNN.”
“Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, a sharp critic of Mr. Trump, [added]: ‘People see that as a massive red line that can't be crossed,' he said. He urged Mr. Trump's advisers to prevail on him not to fire Mr. Mueller. ‘We have confidence in Mueller.' Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina, said if the president was innocent, he should ‘act like it' and leave Mr. Mueller alone, warning of dire repercussions if the president tried to fire the special counsel.”
“The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, Republican of Wisconsin, issued a statement likewise warning Mr. Trump to back off. “As the speaker has always said, Mr. Mueller and his team should be able to do their job,” said AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman. His counterpart, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, had no comment, as did a number of other top Senate Republicans.”
NBC/WSJ poll: Democrats hold a double-digit lead for the 2018 midterms, even as Trump's job rating ticks up
As one of us wrote over the weekend, “Democrats enjoy a 10-point advantage over Republicans in congressional preference for the 2018 midterm elections, even as President Donald Trump's job approval rating has ticked up, the latest national NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll finds. Fifty percent of registered voters say they prefer a Democratic-controlled Congress, while 40 percent want a GOP-controlled one.”
“That double-digit lead — typically a sign of strong Democratic performance for the upcoming election — is up from the party's 6-point edge in January's NBC/WSJ poll, which was 49 percent to 43 percent, though the change is within the poll's margin of error.”
“Meanwhile, the NBC/WSJ polls finds that Trump's approval rating stands at 43 percent among all Americans — up four points from January. Fifty-three percent of adults say they disapprove of the president's job, down from 57 percent two months ago. The improvement for Trump comes from Republican respondents (who went from 78 percent approve in January to 84 percent this month), white men (52 percent to 59 percent) and independents (33 percent to 45 percent).”
FBI, Planned Parenthood, and Mueller are the most popular political figures/institutions in the NBC/WSJ poll
Here are the favorable/unfavorable numbers in the new NBC/WSJ poll
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An entertaining and imaginative performance - Ensonglopedia of Science - will transport the audience on a captivating musical journey through the A-Z of science.
There will be a song about science for each letter of the alphabet starting with atoms, blackholes, cells and DNA.
In this fast-paced drama, the audience is told to expect the unexpected when it comes to the Lion Salt Works Museum on Friday, May 18.
The performance starts at 7.30pm (doors open at 6.45pm) and it is suitable for adults and children over seven-years-old.
Tickets cost £9 per adult and family tickets are available for £24.80 and at £21.95. Parking is free. Tickets can be bought by visiting www.ticketsource.co.uk/cheshireruraltouringarts, at the museum or by calling 01606 275066.
Performed and written by John Hinton, a multi award-winning creator of musical comedies about Charles Darwin, Albert Einstein and Marie Curie, in Ensonglopedia of Science, he plays a wide range of genres on a vast array of instruments.
The evening is designed to captivate anyone from seven-years-old upwards who has a passing interest in understanding the universe. There will be some audience participation with a gentle quiz element for audiences.
Lisa Harris, director of place strategy at Cheshire West and Chester Council, said: “This fun, pacy performance sounds as though it will enchant both children and adults alike as well as being very enlightening.
“I am delighted that such a fun and entertaining show will be available in the historic Thompson suite in the Grade II-listed buildings of the Lion Salt Works Museum.”
The performance lasts for 70 minutes plus interval and is brought to the Lion Salt Works Museum as part of the Cheshire Rural Touring Arts Spring Season.
Access Bank, Development Bank Join Okpekpe Race Train – Complete Sports Nigeria
Complete Sports Nigeria Access Bank, Development Bank Join Okpekpe Race Train
Complete Sports Nigeria
Two of Nigeria's leading financial institutions, Access Bank and Development Bank, are the latest socially responsible corporate bodies to throw their financial weight behind next month's IAAF silver label Okpekpe international 10km road race which …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Kanye West called Hot 97 on the air this morning, just to tell morning show Ebro Darden “I love you” over and over. On yesterday's Ebro in the Morning broadcast, the radio host railed at length about Kanye's recent tweets about right-wing pundit Candace Owens, who'd criticized Black Lives Matter activists for what she called their “victim mentality.” Ebro also revealed yesterday that Kanye told him over the weekend that he “really [loves]” Donald Trump. Today's call-in was presumably in response to all that, except instead of really talking, Kanye just keeps saying “I love you” and cheekily reciting Stevie Wonder. It's a surreal several minutes that veers from sweet and funny to weird and disconcerting and back again. You can watch it via Hot 97 below.
Here are the margins of the eight major contests of 2017/2018:
KS-4 in 2016: Mike Pompeo 61%, Daniel Giroux 30% (R+31)
Mike Pompeo 61%, Daniel Giroux 30% (R+31) KS-4 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 60%, Clinton 33% (R+27)
Trump 60%, Clinton 33% (R+27) KS-4 in 2017: Ron Estes 53%, James Thompson 46% (R+7)
GA-6 in 2016: Tom Price 62%, Rodney Stooksbury 38% (R+24)
Tom Price 62%, Rodney Stooksbury 38% (R+24) GA-6 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 48%, Clinton 47% (R+1)
Trump 48%, Clinton 47% (R+1) GA-6 in 2017 (initial round): Jon Ossoff 48%, Karen Handel 20%, Bob Gray 11%, Dan Moody 9%, Judson Hill 9%.
Jon Ossoff 48%, Karen Handel 20%, Bob Gray 11%, Dan Moody 9%, Judson Hill 9%. GA-6 in 2017 (runoff): Handel 52%, Ossoff 48% (R+4)
MT-AL in 2016: Ryan Zinke 56%, Denise Juneau 40% (R+16)
Ryan Zinke 56%, Denise Juneau 40% (R+16) MT in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 57%, Clinton 36% (R+21)
Trump 57%, Clinton 36% (R+21) MT-AL in 2017: Greg Gianforte 50%, Rob Quist 44% (R+6)
SC-5 in 2016 : Mick Mulvaney 59%, Fran Person 39% (R+20)
: Mick Mulvaney 59%, Fran Person 39% (R+20) SC-5 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 57%, Clinton 39% (R+18)
Trump 57%, Clinton 39% (R+18) SC-5 in 2017: Ralph Norman 51%, Archie Parnell 48% (R+3)
NJ GOV in 2013: Chris Christie 60%, Barbara Buono 38% (R+22)
Chris Christie 60%, Barbara Buono 38% (R+22) NJ GOV in 2016 (presidential results): Clinton 55%, Trump 41% (D+14)
Clinton 55%, Trump 41% (D+14) NJ GOV in 2017: Phil Murphy 56%, Kim Guadagno 42% (D+14)
VA GOV in 2013: Terry McAuliffe 48%, Ken Cuccinelli 45% (D+3)
Terry McAuliffe 48%, Ken Cuccinelli 45% (D+3) VA in 2016 (presidential results): Clinton 50%, Trump 44% (D+6)
Clinton 50%, Trump 44% (D+6) VA GOV in 2017: Ralph Northam 54%, Ed Gillespie 45% (D+9)
AL SEN in 2016: Shelby 64%, Crumpton 36% (R+28)
Shelby 64%, Crumpton 36% (R+28) AL in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 62%, Clinton 34% (R+28)
Trump 62%, Clinton 34% (R+28) AL SEN in 2017: Doug Jones 50%, Roy Moore 48% (D+2)
PA-18 in 2016: Tim Murphy (R) unopposed
Tim Murphy (R) unopposed PA-18 in 2016 (presidential results): Trump 58%, Clinton 38% (R+20)
Trump 58%, Clinton 38% (R+20) PA-18 in 2018: Conor Lamb 49.9%, Rick Saccone 49.5% (D+0.4)
No, North Korea hasn't denuclearized — and experts doubt it ever will
Over the weekend, President Trump tweeted that North Korea agreed to denuclearize.
And on “Meet the Press” yesterday, top White House legislative aide Marc Short said that denuclearization means no longer possessing nuclear weapons.
CHUCK TODD: Denuclearization — what does that mean to the president, and what do you think that means to the North Koreans? Do you think you guys agree on what that word even means?MARC SHORT: I think there has to have a sit-down conversation to get to that point. But I think from our perspective, it means full denuclearization. No longer having nuclear weapons that can be used in warfare against any of our allies.
However, North Korea hasn't said it will denuclearize, as the AP writes. “North Korea said Friday it would suspend nuclear tests and intercontinental ballistic missile launches ahead of summits with the U.S. and South Korea. Kim also said a nuclear test site would be closed and ‘dismantled' now that the country has learned how to make nuclear weapons and mount warheads on ballistic rockets. But the North has stopped short of saying it has any intention of abandoning its nuclear arsenal, with Kim making clear that nukes remain a ‘treasured sword.'”
And Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chair Bob Corker, R-Tenn., told ABC that he doubts Kim Jong-Un would give up his country's nuclear weapons. “[H]e views having deliverable nuclear weapons as his ticket to dying as an old man in his bed. He saw what happened with Gaddafi. Gaddafi's a dead man now because he gave up his nuclear weapons. And so to think that somebody's going to go in and charm him out of that is not realistic. Is there some progress that can be made? I hope so.”
Macron, Merkel to begin 'tag-team effort' to convince Trump to stay in Iran deal
Here's another wrinkle to consider on North Korea: Would it be willing to restrict its nuclear program — let alone denuclearize — if it sees Trump rip up the Iran nuclear deal? Well, France's Macron and Germany's Merkel are visiting the White House this week to convince Trump to remain in the Iran deal.
“French President Emmanuel Macron's arrival in the U.S. kicks off a crucial week for European leaders in an uphill battle to convince Donald Trump to stay in the Iran nuclear deal,” per Bloomberg News. “Macron's visit Monday and Tuesday — the first formal state visit of the Trump administration — will be quickly followed by Merkel's working visit to the White House on Friday… ‘This will be a tag-team effort,' said Barbara Slavin, director of the Future of Iran Initiative at the Atlantic Council, who spent the days ahead of Macron's U.S. visit in Brussels consulting with European officials about the deal. ‘It's very crucial.'”
By the way, the April NBC/WSJ poll found 38 percent of Americans supporting the Iran deal, 11 percent opposing it and 50 percent who said they didn't know enough. Then asked if Trump withdraws from the deal, 26 percent said they'd back his decision, and 32 percent said they'd oppose it.
It's a big week for Mike Pompeo's rocky road to Senate confirmation
NBC's Rebecca Shabad and Frank Thorp: “CIA Director Mike Pompeo starts off a crucial week in his journey to Senate confirmation as secretary of state facing a Monday committee vote that's likely to be an unfavorable one, and a razor-thin margin of support in the full chamber. All Democrats on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, as well as committee member Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., have announced their opposition to Pompeo's nomination. If all stick to that position at Monday's 5 p.m. ET vote, the nomination will not have enough support to be reported favorably to the full Senate.”
More: “Despite that lack of support at the committee level, Republican and Democratic leadership aides say that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., can still bring up his nomination for a floor vote and is expected to do so later in the week — regardless of the committee vote — after jumping over some procedural hurdles. The last Cabinet-level nominee to be reported unfavorably by a committee and still confirmed by the full Senate, according to the Senate Historian's Office, was Henry Wallace, who was confirmed in 1945 to serve as President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's commerce secretary.”
The ‘Invisible Primary' watch for 2020
NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald looks at how potential 2020 Democratic hopefuls are racking up political chits by stumping for candidates this midterm season. “The 2020 pole position may belong to former Vice President Joe Biden, who has emerged as his party's ‘Everywhere Man' — the rare national Democrat who can comfortably campaign in even the most conservative parts of the country. He began building up good will when he stumped for successful candidates like Doug Jones in the Alabama Senate race and Conor Lamb in the Pennsylvania House contest, even as both candidates kept the rest of their party at arm's length.”
“Meanwhile, Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., who was snubbed by all but one senator and a handful of congressmen during his 2016 primary run against Clinton, is working harder than ever, both for his adoptive Democratic Party, to sweep more ‘Berniecrats' into office, and perhaps to [rack] up some IOUs that he could collect should he decide to run again.”
MINNEAPOLIS — After alternating wins and losses over the previous 10 games, the Minnesota Timberwolves were simply satisfied to pull out a victory against the Mavericks that stopped the back-and-forth swing.
Dallas lamented missed opportunities and a chance to continue its improved play of late.
Karl-Anthony Towns had 28 points, Jimmy Butler scored 10 of his 22 in the fourth quarter and Minnesota held on for a 97-92 win Sunday night.
“Just win, win the game,” Timberwolves coach Tom Thibodeau said. “Dallas has played well. If you watch their games, you would know how tough they've been playing. So I knew it was going to be a hard-fought game.”
Towns added 12 rebounds, including four on the offensive end, for his NBA-leading 21st double-double of the season. Minnesota committed 18 turnovers but hit four free throws at the end to pull away in a game in which no team led by more than six points.
Jamal Crawford had 16 points off the bench for the Timberwolves (16-11), who won back-to-back games for the first time since Nov. 15-17.
“They're not always going to be pretty wins,” Crawford said. “When you go through tough stretches and still find a way to win, I think that says a lot about your group.”
Harrison Barnes scored 19 and Maxi Kleber tied a career high with 16 points for Dallas, which has lost three in a row. The Mavericks, who had won four of six before the skid, shot 41 per cent in the second half despite going 8 of 19 on 3-pointers.
“We can't complain with the shots,” Barnes said. “We had layups, we had open 3s, open 2s. Our shots didn't fall. From an execution standpoint we did everything we're supposed to do.”
J.J. Barea sparked Dallas with 14 of his 16 in the second half, including a driving bank shot with two minutes left to give the Mavericks their final lead at 90-89. Butler followed with a turnaround jumper to put Minnesota back in front.
Barea added a pair of free throws with 24.9 seconds left to pull Dallas to 93-92. But Crawford and Taj Gibson each hit a pair of free throws to secure the victory for Minnesota, its third in the past four games.
“The best part is we found a way to win, so we'll take the positives as they are,” Towns said.
TIP-INS
Mavericks: Dirk Nowitzki played his 65th regular-season game against Minnesota, the most for any player. Nowitzki scored 10 points in 25:22. It was the 1,421st game of his career, leaving him three behind Kevin Willis for sixth on the NBA's all-time list. … Six players scored in double figures for Dallas. … Antonius Cleveland was the first player off the bench for the Mavericks and played a career-high 17:51. He helped hold Andrew Wiggins to 1-of-9 shooting early.
Timberwolves: Reserve F Nemanja Bjelica missed his ninth straight game with a left mid-foot sprain. … Minnesota opened a five-game homestand. The Wolves are 13-5 at home this season, including 7-0 against Western Conference teams. … Wiggins came through with two big buckets late in the fourth quarter after his slow start. He finished with 10 points. He's been held to single digits just one time this season.
NO TIMETABLE FOR SMITH
Dennis Smith Jr. missed his second straight game with a left hip strain, and Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle didn't have a timeframe on when his rookie point guard might be able to return. Smith is going back to Dallas to see a doctor.
“He's getting a little better each day, but I'm not going to give you any timetables right now,” Carlisle said. “Him being 100 per cent healthy is the No. 1 priority. That's what's got to be our focus.”
Smith, the No. 9 pick in the draft, is averaging 14.4 points and 4.0 assists per game.
SIGH OF RELIEF
Towns went down hard and was favouring his right leg before coming out with 3:04 remaining. He was checked by team trainers and returned later.
“It doesn't matter,” Towns said. “I'll see you guys on Tuesday. The streak continues.”
UP NEXT
Mavericks: Return home against San Antonio on Tuesday.
Timberwolves: Host the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Name: Jessica Fleet
Job: PA for Healthcare at Moneypenny
Born: In Congleton but adopted by a wonderful Chester family when I was just six weeks old.
Lives: Chester
Education: Birkenhead High School for Girls
Family: Partner Ben, who also works at Moneypenny, 14-year-old daughter Chloe, three-year-old son Jack and a third child on the way!
Ben and I ensure we are on different shifts so that the children always get taken and collected from school.
If I'm on a late shift then I start my day by taking our three legged rescue dog Milo for a walk with Jack, around Caldy Nature Reserve.
After our walk I get the children ready for school and if it is a nice day we walk the ten minutes to school.
At work my role is to provide PA services to healthcare companies, so I take calls to arrange new or existing appointments with consultants.
I enjoy working with our clients and answering all the calls on their behalf.
Providing a great first impression and building incredible relationships with them is really important, our clients truly appreciate our approach to customer service.
Ben will then pick up the children from school and we will make and have dinner together then it's bath and bedtime.
Ben and I will then relax on the sofa and watch a good drama on Sky Atlantic.
What do you wear at work? At the moment I'm pregnant so really anything that is comfortable but usually smart casual. I like to feel that I'm properly dressed for work.
What is the favourite part of your job? I actually love all of my job. I know not many people can say that about their work but I do honestly look forward to going into work because of the people, the environment we work in (the offices really are amazing!) and the variety of calls I receive. I am able to build fantastic relationships with my clients and am a valued member of their team as well as ours.
What is the least favourite part of your job? That is a hard question as there really isn't any parts of my job that I dislike. Maybe the amount of traffic we often hit on the way home or the abundance of irresistible treats available in The Middle (our canteen area), which makes trying to diet extremely hard!
What would your dream job be if you weren't doing what you are doing now? Before I had Jack I was a primary school teacher which I loved. I loved the teaching but I really disliked the politics and paperwork that went with it. If I could remove those parts of the job I would do it again in a heartbeat.
How do you relax when you are not working? I really enjoy time with my family and it doesn't really matter what we are doing, whether it is walking our dog or going out for a meal. We like to visit the local zoo and nature parks and take regular trips up to Anglesey for weekends away where we visit the beach, and spend quality time together.
What is your favourite film? The Green Mile. It is an oldie but a goodie! It always makes me cry, although I've seen it so many times now.
What is your favourite book? I love reading and have read so many books, across many genres in the last six months due to pregnancy insomnia! One that stands out for me is The Night Circus.
What is your favourite song? My favourite often changes but currently it is Ed Sheeran's Shape of You.
If a film was made of your life, who would you like to play you? Definitely Kate Hudson, I really enjoy watching all the films she is in and I also follow her on Twitter as I think she is fun, positive and a really good role model.
Have you had your 15 minutes of fame? I've met a few famous people but not yet had my own 15 minutes of fame.
We want to hear from people from all walks of life – to take part, email leah.jones@trinitymirror.com.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LONDON — A baby thrown from the window of a blazing high-rise apartment building in London early Wednesday fell at least nine floors before being caught by a bystander, according to a witness.
"A woman appeared at the window gesturing and trying to get someone's attention," Samira Lamrani told NBC News. "She had the baby in hand — she was gesturing like she was going to throw the baby out."
She added: "She wrapped the child up in some sort of thick blanket, and then just dropped the baby out of the window."
Lamrani watched as a member of the public caught the infant — "miraculously," as she put it.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 12 Dead, Nearly 80 Injured as Fire Engulfs London Hire-Rise Building 1:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The baby just sort of dropped in a straight line, and a guy just ran forward and the baby fell into his arms," she said.
Gallery: Fire Rages Through Apartment Tower in London
According to Lamrani, some people trapped inside the 24-story Grenfell Tower were "banging, frantically smacking the windows trying to get out."
She added: "The look of frustration on their faces, as if to say ... 'we're burning and no one is doing anything.'"
Lamrani also recounted seeing a man on a lower floor who was "literally begging for his life" as the flames approached.
"He obviously couldn't find an escape route and he couldn't leave," she said. "We were gesturing for him ... to jump out. You know, a few broken bones and at least you have your life."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Prime Minister Promises 'Proper Investigation' Into London High-Rise Fire 0:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton called the deadly overnight blaze an "unprecedented incident."
She added: "In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never, ever seen anything of this scale. This is a major fire that's affected all floors of the 24-story structure from the second floor upwards."
Find out when and how to watch the men's and women's finals on the BBC
After a fortnight of fierce competition on the courts at Wimbledon, the tournament's top male and female players will go head-to-head in finals in a bid to be crowned the winner of the 2018 Championships.
Advertisement
This year's finals will take place on the last weekend of the tournament, with the women battling it out on Saturday 14th and the men on Sunday 15th July, the same day as the World Cup final.
See below for the full list of matches being played on each day of finals weekend…
Saturday 14 th July
Women's singles final (starting on Centre Court at 2pm)
Men's doubles final
Lady doubles final
Girls' singles final
Boys' and girls' doubles
Women's wheelchair singles final
Men's wheelchair doubles final
Invitation doubles
Quad wheelchair doubles exhibition
Sunday 15 th July
Men's singles final (starting at Centre Court at 2pm)
Mixed doubles final
Boys' singles final
Boys' and girls' doubles finals
Men's wheelchair singles final
Women's wheelchair doubles finals
Invitation doubles finals
Advertisement
How can I watch the Wimbledon finals on TV?
The BBC will air coverage of the finals, with Sue Barker fronting the presenting team. Find out more here.
“Appsperiments” is a name that hardly rolls off the tongue, but put that to one side for a moment and instead immerse yourself in the smartphone fun offered by Google's latest research project.
Designed to explore the potential of mobile photography using its latest technology, Appsperiments launches with a collection of three apps described as “usable and useful mobile photography experiences built on experimental technology.”
So what exactly has the team come up with?
First up is Storyboard, an entertaining offering (currently Android only) that seems like a cool way to encapsulate a scene or short event. This free app uses artificial intelligence to analyze a video and select “interesting” frames to create a single-page, comic-style layout by applying one of six different visual styles. Pull down on the page to cycle through the different styles. When you find your favorite, tap the display to save it to your device and then share away.
Next, we have Selfissimo! for Android and iOS. As its name cleverly suggests, this one is geared toward selfie addicts, and eliminates that awkwardness you experience when trying to reach for the shutter button with your arm extended. Described by Kauffman as “an automated selfie photographer,” Selfissimo! takes a black-and-white shot whenever you stop moving. So you can pose and shoot, pose and shoot, and so on till you're well and truly selfied out. Then all you need to do is review the resulting contact sheet and select the images you'd like to save.
Last up is Scrubbies (iOS only), which lets you scratch your video like a DJ. In other words, Scrubbies lets you manipulate the speed and direction of video playback to create visual loops of selected moments. “Scrubbing with one finger plays the video. Scrubbing with two fingers captures the playback so you can save or share it,” Google interaction researcher Alex Kauffmann explained in a post.
Offering some thinking behind the appsperiments initiative, Kauffmann said that while current smartphone cameras are relatively straightforward in their processing methods, “the next generation of cameras … will have the capability to blend hardware and computer vision algorithms that operate as well on an image's semantic content, enabling radically new creative mobile photo and video applications.”
The researcher added that Google's three new test apps “rely on object recognition, person segmentation, stylization algorithms, efficient image encoding and decoding technologies, and perhaps most importantly, fun!”
If you care to take any of the appsperimental apps for a spin, Google would love it if you offered feedback via the in-app links, which could go toward influencing the kind of technology the research team develop next.
Air France said it expected to operate almost 75% of its flights on April 24 as strikes over pay continue.
The carrier said 70% of long-haul flights should go ahead, as well as 65% of medium-haul flights to and from Paris Charles de Gaulle and 80% of short-haul flights.
That estimate is based on 27.2% of pilots, 19.9% of cabin crew and 15.6% of ground crew taking part in the strikes.
On April 23, also a strike day, flights were operating as expected, according to the carrier, which had predicted 65% of long-haul flights, 65% of medium-haul flights to and from Charles de Gaulle and 80% of short-haul flights would operate.
Last week, Air France-KLM CEO Jean-Marc Janaillac launched a company-wide consultation with Air France staff, putting his own job on the line in a bid to put an end to the strikes after unions rejected the carrier's latest offer of a multi-year “growth pact” pay proposal, which promised a 7% wage increase over four years. It also included individual increases, which included scope to adjust that if Air France's financial result was less than €200 million ($246 million) and to apply a reversion clause in case of higher inflation or a negative financial result.
The electronic vote on the offer will be open from April 26 to early May, and Janaillac has declared himself “personally accountable for the consequences of the vote.”
Unions have called for more walkouts in early May and the company said the strikes so far have cost an estimated €220 million ($270 million).
Helen Massy-Beresford, helen.massy-beresford@aviationweek.co.uk
This past Friday night, kids from the Parkland Pokers, a baseball team from south Florida, visited the New York Yankees in Tampa. As some of you might remember, I visited the high school where the tragic shootings occurred a few weeks ago. To say that what I witnessed was extremely sad is an understatement. To see the tears of family and friends and people of that community was one of the saddest times that I have ever gone thru. I was not there as the Yankees community consultant, but as the father of four children who cares about all children. I was there because I work for an organization and an owner that was always there for all of the children.
When Howard Grosswirth, the Yankees VP of Marketing in Tampa, told me that the kids from Parkland were coming, I was not surprised because Howard, like so many others in the organization, is a great dad and has always gone out of his way for all kids in need. I have to commend him for his efforts with these kids. Not only did he get them on the field, but he also had Aaron Judge come over to spend quality time with them. Judge took pictures, signed balls caps and naturally took selfies with the kids. Aaron Boone, who has been nothing short of sensational with all kids this spring, did it again. He was very gracious and understanding of these kids plight. Naturally, the former Yankees captain and great second baseman Willie Randolph came over and was to the kids how he has always been to all kids …..wonderful, I guess that's why Thurman Munson called him Willie Wonder!
The final surprise for these kids was when CC Sabathia came over and just like in his book “CC Clause” he really knew how to cheer the kids up and make them laugh. Howard gave all of the kids a Yankee duffel bag filled with lots of goodies.
I asked Ryan Mockenhaupt, one of the students who are considered a team leader, what was the best part of the day and he said that being able to smile and laugh and feel safe surrounded by the Yankees made it one of the best days of his life. Andrew Sarro, Michael Cacace, Nick Solomon and Josh Espinosa said at different times of the day that it's just nice to have a day that they don't have to think about the tragedy that happened at home in Parkland. One of the kids, maybe Ryan said, “I will always be a Yankee fan because they didn't forget us at this crucial time and I love baseball more now because of this.”
I need to truly compliment all of the coaches from the Parkland baseball organization for understanding the minds of these kids at a horrible time like this. I hope that they understand that with their actions in wanting to give these kids this great day after such a tragedy, they may have saved a life (lives) in the long run.
Howard Grosswirth, what can I say? I know that you get it because of the many deep talks we have had about our own kids.
New York Yankees, you have gotten it since the days of Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig–Thank you.
Robert J. Spencer, 78
LEESBURG, Fla. (March 19, 2018) – Robert John “Bob” Spencer, 78, of Leesburg, Fla., passed away Tuesday, March 13, 2018, in Ocala, Fla.
He was born May 3, 1939, in Harvel to Avery and Louise Spencer. He married Mary Jane Priddle on May 21, 1960, in Carlinville, where they adopted two children, David and Monica.
The family moved to Winter Garden, Fla., in 1978. Mr. Spencer was a loving husband, father and active member of his community. He served as a Boy Scout leader in Winter Garden and was a past Grand Knight and a Fourth Degree Honor Guard for the Knights of Columbus.
Surviving are his son, David Allen Spencer of Fort McCoy, Fla.; daughter, Monica (Eric) Spencer Ramos of Rego Park, N.Y.; and sisters, Audrey Costello of Carlinville and Norma Daugherty of Springfield.
He was preceded in death by his parents; wife; and sister, Martha Nimke.
Funeral services will be held Wednesday, March 21, at St. Nicholas Church in Orlando, Fla.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - The Latest on the NFL Honors (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Aaron Donald is the first pure defensive tackle to win The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999.
Often the province of outside pass rushers and backs, the Los Angeles Rams star broke the trend by earning 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous DT to win the award. Others have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defense didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at his position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
End Calais Campbell, in his first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Anker's Soundcore gets new name, more bass, and wireless headphones
Anker Innovations' Soundcore brand has been renamed Soundcore by Anker, with the audio brand adding brand new sweat-proofing technology, bass enhancement, and more than a dozen new wireless headphones and speakers to choose from.
The post Anker's Soundcore gets new name, more bass, and wireless headphones appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ROCHESTER, N.Y. — Andreas Johnsson scored and added two assists as the Toronto Marlies doubled the Rochester Americans 4-2 on Friday in American Hockey League play.
Miro Aaltonen and Vincent LoVerde had back-to-back goals in the third period as the Marlies (33-11-1), the AHL affiliate of the Toronto Maple Leafs, broke a 2-2 deadlock. Richard Clune also scored for Toronto, while Garret Sparks made 26 saves for the win.
Arvin Atwal and Brian Gionta replied for Rochester (25-11-10). Linus Ullmark stopped 27 shots in net.
Neither team scored on the power play. The Marlies went 0 for 2 and the Americans were 0 for 3.
Toronto is on a 12-game point streak with 11 wins and one shootout loss.
Has it really been 25 years since we had to say goodbye to Norm, Cliff and Woody?
Has it been 25 years since Sam Malone closed down the Cheers bar for the final time and one of the most popular TV shows of all time went to rerun heaven?
Believe it or not, yes.
May 20 marked the 25th anniversary of the final episode of “Cheers,” arguably the most popular sitcom of the 1980s and a show ranked No. 18 on TV Guide's list of The Greatest TV Shows of All-Time.
The final show brought in 93.5 million viewers and was the most-watched single episode of any television series on U.S. television in the 1990s.
Despite ending a quarter-century ago, the show is still syndicated and is also on Netflix, giving fans a chance to go back into the world of that bar where “everybody knows your name.”
So what are the cast members up to these days?
Let's check in and find out.
Ted Danson
Character: Sam Malone. The owner of the bar (for all but three seasons), a bartender despite being a recovering alcoholic and a former Major League pitcher for the Boston Red Sox who was famous for being a ladies man. The lead star of the show and an original cast member, it was Danson's announcement that the 1992-93 season would be his last on the show that led to it ending for good. The rest of the cast wanted to continue on and the public still loved the show, but Danson simply wanted to move on to something different and producers felt the show couldn't go on without him.
After Cheers/present: Danson continued to be a prominent actor, starring in shows such as “Becker,” “Damages” and “Crime Scene Investigation” among others. Now 70, Danson currently stars in the NBC television series “The Good Place.”
George Wendt
Character: Norm Peterson. Was an obese, beer-guzzling patron who sat on a corner stool, had a high bar tab, was always on the lookout for a job and constantly tried to avoid his wife, who never made an appearance on the show.
After Cheers/present: Now 69, Wendt played minor roles in a variety of TV shows and acted on stage in the past 25 years, but obviously could never duplicate the niche he found playing Norm Peterson.
Rhea Perlman
Character: Carla Tortelli. The sassy waitress was always one to rip on others with jokes, talk about her sex drive and bemoan about what troublemakers her kids were. But she was always loyal to the bar and to Sam as a boss.
After Cheers/present: Now 70, Perlman, who was married to Danny DeVito for 35 years before separating last year, is like Wendt in that she has played minor roles in various television shows and films. But just like Wendt, it was nearly impossible to top her role as Carla on "Cheers," which saw her win four Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress.
Shelly Long
Character: Diane Chambers. Was an intellectual college student who took a job at Cheers after her fiancé dumped her there while they hung out at the bar before they flew to Barbados for the wedding. (The fiancé went back to his ex-wife). Chambers was an “I am woman hear me roar” type who somehow connected with womanizer Sam Malone despite their obvious personality differences. Their on-again, off-again relationship was supposed to end in marriage until Diane left Sam to pursue a writing career. Diane also left Frasier Crane at the altar when the two were supposed to wed in Europe.
After Cheers/present: An original cast member who won an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role on the show, one of the most talked about subjects surrounding "Cheers" is whether the now 68-year-old Long made the right career move when she decided to leave the show after five seasons. She cited a desire to spend more time with family and pursue a film career, but she had modest success while "Cheers" became legendary.
John Ratzenberger
Character: Cliff Clavin. Was a geeky postal worker who seemingly knew everything about every subject in life, Clavin was both hysterical and annoying with his knowledge about the most minute of things. While appearing on an episode of “Jeopardy,” Clavin won $22,000 before losing it all in Final Jeopardy after blowing a question and foolishly betting all his money.
After Cheers/present: Cliff Clavin is a character that will never be duplicated, so the 71-year-old Ratzenberger will always be known for that. But he has enjoyed success as a voiceover in movies such as “Monsters University” “Finding Dory” and “Cars 3.”
Kirstie Alley
Character: Rebecca Howe. Was a gold-digging woman who longed to marry someone rich, but ultimately married a plumber when the show ended. Howe ran the bar after Sam Malone sold it to a corporation. After Malone bought it back for 85 cents by snitching on Howe's rich fiance, Robin Colcord, who was using Howe to get insider secrets on the company that owned the bar, Howe stayed on as a bar manager working for Malone.
After Cheers/present: Alley initially found success after "Cheers," receiving Emmy and Golden Globe nominations for her role as Veronica Chase on the sitcom “Veronica's Closet.”
In 2011, Alley (who is now 67) was a contestant on “Dancing with the Stars,” but she hasn't been seen much in the acting world since.
Kelsey Grammer
Character: Frasier Crane. Was the articulate, well-educated psychiatrist who showed that even the most sophisticated of people need to sometimes unwind with a drink or two, and he blended in well with the less-educated characters at the bar such as Norm and Cliff.
After Cheers/present: Frasier Crane stayed in the American television spotlight for 12 more years after "Cheers" ended, since the character was the focal point of the "Cheers" spinoff “Frasier.” This time though, Crane was a radio talk show host in Seattle who moved from Boston and hung out with his brother and father instead of the folks at Cheers. After Frasier ended in 2004, the now 63-year-old Grammer shifted into producing various TV shows, including “Boss” and “Partners.”
Woody Harrelson
Character: Woody Boyd. Joined the cast following the real-life death of original cast member Nicholas Colasanto, who played bartender Coach, Boyd was hired as the new bartender. He was a gullible and off-center figure who often failed to understand the most basic situations and jokes. But he was sweet and polite to the bone, calling everyone at the bar “Mr.” or “Ms.”
After Cheers/present: In the later years of "Cheers," Harrelson became quite a movie star, gaining fame for roles in “White Men Can't Jump,” “Indecent Proposal,” “Kingpin,” and “The Hunger Games,” among many others. The 56-year-old also plays a role in the upcoming movie “Solo: A Star Wars Story.”
All images courtesy of Getty Images
Graham Media Group 2018
Reinventing the wheel is generally considered a bad idea. But engineers at NASA's Glenn Research Center in Cleveland are doing just that — designing an entirely new wheel that will give upcoming Mars rovers the ability to drive long distances on the Red Planet without sustaining damage.
The wheel, made of an ultra-flexible metal mesh, is designed to deform as it rolls over sharp rocks and other irregular features on the Martian surface — and then snap back to its original shape.
NASA hopes the wheel will be more durable than the wheels on NASA's Curiosity rover. Selfies snapped by Curiosity in 2013 showed that the treads on the rover's aluminum wheels had sustained significant damage after only about a year on Mars.
The idea of a chain mail-like tire isn't new. In 2009, NASA worked with Goodyear to create a wheel made of mesh woven from hundreds of coiled steel wires. The Spring Tire, as the wheel was dubbed, provided good traction and durability on soft sands and rock. But there was a problem: In tests at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, California, the steel wire mesh dented as it rolled over a simulated Martian landscape.
About five years ago, researchers at NASA Glenn decided to create a mesh wheel made not of steel but of nickel-titanium, a so-called “shape memory alloy.” Such alloys “remember” their original shape and spring back immediately after deforming, meaning they retain their original shape and performance.
“This particular material doesn't deform like conventional materials,” Santo Padula, a materials scientist at NASA Glenn, said in a video released by the agency. “We can actually deform this all the way down to the axle and have it return to shape, which we could never even contemplate in a conventional metal system."
The chain mail wheel performed “impressively” in experiments conducted at JPL's Mars Life Test Facility, NASA said. The wheels are not earmarked for a specific mission but could be used on future expeditions like the proposed Mars Sample Return mission, which could launch in the mid-2020s.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon on Monday strongly condemned North Korea's latest missile test, adding that the United States' commitment to protect the homeland and allies such as Japan and South Korea was "ironclad."
Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters that North Korea's "unlawful weapons programs" were a clear and grave threat to national security.
"We are capable of defending against a North Korean ballistic missile attack and will take all necessary measures to deter and defeat threats to our and our allies' territories and citizens," Davis added.
North Korea said it had successfully test-fired a new type of medium- to long-range ballistic missile on Sunday, claiming advances in a weapons program it is pursuing in violation of U.N. resolutions.
The missile was propelled by a solid-fuel engine and was an upgraded, extended-range version of its submarine-launched ballistic missile that was tested successfully last August, according to North Korea's government-run KCNA news agency.
Davis said it appeared that the missile was an intermediate-range ballistic missile, the land-based variant of what North Korea has launched from submarines in the past.
He added that it appeared to be propelled by solid fuel and fired from a mobile launcher.
"This is one of the concerns we've had, as they have developed their capability in the missiles themselves, they have also given them a road mobile capability. Road mobile allows it to hide, to evade detection and to be able to launch with little notice," Davis said.
On Monday, President Donald Trump said he would deal with North Korea "very strongly," but did not give any details.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Sandra Maler)
On to the post-season The women's rugby team's undefeated bid falls short at the hands' of the Guelph Gryphons in the regular season finale
By: Andrew Sarkis
The McMaster women's rugby season came to an end on Sept. 29, losing to the division-leading Guelph Gryphons. In a head-to-head matchup between the number one and two ranked teams in the Shiels Division, the Gryphons came out on top, outscoring the Marauders 35-19 at Ron Joyce Stadium and putting the women's team's undefeated bid to a halt.
A year removed from finishing with a perfect record, it was not how the women's team envisioned ending the season, but nevertheless, the Marauders capped off a successful four-game stint.
McMaster players Khadijah Brouillete, Maddie Cohoon and Britni French each had tries for the Marauders and kickstarted the offensive push, leading their team into the halftime break down 14-7. The game started to pick up, as both Cohoon and French intercepted Guelph passes, breaking away to score during the later parts of the game, although Guelph held a 28-19 lead and controlled play until the conclusion of the game.
The Marauders' chance at a perfect season was diminished largely in part due to Guelph's third-year fly half Julia Schell, who scored 15 points on the night. Schell scored one try and added five conversions, with her most important try coming at the later stages of the game, sealing the win for the Gryphons and leading them past the Marauders by a 16-point margin. Guelph finished the season undefeated, and made a statement on the Shiels Division, claiming the top seed.
Centre Britni French says she does not think much went wrong for the Marauders, mentioning the game against Guelph as being a tough and fair matchup.
“I don't think anything went particularly wrong,” said French. “I think we had a great game… I don't think they're any better of a team than we are. It was a tough match up and we had a tough game against Queen's the weekend before. Some people were pretty banged up… none of us are unhappy with the way that we played.”
The women's team enjoyed a successful season due in part to many players evenly contributing to the team's prolific offence. Over the course of their four games, the Marauders totalled 121 points and outscored their opponents in winning games by an average margin of 17 points.
“I think we play a very dynamic style of play. In rugby, a lot of teams tend to lean towards a typical punch it up forward, dominant game,” French said. “But I think we have a nice mix between using our forwards in an appropriate manner to punch the line, or using them out wide because of their great passing skills. We have some pretty speedy girls on the outside on the wing, so they've been super beneficial this year.”
A main factor, and large part of the team's success, was eight-man Sara Svoboda, who led the charge offensively for the team over the year, finishing second in Ontario University Athletics scoring with four tries and 11 conversions on the season.
French says the team does not rely on any individual to carry the burden, though, citing overall teamwork as a key to their success.
“I wouldn't say one individual stands out more than others,” French said. “Obviously, people put in a lot of work. I think in rugby, it's such a team sport that I wouldn't say our team is successful because of one or two people. I think it's because everyone does their job and is doing it properly on the field.”
With the season now in the rear-view mirror, the Marauders are sitting comfortably as the second seed in the Shiels Division and are now shifting their focus towards the upcoming post-season.
As per the OUA playoff competitive structure, McMaster will have a bye through the quarterfinals as a benefit of finishing amongst the top two seeds in their division.
A total of six teams, the top four seeds in the Shiels Division and top two seeds in the Russell Division will qualify for the post-season. As two teams will be receiving a bye through to the semi-finals, only two quarter-final matches will be played, slated for Oct. 7. The semi-finals will be played on Oct. 14 with the ultimate champion of the OUA being crowned on Oct. 21.
The Guelph Gryphons and Brock Badgers pose interesting challenges to the Marauders. The Badgers present their own set of challenges and have yet to face off against the Mac women.
In the Russell Division, the Badgers have dominated games, finishing the season undefeated and outscoring their opponents by an astounding margin of 352-24. Their star player, rookie fly back Meagan Hart, concluded the season atop the OUA scoring with one try and 23 conversions. Brock will be matched up in the quarter-finals against the York Lions, with their eyes set on facing Guelph in the next round.
Though intensity is sure to pick up during the post-season, the team's preparation will not be much different than to that of the regular season.
“We'll look at a little more film to prepare for the most part,” French said. “I think we'll focus more on ourselves and look at the few areas of the game we haven't had a chance to focus on yet in practice.”
Looking to avenge their previous season's second place post-season finish against Guelph, it is safe to say the Marauders will be highly motivated for their upcoming game. Led by a top scorer in Sara Svoboda and surrounded by a team hungry for success, it will be quite a telling tale to see just how far this team can go.
Time will tell as to who the Marauders' semi-final opponent will be on Oct. 14, as they will await the results of the quarter-final matchup between the Laurier Golden Hawks and Queen's Gaels. Either way, Mac is well-poised to end off their high-flying 2017 season with a strong playoff run.
Comments
Fashola tasks quantity surveyors' board on cost data bank
The Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Fashola, has urged the reconstituted Quantity Surveyors Registration Board of Nigeria (QSRBN) to develop a cost data bank to support the formation of estimates that would serve as a reference material for stakeholders in the construction industry.
Fashola, at the ministry's headquarters in Abuja, urged the professionals to develop a range of costs for the different ecological zones of the country as well as evolve means of making the practice of quantity surveying simple enough and responsive to the man on the street.
Emphasising the importance of Quantity Surveyors in the economic growth of the country, Fashola declared: “These are people whose core professional mandate is really ensuring that clients get value for money on all building construction projects.”
He challenged the members of the board “to develop a very open and possibly nationwide cost data bank that will be used in different parts of the country, so that at least in water lodged environment, for example, we can know what is the minimum cost of materials required to complete a project as against what would be required on normal land.”
Congratulating the chairman and members of the reconstituted board, Fashola who noted with pleasure the broad mix of experience and value that were brought to the board, said: “This board has, among many other roles, the responsibility for registering persons who are fit and qualified to serve and practise as Quantity Surveyors and also the responsibility to regulate the standard and the knowledge and the general practice of the profession in our country.”
He said the current crop of professional Quantity Surveyors have a duty to bridge the gap between town and gown to ensure that young Nigerians studying to become professionals are put on the right trajectory.
President of the Board, Malam Murtala Aliyu, thanked the minister and the Federal Government for the opportunity and privilege given the members to serve, adding that the members of the profession were in a fit position to contribute to the economic growth of the country.
He expressed satisfaction that the board has been captured in this year's budget and pledged that with the collaboration of the Ministry of Power, Works and Housing, it would carry out its job effectively.
Aliyu said the QSRBN was already working hand in hand with the Nigerian Institute of Quantity Surveyors (NIQS) on a cost database that will be used across the country.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chelsea announce John Terry exit
Everybody at Stamford Bridge would like to express our enormous gratitude to John and wish him the very best of luck for the future. pic.twitter.com/Yo9NrXNBMs — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) April 17, 2017
Chelsea have confirmed that long-serving captain John Terry will leave the club at the end of the season.
The centre-back, aged 36, is out of contract this summer and will not be offered a new deal.
His departure on a free transfer will bring his 22-year association with the Blues to an end. He joined the club's youth ranks from West Ham United in 1995.
He made his first-team debut in 1998 and has since clocked up 713 appearances for the Blues. He has spent his entire professional career to date at Stamford Bridge, with the exception of a loan spell at Nottingham Forest in 1999/2000.
Terry looked set to – and indeed announced that he would – leave Chelsea at the end of last season. He was ultimately offered the reprieve of a 12-month extension.
But he has been restricted to just five Premier League appearances under Antonio Conte this term.
Terry has won four Premier League titles, five FA Cups, three League Cups, a Champions League and a Europa League with Chelsea.
Oregano, lemon, garlic, glugs of olive oil … these are just a few of the ingredients that make Greek food so appealing. They match up well with all sorts of other hero ingredients, from potatoes to chicken to seafood.
In this recipe, chicken gets a nice soak in a Greek marinade with all of those delicious flavours and then is simply roasted in the oven. You can use that time to putter around making a salad, and trying to get someone else to set the table.
Try serving them up with some simply cooked millet or orzo, and a very lightly dressed baby greens salad.
Boneless chicken breasts with the skin left on have a few really good things going for them. One, the skin keeps the chicken moist as it cooks. Two, the skin crisps up in the hot oven, and I know of few chicken-liking people who don't covet the crispy skin. Three, the absence of the bone allows the chicken to cook more quickly than bone-in chicken.
Boneless chicken breasts with the skin are not always easy to find pre-packaged in the supermarket, but you can ask the butcher to cut the bones out for you. You can also, of course do it yourself with a steady hand and a very sharp knife, but feel no shame if this isn't within your comfort zone. Boneless, skinless chicken breasts are also just fine, and if you want to use bone-in chicken breasts, just add another 15 to 20 minutes of cooking time.
You could serve these with some wedges of lemon in case people want one last hit of fresh, tart citrus.
——
GREEK ROASTED CHICKEN BREASTS
Serves 4
Start to finish: 30 minutes plus marinating time
——
1/4 cup olive oil
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
2 teaspoons dried oregano
2 teaspoons kosher or coarse salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
4 boneless skin-on chicken breasts (6 to 8 ounces each)
Lemon wedges to serve
In a large bowl, container or sturdy zipper-top bag, combine the olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, vinegar, oregano, salt and pepper. Stir or shake to combine thoroughly. Add the chicken, turn it to coat well, and then cover or seal and refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours (or even up to 2 days).
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Remove the chicken from the marinade and place on the baking sheet skin side up. Roast for about 25 minutes until cooked though. Serve hot, warm or cold, with lemon wedges if desired.
——
Nutrition information per serving: 221 calories; 103 calories from fat; 12 g fat (2 g saturated; 0 g trans fats); 86 mg cholesterol; 654 mg sodium; 1 g carbohydrate; 0 g fiber; 0 g sugar; 27 g protein.
——
Katie Workman has written two cookbooks focused on easy, family-friendly cooking, “Dinner Solved!” and “The Mom 100 Cookbook.” She blogs at http://www.themom100.com/about-katie-workman. She can be reached at Katie@themom100.com.
MANCHESTER, N.H. — President Donald Trump's first visit to New Hampshire as president was soaked in nostalgia for his first campaign — and punctuated with subtle nods to his next one in 2020.
Some Republicans wish he would keep his focus on the election around the corner.
As the GOP faces tremendous challenges in November's midterm elections, Trump and his allies trained their focus this week on the 2020 presidential primary's premier states. The president has also added new staff to his re-election campaign and struggled at times to share the spotlight with congressional candidates who need his help.
Trump's attention to his own political future irked some party loyalists who are furiously preparing for midterm elections this fall, which will decide the House and Senate majorities.
“There is a sense that he should make the congressional campaign committees a bigger priority than his own campaign committee,” said Republican strategist Alex Conant.
The early-state focus featured Trump talking opioids Monday in New Hampshire, first daughter Ivanka Trump on the same day promising action on education and infrastructure in Iowa, and Vice-President Mike Pence raising money for New Hampshire Republicans on Thursday.
The president took the stage in New Hampshire's largest city to unveil his plan to battle the nation's opioid crisis. But first, the Republican president mused about early campaign stops in the state that fueled his rise to the presidency a few years earlier.
“It's great to be back here in the great state of New Hampshire,” said Trump, who recalled the hall at Manchester Community College as the site of one of his first events in the state. “This is the room, right here, so I like this room. This has been a good room.”
On its face, the event was focused far more on policy than politics. Yet White House officials acknowledged that any visit to New Hampshire was, by nature, politically strategic. They felt it was time for Trump to revisit a battleground state that would carry great import in the 2020 general election and to guard against any possible Republican primary challenger.
One White House official said that Trump's travel schedule is determined in large part by a desire to repay those who supported him politically in the past. The official was not authorized to publicly discuss the White House's private political motivations and requested anonymity.
Trump hosted his first campaign rally a month after taking office. His re-election campaign aired its first television ad three months later. He held his first 2020 fundraiser the month after that. And earlier this month, he named a re-election campaign manager.
“A lot of people wish the midterms were his singular focus and he wouldn't worry about his re-election right now,” Conant said.
Trump hasn't ignored the party's midterm efforts, however.
The president helped generate record fundraising totals for the Republican National Committee. He hosted a fundraiser for Missouri's Republican Senate candidate last week and he's set to host another for the House GOP campaign committee this week.
Trump also campaigned for Pennsylvania Republican Rick Saconne ahead of last week's special congressional election, although the president said little about the GOP candidate during the appearance.
The early state focus comes as Trump eyes an uncertain political future.
Up against the prospect of a GOP electoral disaster this fall — and a special counsel's investigation — Democrats and even some Republicans are already preparing to challenge him in 2020. Just three days before Trump's visit, Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona earned a standing ovation after telling New Hampshire voters that he might launch a primary challenge against the president.
“A brush fire for the White House could turn into a full-on wild fire if they're not careful,” said Matt Moore, who previously led the state GOP in South Carolina, which traditionally hosts the third presidential primary contest after Iowa and New Hampshire.
“Particularly in the early primary states, activists can easily feel jilted if they don't feel the love from the White House. This White House is smart to begin its outreach early,” Moore said.
A sitting president hasn't lost a primary election in modern history. But even if Trump sails through the 2020 primary, he is expected to face stiff competition from the Democratic nominee later that year in both New Hampshire and Iowa, which are considered general election battlegrounds.
Trump came in second place in Iowa's presidential caucus in 2016. His first primary contest victory didn't come until a week later in New Hampshire. While he lost narrowly the Granite State in the general election, Trump's inner circle has always reminisced fondly about New Hampshire, believing that it wasn't until he won there that they felt like he had a shot at capturing the presidential nomination.
From the stage in Manchester, Trump made no mention of his re-election bid, save a passing reference to serving “seven more years” in office. Yet politics permeated the event. More than 100 protesters stood outside in sub-freezing temperatures to jeer the president's motorcade.
Republican strategist Rick Tyler called Trump's early state focus “premature and unconventional.”
“But that doesn't matter to him,” Tyler said. “The bigger question the Republican Party has to answer is how do they make Trump an asset in 2018? The answer is I don't know.”
——
Peoples reported from New York. Associated Press writer Zeke Miller in Washington contributed to this report.
CANBERRA, Australia — The Australian government on Wednesday launched an urgent investigation into the loss of thousands of classified documents that were sold with two second-hand filing cabinets and later obtained by a major news outlet.
The cabinets were sold by a Canberra furniture shop at a discount price because they were locked and no one could find keys, the Australian Broadcasting Corp. reported.
The ABC has not identified the buyer who they said purchased the cabinets for small change and left them unopened for months, before removing the locks with a drill only to find thousands of Cabinet documents spanning more than a decade and four prime ministers, the most recent being Tony Abbott. Abbott was replaced in 2015 by the current Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Dean Lewins / EPA file
The ABC has not said when the documents were found. But it has used them in recent weeks to report stories that have been embarrassing to the former administrations of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Abbott as well as a number of serving lawmakers.
The ABC reported nearly all the documents are classified. The classifications include "top secret," "sensitive," and ''Australian eyes only."
The state-owned broadcaster said it had chosen not to report some documents on national security grounds.
The documents cover Australia's intelligence priorities and counterterrorism planning. They detail missile upgrades, profiles of suspected militants and Australia's desire in 2010 for more Indonesian cooperation to stop asylum-seekers reaching Australian shores in fishing boats, the ABC said.
One document refers to an audit that revealed that the Australian Federal Police had lost almost 400 national security files over five years ending 2013.
The documents also reveal that a former finance minister left 195 top-secret papers in her old office when her government was voted out in 2013.
Australian Cabinet documents are usually kept secret for 20 years, before they are made public in a heavily redacted form.
Rory Medcalf, head of the Australian National University's National Security College, described the discarded documents as "very weird and embarrassing" from a national security and political perspective.
Australia's allies, including the United States, "would be concerned," Metcalf said.
The Ugly Truth for Liberals: Gun Control Will Not Stop Mass Shootings
Liberals believe in never letting a crisis go to waste; so before the blood cools on the ground after a mass shooting, we always have some variation of the following conversation:
Liberals: WE MUST ACT!
Conservatives: What do you want to do?
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
Liberals: A bunch of things that will hurt law-abiding gun owners, but won't fix the problem!
Conservatives: No, thanks.
Liberals: WHY WON'T YOU ACT?!?!?
Every time some terrorist, wacko or radical kills people, liberals always want to take guns away from the people who didn't do it. Their unconstitutional goal is complete gun confiscation, something which would likely lead to mass violence against the people carrying it out along with the prominent people and government officials advocating it. The Founding Fathers understood that if the American people were ever disarmed, it would only be a matter of time until the guns of a fascistic government were pointed at the people. So wise Americans understand that an attempt at widespread gun confiscation in the United States may very well lead to large numbers of freedom loving civilians, cops and military members taking up arms to insure that we continue to live in a Constitutional Republic. Liberals would do well not to forget that.
You can read it all here.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Minnesota Twins have placed outfielder Byron Buxton on the 10-day disabled list with a left big toe fracture.
The Twins announced the move before Wednesday night's game against the Kansas City Royals.
Buxton has played in 28 games this season, hitting .156 (14-for-90) with four doubles, four RBIs and five stolen bases.
To replace Buxton on the 25-man roster, the Twins recalled right-handed pitcher Aaron Slegers from Triple-A Rochester. Slegers made nine starts for the Red Wings, going 5-2 with a 3.27 ERA, eight walks and 31 strikeouts. The 2017 Twins minor league pitcher of the year was recalled by the Twins earlier this season, but did not appear in a game.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has called for the arrest and surrender of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, who was released by a militia in Libya last week after six years in jail.
The son of late leader Col Muammar Gaddafi is wanted for alleged crimes against humanity during the rebellion that ousted his father in 2011.
His location is unclear. The UN-backed government has condemned the release.
It is feared that the move could fuel further instability in the country.
Saif al-Islam was freed from jail last Friday by the Abu Bakr al-Siddiq Battalion militia in the western town of Zintan under an amnesty law.
He has not been seen in public since then. A source told the BBC he was in the Tobruk area of eastern Libya.
Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda, of the Hague-based ICC, said her office was still trying to verify the release, and called on Libya and other states to arrest and surrender him.
“Libya is obliged to immediately arrest and surrender Mr Gaddafi to the ICC, regardless of any purported amnesty law in Libya,” she said in a statement.
The Abu Bakr al-Siddiq Battalion said it was acting on a request from the “interim government” based in the east of the country.
However, Saif al-Islam has been sentenced to death in absentia by a court in Tripoli, in the west of the country, where control is in the hands of the rival, UN-backed Government of National Accord.
The 44-year-old Saif al-Islam was captured in November 2011 after three months on the run following the end of Muammar Gaddafi's decades-long rule.
He was known for playing a key role in building relations with the West after 2000.
But after the 2011 uprising, he found himself accused of incitement to violence and murdering protesters.
Four years later, he was sentenced to death by firing squad following a trial involving 30 of Gaddafi's close associates. BBC News
Saif al-Islam: Heir to prisoner
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) Hall of Fame Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski is stepping away from the team to have lower back surgery.
The school announced Monday that the procedure is scheduled for Friday, with an anticipated recovery time of four weeks. Associate head coach Jeff Capel will take over in Krzyzewski's absence, starting with a home game Wednesday night against Boston College.
Krzyzewski will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed. The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery.
The winningest men's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace his left knee, repair his left ankle and fix a hernia.
Capel previously took over for Krzyzewski when he missed the trip to Georgia Tech last February because of dehydration and high blood pressure.
—
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-Top25
OMNISPORT
Rafael Nadal will return to world number one for the first time in over two years after Roger Federer pulled out of the Western and Southern Open with a back injury.
Federer was beaten by Alexander Zverev in the final of the Rogers Cup on Sunday, his limited mobility leading to concerns over his fitness ahead of the US Open.
The Swiss, who has already triumphed at the Australian Open and Wimbledon this year, reported only "aches and pains" after the tournament.
But the 19-time grand slam champion's condition is bad enough for him to pull out of a competition he was won seven times.
With Federer claiming no ranking points from the tournament in Cincinnati and Andy Murray, who will also miss out as he recovers from the hip problem that derailed his Wimbledon bid, losing the points he earned by reaching the final in 2016, Nadal will ascend to world number one.
The Spaniard, who won the French Open for a 10th time this year having been beaten by Federer in the final in Melbourne, was last at the top of the rankings the week of June 23, 2014.
WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. — Police say an 81-year-old Pennsylvania man who left a phone message threatening to blow up a school says he misdialed and was trying to return a threatening call he'd received from another number.
Online court records don't list an attorney for Lawrence Stabler, the Loyalsock Township man arrested Thursday night.
Police say Stabler left a message on the answering machine at the Donald E. Schick Elementary School threatening to “blow up” the building near Williamport earlier in the day.
Police say Stabler acknowledged making the call, but told them he was trying to call back another number from which he'd received threatening calls.
Stabler has been jailed in Lycoming County, after he was unable to immediately post $25,000 bond.
By KRISTEN WYATTAssociated Press
DENVER (AP) - Americans think it's safer to use marijuana than opioids to relieve pain, but they were less comfortable with children and pregnant women using pot to treat medical conditions, according to a new Yahoo/Marist poll released Monday.
Two-thirds of the respondents in the telephone survey said opioid drugs such as Vicodin or OxyContin are "riskier" to use than pot, even when the pain pills are prescribed by a doctor.
Only one in five said marijuana was riskier than opioids. The rest weren't sure.
Every day, an overdose of prescription opioids or heroin kills 91 people, and legions more are brought back from the brink of death. Some 2 million Americans are thought to be hooked on the pills.
Last month, President Donald J. Trump appointed an opioid commission to look into the problem.
Marijuana by itself is not fatal. Doctors technically don't prescribe it for pain or other purposes but most states that allow medical marijuana do require patients to get a doctor's written recommendation to purchase it to treat their conditions.
Among those answering the Yahoo/Marist poll, 83 percent said the drug should be legal nationally for medical treatment.
But 70 percent said it is not acceptable for pregnant women to use marijuana to reduce nausea or pain. And the survey respondents were about evenly divided on whether marijuana should be recommended for children if it were legal.
The survey respondents were deeply divided on how Trump should approach pot: 38 percent said he shouldn't be as tough about enforcing federal laws against recreational pot use as President Barack Obama, whose policy generally was to leave states alone.
Another 30 percent said Trump should take a harder line than Obama, while the rest weren't sure or said Trump should treat it about the same as Obama did.
Trump's administration has sent mixed messages to the 28 states and Washington, D.C., in violation of federal drug law when it comes to pot.
Trump said as a candidate that states should be allowed to tinker with marijuana laws. But new U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said marijuana is dangerous and marijuana changes by states should not be allowed.
There has been no action yet by the U.S. Justice Department or any other federal agencies to crack down on states violating the Controlled Substances Act, which bans pot for any use.
The Yahoo/Marist telephone poll of 1,122 adults was conducted last month and had a margin of error of plus or minus 2.9 percentage points.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(AP Photo/Seth Wenig). Michael Cohen arrives to court in New York, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Lawyers for President Donald Trump and Cohen, his personal attorney, appear again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about attorney ...
By LARRY NEUMEISTER and TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A New York judge set a June 15 deadline Wednesday for lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal lawyer to make attorney-client privilege claims over data seized in April raids, saying it was important not to delay the criminal investigation.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood said a special taint team of prosecutors will make determinations after that date.
Wood presided over a hearing at which a prosecutor revealed that the contents of a shredder and two Blackberry devices were all that remained to be turned over to a court-appointed special master screening evidence for attorney-client privilege. Also reviewing the materials are lawyers for Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, the president and the Trump Organization.
Cohen's lawyers asked to be allowed to review materials from the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and home until mid-July, but Wood said she had to balance their needs to protect their client with the need of prosecutors to pursue their criminal fraud case against Cohen.
Cohen attorney Todd Harrison said over a dozen lawyers had reviewed 1.3 million of over 3.7 million files received from the government, designating privilege as necessary.
Cohen did not speak during the court proceeding, which lasted more than an hour and featured a colorful argument between lawyers for Cohen and Trump on one side and California attorney Michael Avenatti on the other as they discussed Avenatti's public statements on behalf of his porn-star client, Stormy Daniels.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said she had sex once with Trump, in 2006. Trump denies it. Daniels was not in court Wednesday.
Stephen Ryan, an attorney for Cohen, argued that Avenatti had acted outrageously by publicly releasing banking information related to Cohen and by criticizing Cohen in dozens of television appearances.
Ryan said Avenatti "intended to cause harm to my client and he succeeded."
Avenatti said a journalist had contacted him recently, claiming to have a recorded conversation between Cohen and an attorney who represented Daniels when Cohen arranged to pay her $130,000 as part of the non-disclosure agreement. He accused Cohen's lawyers of leaking the audio. Ryan denied it, but said if his firm had released those audio tapes, "it would be the biggest story in America."
Ryan at one point seemed critical of what he called "a very strange thing going on" between prosecutors and Avenatti, who claimed he had a good working relationship with the government lawyers and that he knew the lawyers and the FBI had not leaked the audio.
Ryan also called Avenatti and prosecutors "strange bedfellows."
If Avenatti formally joined the court case, he would have to end his "publicity tour on TV and elsewhere" and stop asserting that Cohen is guilty of wrongdoing, actions that could "potentially deprive him of a fair trial," the judge told Avenatti.
After the hearing, Avenatti formally withdrew his request to appear in the case.
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege. She said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Jones said more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors, and more than 12,000 pages of documents from eight boxes that survived attorney-client privilege scrutiny already have been given back to prosecutors. More than a dozen electronic devices were seized or copied in the raids, and Jones said she has not yet received data from three seized items.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that he feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected. Trump also expressed those concerns on Twitter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp warned star Mohamed Salah to expect brutal treatment from former team Roma in the Champions League semi-finals.
PFA Player of the Year Salah will reunite with Roma when the Italians visit Anfield for the opening leg of the final-four tie on Tuesday.
"These are the very special moments."
Jürgen Klopp on @22mosalah's Roma reunion, a huge @ChampionsLeague night at Anfield and more: https://t.co/ZleXslNkY0 pic.twitter.com/MgJ06POYx0 — Liverpool FC (@LFC) April 23, 2018
The Egyptian sensation left Roma in the off-season and while he remains in contact with some of his team-mates, Klopp does not anticipate a friendly reception from the Serie A outfit.
"I am pretty sure Italian defenders are famous for not having friendly games so I think Mo will feel pretty early in the game they are not his team-mates anymore," Klopp said.
"But he can strike back in a football way. He knows that. I don't need to tell him. I didn't speak to him after his PFA award but I'll tell him what I want to tell him face to face.
"It's great: but the season is not finished and there are a lot of things to come."
Salah has scored 41 goals in all competitions this season, including 31 in the Premier League amid his stellar debut campaign on Merseyside.
JERUSALEM — The Latest on the fallout from the U.S. decision to declare Jerusalem Israel's capital (all times local):
8:45 p.m.
Israel's prime minister says the Palestinians must “come to grips” with Jerusalem being Israel's capital.
Benjamin Netanyahu says the sooner the Palestinians accept that, “the sooner we move towards peace.”
Netanyahu spoke Sunday in Paris at a press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron days after President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital, breaking with decades of American foreign policy. The move sparked criticism from U.S. allies in Europe, the Middle East and beyond, who said it was not helpful for peace.
Trump's declaration triggered clashes in east Jerusalem, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and protests in the Arab and Muslim world.
Macron expressed his disapproval of Trump's decision at Sunday's meeting.
The Palestinians claim east Jerusalem as capital of their hoped-for state.
——
8:05 p.m.
Israel's prime minister is backing President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital in the face of criticism from its ally France.
Benjamin Netanyahu is in Paris Sunday where he spoke alongside French President Emmanuel Macron.
Macron says he disapproves of Trump's move, echoing the criticism of many U.S. allies in Europe and beyond.
But Netanyahu says the recognition is “central for peace.” He says Jerusalem is the capital of Israel just as Paris is the capital of France.
“We respect your history and your choices,” Netanyahu told Macron, “And we know that as friends you respect ours.”
Trump's declaration upended decades of American foreign policy. Under a longstanding international consensus, the fate of contested Jerusalem is to be determined in final status peace negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians.
——
7:20 p.m.
A senior US. official is appealing to Middle East leaders to calm tensions in the region following the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, which has drawn criticism and sparked unrest across the region.
In a briefing with Arab journalists, Acting Assistant Secretary of State David Satterfield said Sunday that President Donald Trump's pronouncement last week was a “recognition of simple reality” and not meant to prejudge final-status negotiations about the city's final borders.
He said he hoped Arab and world leaders understand the U.S. remains committed to moving forward with a peace plan he expects to be unveiled in the new year. “”This is a question of choice: Do leaders choose to speak to their peoples, to their regions in terms that reflect reality or in terms that incite or inflame?” He said. “We hope it's the former.”
——
6:40 p.m.
French President Emmanuel Macron “firmly and clearly” condemns all kinds of attacks against Israel in recent hours and days, following a meeting in Paris with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Macron also reaffirmed his “disapproval” of U.S. President Donald Trump's move to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Macron said “what's new is that the United States unilaterally recognized something that is not complying with the international law.”
He appealed for calm in the Middle East and asked Netanyahu to make gestures toward the Palestinians to “give a chance” to peace. Macron said a gesture could be a settlement freeze.
The French president said he wants to wait for a potential U.S. “mediation” in coming weeks and months and would only support an initiative that would be acceptable by Israelis, Palestinians and other parties in the region.
——
3:10 p.m.
The Vatican says Pope Francis is praying so that “leaders of nations” commit themselves to work to “avert a new spiral of violence” over Jerusalem and is expressing “sorrow for the clashes in recent days that have produced victims.”
The U.S. administration's announcement recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital has triggered violence. In a statement Sunday the Holy See recalled Francis's appeal last week for “wisdom and prudence” to prevail and it reiterated its position asserting “the essential need for respecting the status quo” of Jerusalem.
The Vatican statement says only a negotiated solution between Israelis and Palestinians can achieve “stable and lasting peace and guarantee the peaceful co-existence of two states within internationally recognized borders.” It calls Jerusalem “a sacred city for Christians, Jews and Muslims from all over the world.”
——
3:05 p.m.
Israeli police say that a security guard has been stabbed near Jerusalem's central bus station.
Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld says the guard was seriously wounded Sunday and his attacker arrested. The Magen David Adom medical service says a 30-year-old male suffered a stabbing wound in his upper body.
The incident appeared to be the first attack since President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. The announcement set off protests and demonstration across the West Bank, east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip, and demonstrations around the world.
In more than two years of intermittent attacks, Palestinians have killed more than 50 Israelis, two visiting Americans and a British tourist in stabbings, shootings and car-ramming attacks. Israeli forces have killed more than 260 Palestinians in that time, mostly attackers
——
3 p.m.
Israeli police say that a security guard has been stabbed near Jerusalem's central bus station.
Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld says the guard was seriously wounded Sunday and his attacker arrested. The Magen David Adom medical service says a 30-year-old male suffered a stabbing wound in his upper body.
The incident appeared to be the first attack since President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. The announcement set off protests and demonstration across the West Bank, east Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip, and demonstrations around the world.
In more than two years of intermittent attacks, Palestinians have killed more than 50 Israelis, two visiting Americans and a British tourist in stabbings, shootings and car-ramming attacks. Israeli forces have killed more than 260 Palestinians in that time, mostly attackers.
——
2:45 p.m.
Turkey's president has escalated his vitriol over the U.S decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, calling Israel a “terror state.”
In a speech Sunday in central Turkey, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said, “Israel is a terror state.” He called Israeli forces “terrorists,” referring to a photograph of a blindfolded Palestinian youth being led away by more than a dozen soldiers in the West Bank.
“We won't leave Jerusalem to the mercy of a child-murdering country,” Erdoğan said, accusing Israel of having no values other than “occupation and plunder.”
Erdoğan said Turkey would continue its diplomatic efforts to reverse President Donald Trump's announcement, which he calls “null.”
——
1:15 p.m.
Lebanese security forces have broken up a protest outside the heavily-guarded U.S. Embassy after demonstrators pelted them with stones.
The protesters gathered early Sunday hundreds of meters (yards) outside the embassy to reject the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. After a rowdy start, the protest drew several hundred people and became more peaceful, with demonstrators chanting and singing.
The clashes resumed in the afternoon, with security forces chasing protesters, arresting a handful of them and lobbing tear gas canisters.
Lebanon is home to 450,000 Palestinian refugees, nearly 10 per cent of the population.
——
11:20 a.m.
Scores of Lebanese and Palestinian demonstrators have clashed with security forces outside the U.S. Embassy in Beirut over President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
The protesters gathered hundreds of meters (yards) away from the embassy on Sunday, where they burned an effigy of Trump, U.S. and Israeli flags, as well as piles of garbage, sending plumes of smoke into the air. As they hurled stones, security forces responded with tear gas and water cannons.
The U.S. decision has ignited protests across the Middle East, where it is widely seen as a blatantly pro-Israel move that threatens the decades-old peace process.
Lebanon is home to 450,000 Palestinian refugees, nearly 10 per cent of the population.
——
11:15 a.m.
Israel's prime minister says he is ready to defend President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital against its European critics.
Upon leaving on a diplomatic mission to Paris and Brussels late Saturday, Netanyahu said he “will present Israel's truth without fear and with head held high.”
Trump's announcement sparked protests across the region. It also triggered denunciations from around the world, even from close allies like France, that suggested he had needlessly stirred more conflict in an already volatile region.
An international consensus has long held that Jerusalem's final status should be determined through negotiations. Israel claims the entire city as its unified capital, while the Palestinians want east Jerusalem, captured by Israel in 1967, to be the capital of their future state.
——
9:40 a.m.
Israel's defence minister is calling for a boycott of Arab businesses where residents carried out violent protests against President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Avigdor Lieberman tells Israel's Army Radio Sunday that the Arabs of Wadi Ara in northern Israel are “not part of us” and Jewish Israelis should no longer visit their villages and buy their products. Hundreds of Israeli Arabs protested Saturday along a major highway. Dozens of masked rioters hurling stones at buses and police vehicles. Three Israeli were wounded and several vehicles were damaged.
The protests were part of a Palestinian “day of rage” following Trump's announcement that he planned to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem.
Lieberman has long called for Wadi Ara to be incorporated into a future Palestinian state.
Trump blasts Iran deals as ‘insane' and ‘ridiculous' as Macron looks on. https://t.co/nM8rFehkd7 pic.twitter.com/zZnOdLqAtm — KION News 5 46 (@KION546) April 24, 2018
Throughout the 2016 campaign and into his term, President Trump railed against the Iran deal that the U.S. signed along with several of its allies, threatening to withdraw from the deal while U.S. partners in the European Union declared their unwillingness to withdraw. However, the idea of supplementing the deal is gaining steam. During French President Emmanuel Macron's visit to the White House today, Trump once again criticized the deal, calling it “insane” and “ridiculous” while threatening Iran with “big problems” if it resumes its nuclear program:
“It was insane. Ridiculous. It should have never been made … going to have big problems, bigger than they've ever had before.”
Along with Trump's self-imposed deadline to strengthen the deal before Iran receives sanctions relief, President Macron said he would work on a supplementary deal that prevents long-term nuclear activity. Macron also said that Iran's ballistic missile activity must be discussed in future negotiations, yet Iran has also suggested that it will reboot their nuclear program in the absence of the current deal.
While Macron did not address many of the things that President Trump wants in a new Iran deal, Trump said that he thought an agreement between France and the U.S. could be reached “fairly quickly.”
(Via KION, Politico & CNBC)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Louisville Metro's Office of Civic Innovation and Develop Louisville are seeking input from the public for an Autonomous Vehicle (AV) Playbook to help the city proactively prepare for the impact of autonomous vehicles on transportation.
Though Louisville may not see widespread adoption of AVs for several years, officials said it is important that the city initiates a conversation now on transportation values and provides an initial framework by which the city can better understand the advantages and disadvantages of the new technology.
While projections of how, and how quickly, the technology will be adopted are still being studied, AVs are expected to have a dramatic impact on how people and goods move to, from, and around the United States. In anticipation of that, Louisville Metro is researching and crafting a policy framework that prepares for the technology while ensuring that mobility is enhanced in an equitable manner for all of Louisville's residents.
The draft playbook lists five steps to guide the city's approach:
Ensure that major infrastructure decisions focus on safe movement of people and goods while considering the effects of AVs. Forge public-private partnerships to prepare for new regulatory and technological challenges, anticipate emerging technologies and establish best practices. Prepare for changes in parking demand. Ensure AV technology supports TARC operations to strengthen our transit system. Develop and maintain transportation technology and data infrastructure to provide enhanced safety and reliability while encouraging innovation and providing accurate information to people using Louisville's transportation network.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ ISP Sergeant goes above and beyond the call of duty
+ Archdiocese of Louisville and LG&E make history with new solar array
+ Bevin announces partnership to implement Medicaid changes
To view the autonomous vehicle playbook and submit comments using an online form, click here.
Several manufacturers have made commitments to make self-driving vehicles available for market by 2020. But city leaders think it could be decades before they are common on the streets of Louisville.
"A lot of the infrastructure investments we're looking at are things that make sense even for vehicles where humans are operating them," Grace Simrall, Louisville Metro Chief of Civic Innovation and Technology, said. "Things like intelligent traffic systems and adapter traffic systems that understand how traffic is flowing. Let's say it senses there's an accident and it can redirect traffic to minimize that impact on congestion."
Other changes could include better signage and lane markings, possible self-driving TARC buses, and changes in parking demand.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Photographers: Rick PéwéTraci Clark
Dream big- build it and they will come it was once said. Three years ago Brennan Metcalf dreamed of gathering a few vintage flat fender Willys jeeps to take on a rough trail ride. And not just any trailride, but a difficult trail during the Easter Jeep Safari in Moab, Utah. A purely accidental and invite only run, he took a small group of flatties out to the Pickle trail, and a fine time was had by all. The next year the group attempted the same feat on Backwards Bill, with about twice as many vehicles. This year the tradition continued, with nearly 30 vintage flatties and a few interlopers to round out the group. Still an invite only, semi-secret, non-official accidental grouping of some of the finest and not so fine flatties, cruised out to run Flat Iron Mesa (naturally), but doing it backwards.
Some of the rides are bone stock survivors just oozing patina and 90-weight, while others are full-on modified custom builds with near JK style bells and whistles. A few are restored to the military specs, and a good number are in a state of transition from death to accension. It doesn't matter what type of flatty you bring, as long as your attitude is happy and positive. Of course when one is truly flatfendering among the redrocks of Moab, being happy is pretty much a given unless some serious demons possess your soul.
The trailride started way south of town past the natural gas pumping station, where we all gathered on a peaceful side road to recoup from the harrowing journey on the highway. Speeding tourists on their way to their next destination and lumbering truckers just trying to make the grade mingled with many a 45 mph flatty cruising in style- windshield down and wind in the hair. We aren't fast, just happy. Don't worry. With tire pressure lowered in rock hard 40-year old tires and carb floats set and adjusted, we set out to conquer the desert landscape. While most rigs accepted the challenge and putted down the road and trail, a recalcitrant few bucked and whinnied like an old bronco, only to be whipped into shape or welded back together. It is truly a thing of beauty to watch the accumulation of talent and experience of the participants, and how quickly and expertly breakage and other issues were handled with aplomb.
Next year Brennen plans to lead a similar event in Moab, and we hope that the vehicles and crew will be as magical as this year's. For more information, relax and feel the flatty force within you.
US Senate backs sanctions on Russia over US election hacking
The US Senate voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to punish Russia over its alleged election meddling, passing a bill that would bar President Donald Trump from unilaterally easing existing sanctions on Moscow.
The vote at a time of high tension in Washington over the Russia scandal was 97-2.
The proposal was included in an amendment that must still win definitive approval from the Senate and from the House of Representatives. It would make congressional approval necessary if Trump seeks to suspend or ease sanctions imposed on Russia over its apparent cyberattacks during the 2016 US election campaign.
This new bill would also give sanctions imposed by then president Barack Obama via an executive order the full force of law. The sanctions target the Russian energy industry in particular.
The legislation would impose new sanctions against “corrupt Russian actors,” “those involved in serious human rights abuses”, Russians providing arms to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime or those engaged in cyberattacks on behalf of the government.
Russia's interventions in Ukraine and Crimea and its support of Assad in the Syrian war are the other stated reasons for the sanctions, aside from the hacking that US intelligence agencies say Russia engaged in aggressively with the alleged aim of helping Trump beat Hillary Clinton last November.
These sanctions have been added to a bill — under debate and almost certain to win passage — aimed at toughening sanctions against Iran for what the bill calls its support of international terrorist acts.
“For too long, the message to Vladimir Putin has been that Russia can invade its neighbors, threaten US allies, intensify its cyberattacks, and interfere with foreign elections with very little repercussion,” said Senator John McCain, a strident critic of the Russian leader.
“Unless and until Russia pays a price for its actions, these destabilizing activities will continue,” he added.
Several more votes on the bill are scheduled in the Senate in the coming days before it can go to the House of Representatives.
The post US Senate backs sanctions on Russia over US election hacking appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
Kadaga boosts St.Mary's Kisubi cancer drive
Kadaga urges leaders to support cancer awareness campaigns
Speaker of Uganda's Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has called for more effort in reducing cancer patients' pain, death, and incidence through rallying leaders at all levels to sensitize the masses on the need for screening at early stages.
Kadaga noted that people need to be educated that cancer has stages and if detected early enough, it can be managed.
“Very few people really know about cancer and unfortunately many times it's when it's mature and It's really so adverse that one feels it. That's why such it is a silent killer,” said Kadaga.
Kadaga said this Wednesday while meeting students of St.Mary's College, Kisubi under their Human Alliance for Cancer Awareness club, ahead of a cancer run this Saturday.
The run is part of the activities of the school club to support patients and also raise 54 million shillings from the students in the next ten years and also buy cancer equipment.
The run this year aims to raise sh3 million for patients at the Uganda Cancer Institute and to start the building of a playground for the children's ward at the hospital.
Kadaga said that it is important for the young generation to be part of the army against cancer through raising awareness and encouraging its prevention, detection and treatment among their peers and parents.
The spokesman of the alliance Timothy Kadaga said the club aims at raising awareness because it is reported that over 17% of the people aged below 75 years are at risk of succumbing to cancer.
“We believe that awareness can reduce the number of deaths resulting from late detection and treatment of cancer cases,” he said, adding that “as the Speaker of parliament you are influential and through your participation and support from the political leaders, it will create a bond between the public and the leaders.”
Kadaga who has been invited as chief runner pledges to mobilize parliamentarians to participate and support the 7km cancers run that will be around Kisubi on Saturday.
The post Kadaga boosts St.Mary's Kisubi cancer drive appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(STATS) – The momentum hasn't stopped for Derek Rivers.
The former Youngstown State All-America defensive end helped lead the Penguins to the 2016 FCS national championship game as a senior – a run that few people saw coming.
He's also taken some by surprise since then while rising among prospects for the NFL draft, to be held in Philadelphia from April 27-29.
Many analysts rank Rivers in the Top 100 and landing in the second or third round. The 6-foot-4, 248-pounder could shift to outside linebacker in the NFL.
At Youngstown State, Rivers made the All-Missouri Valley Football Conference first team in each of his final three seasons and was a second-team STATS FCS All-American as a senior. He had 173 career tackles, 56 1/2 tackles for loss, 41 sacks and 48 quarterback hurries.
His NFL.com scouting report says Rivers “strikes with quick upward punch under tackle's shoulders” and “creates speed-to-power push with a second gear into contract.”
“I'd say one of my strengths, as far as pass rushing goes, is my speed,” Rivers said at the Senior Bowl. “I love speed rushing and something that counters off of it, I have a pretty good power rush as well. So when you mix it up, pass rushing is all about strategy. So when you beat somebody with speed, you come back with a counter or power, it knocks the offensive linemen off their heels.”
Just over two weeks after playing in Youngstown State's loss to James Madison in the FCS national championship on Jan. 7, Rivers enjoyed excellent practices during Senior Bowl week. He posted a sack and a tackle in the game.
He went on to blow up the NFL Combine in early March. Among defensive ends, he was third with a 6.94-second clocking in the 3-cone drill, fourth with a 4.61 run in the 40-yard dash, tied for fourth with 30 reps in the 225-pound bench press and tied for fifth with a 35-inch vertical jump.
With his high motor, he has the ability to create havoc in NFL backfields.
NEW YORK — The Latest on fallout from sexual harassment allegations against Oscar-winning producer Harvey Weinstein (all times local):
7:15 p.m.
The board of directors of The Weinstein Co. say it takes sexual harassment allegations against co-founder Harvey Weinstein extremely seriously and has appointed a legal team to review them.
A statement issued Friday evening states Weinstein is taking an indefinite leave of absence. It says the next steps for his future with the company depend on his therapeutic progress and the results of the internal investigation.
The statement is signed by four of six remaining board members.
The board named attorney John Kiernan of the firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP as the head of the internal investigation.
The statement says it is essential for The Weinstein Co. to have a culture where women can work with respect and without fear of harassment or discrimination.
——
6:45 p.m.
A source with knowledge of the decision says Harvey Weinstein will be suspended from his film company pending an internal investigation into sexual harassment claims levelled against the Oscar winner.
The source, who was not authorized to speak publicly, says an announcement on the suspension and investigation is expected on Friday. The decision was made by The Weinstein Co.'s board of directors.
The New York Times reported Thursday that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. Weinstein said Thursday that he was taking a leave of absence.
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. is expected to be assumed by Weinstein's brother, Bob Weinstein, and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer and president.
— By Jake Coyle, AP Film Writer
——
3 a.m.
Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein has long held a larger-than-life role in Hollywood, but many are questioning whether his career will survive detailed accusations of sexual harassment levelled by several women.
The accusations were published Thursday by The New York Times and include accusations Weinstein sexually harassed actresses, including Ashley Judd, and former employees. Weinstein has said he is taking a leave of absence from his company and acknowledged he has behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a vendetta against him.
The Times says it stands by its reporting.
Richard Rushfield, founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler, says the accusations against Weinstein mean there will now be a “cost” associated with working with the Oscar winner.
Montreal's health authority says 11 people have now died from complications related to the hot and humid weather.
Another four deaths have been reported in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal, with officials expected to provide an update later today.
Meanwhile, the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area is calling on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency.
Urgences-sante says it has been inundated by the volume of calls since a heat wave enveloping Eastern and Central Canada settled in for an extended stay over the weekend.
The ambulance corporation says it has received 1,200 calls per day in Montreal and nearby Laval over the past four days, which is 30 per cent more than on usual busy days.
Urgences-sante president Nicola D'Ulisse says the service is overwhelmed and has reached the limits of what it can provide.
He is asking residents to call a provincial health-consultation line in the event of minor health problems or to check in with friends or family and leave 911 lines free for real emergencies.
Environment Canada says a heat warning remains in effect for an area spanning southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region, with above normal temperatures and humid conditions likely to stick around into Thursday.
My period of ambivalence is over. I'm a New England Patriots fan, full out. I care if they beat the Eagles. I want them to squash the birds into midnight-green goo. That's right, the Eagles team color is midnight green. Ours? American red, white and blue — with a dash of silver to keep us contemporary.
I love Eagles fans. At their team's final game of the 1968 season, feeling irritable, they diverted themselves at halftime by booing Santa Claus and pelting him with snowballs. But this makes me want to crush them even more. They are passionate, and beating passionate people is way more fun than beating aloof people. Who'd want to beat the San Francisco 49ers? Their fans are almost too urbane to notice.
Why have I so fully embraced the Patriots? For one thing, they are by far the smartest team in sports. Watch how they respond when they get down against an inspired opponent, as they did against the Jacksonville Jaguars in this year's conference championship game. Early in the game, the Jaguars were rolling over us, smashing us with their defense, humiliating us with their offense.
But then, at halftime, the Patriots went into the locker room and — as they always do — they figured out the opposition. They jiggered the defense; they re-aimed the offense. Suddenly the unstoppable running back Leonard Fournette was on his backside contemplating the heavens. Suddenly the quarterback Blake Bortles, who was having the game of his career in the first half, was transformed back to in the so-so game manager he has always been. And then Brady began to methodically rip the bad guys to shreds.
The other reason I have so fully embraced the Patriots is their dominance. In the world of sports, I've become someone who likes empires. I like dynasties. I like operations that go on being great for a long time. Any team can ring the bell once. But to smack the gong again and again, that is truly something.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Most people resent sports dynasties because they prefer up-and-comers. They pull for the underdog. They want David to beat Goliath. I suspect they do this because they want to think of themselves as upstarts, young and fresh and with a world of promise before them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But there comes a time when you have to look at yourself not as an up-and-comer but as someone who has arrived — at least as far as you are going to. In the same way, there comes a time to embrace teams that have arrived and are proud of it and want to stay at their best.
I had a friend who was once going through some hard times: Kevin, a high-school drinking buddy, a brawler with a saintly heart. Kevin was a die-hard Boston Red Sox fan. They lost and they lost and they lost. (This was many decades before the 2000s.) And Kevin went down and down.
But then one day in the 1980s, Kevin had a revelation. He looked at himself in the mirror and said: Enough is enough. Starting today, Kevin is a fan of the 22-time world champion New York Yankees. He felt a little better that day — and then slowly, over time, a little turned into a lot. He got his business together. He made some money. No matter how daunting the goal, Kevin now went for it. Did the switch of his allegiance to the Yankees have something to do with this? I think so.
To back a winner, you've got to be willing to say you aspire to win yourself. You're not a beginner any more, not an upstart, not a pup. You've maybe done a few things right in life and you're going to try to keep doing things right — and you're going to back a team that does the same. You're going to get behind Yankees baseball and North Carolina college basketball and you're going to look for a football team that wins and wins and wins.
And if that's what you're looking for, what choice have you got? You're going to have to become a New England Patriots fan, too.
2016: Conflicts, high jobless rate rock labour market
By Bimbola Oyesola
With over 11.2 million out of job, about 19.7 per cent, up from the 19.3 recorded in the 2nd quarter couple with the 18.47 inflation rate the highest in the past 11 years the outgoing year has been a challenging one for the Nigerian workers and the organised labour movement.
More than any other years in two decades, organised labour unions lost their members in droves to the premature closure of companies as a result of recession
In the food sector, the unions, National Union of Food Beverage and Tobacco Employees (NUFBTE) and Food Beverage and Tobacco Senior Staff Association (FOBTOB) reported to have lost almost three million members in a year, while negotiation is still ongoing for redundancy. The same story is in the other sectors like chemical, maritime, textiles, construction.
If the situation of workers in the private sector has been precarious, the public sector is more pathetic with almost 27 states owing three to nine-month salaries. Some had even gone ahead to slash the meagre salary, while some are yet to implement the national minimum wage of N18, 000, which had elapsed last year and long overdue for review.
inflation
According to him, employers of labour, either in the public or private sector, now hardly give any thought to the welfare of their workers.
Though he attributed the fall in the price of crude oil, free fall of the Naira, disruption in the Niger Delta by militancy group, corruption, among others, as reasons for the crisis, the labour leader believed that more commitment and action are desired to get Nigeria out of the woods.
He said, “Massive corruption and maladministration had combined to further incapacitate workers and the masses. The governors have continued to be reckless in their spending and plundered state resources. The issue of non-payment is not because there was no money, but what those governors considered as priority. Efforts of states like Katsina, which cleared arrears of pensions and Plateau that cleared outstanding salary arrears of six or seven months are commendable.”
The Secretary General of the Association of Senior Civil Servant of Nigeria (ASCSN), Alade Bashir Lawal, corroborating the NLC president, said the year 2016 with all its negative impacts ranging from unpaid salary, agony from government bad policies, inflation and high cost of living, made it a year workers would like to forget in a hurry.
According to him, “Nigerian workers have really been stretched beyond their limit. States especially Osun has
The NLC president also believed that the easiest way out of recession for the country lies with a well motivated workforce. “There is need to get money into the system to improve the purchasing power of the people for the economy to pick up. It happened in the United States when President Barack Obama just came in. It has been tested all over the world. If people don't have the money how can economy survive? The battle against corruption also would be in futility because any one that does not have money would be easily manipulated.”
Divided house
The NLC crisis that began last year took a turn for the worse this year as government was able to capitalise on this to score a point during the fuel crisis in May.
Initially, the NLC, including the splinter group led by Joe Ajaero and Trade Union Congress (TUC), had kicked agaist the hike in pump price from N86 to N145 per litre. Labour had threatened to embark on indefinite strike from their different fora, but midway, the Ajaero-led team and TUC backed out and went ahead to discuss with the government, who planned to assuage the suffering of Nigerians from the new pump price with some palliatives.
Though the NLC led by Wabba felt betrayed and had gone ahead with the strike, it was bound to fail as government mounted other propaganda against them.
The National President of the TUC, Bobboi Bala Kaigama, gave reasons why the TUC disagreed with the NLC shortly before the commencement of the planned strike, saying that NLC was dogmatic in pressing its demands.
Kaigama said the NLC came to the negotiation table with only one item, which was that the price of fuel be reverted to N86 per litre, even though the meeting with government afforded opportunity to address the contending issues once and for all.
It was indeed a disappointing outing for the movement as the strike was a flop nationwide, though NLC, while calling it off, said it achieved some level of success at sensitising Nigerians on the disadvantage of the pump price increase.
The announcement by the NLC splinter group this month, of the formation of a new labour centre, United Labour Congress (ULC), however, came as rude shock to Nigeria.
But in a swift reaction, the NLC vowed to preserve the unity and coherence of the labour movement.
Wabba said relevant organ(s) of congress would soon meet to review the latest challenge posed to the unity of the movement.
He added:“Unfortunately, as Nigerians saw during our last national strike against the fuel price increase by the Federal Government, our comrades chose to allow themselves to be used as willing tools to undermine our collective struggle.”
Pay rise
Organised Labour at this year's May Day formally presented its demand for the upward review of the national minimum wage from N18,000 to N56,000.
Labour hinges its demands, despite the parlous state of the economy, on the grounds that a minimum wage review is long overdue.
Labour leaders think the wage increase is only a matter of necessity and legality.
Though the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, had early this month in Awka, the Anambra State capital announced that Federal Government was proposing a pay rise for workers in the new year, the non-provision for the new wage in the 2017 undermine the sincerity of the government.
However, the President of the Congress noted that government could always make a supplementary budget as labour is fully prepared for a showdown with government early next year if it fails to constitute the tripartite committee that will deliberate on it.
The NLC President, in spite of the economy, maintained that the N56,000 is reasonable when marched it with the present economic indices which had eroded the purchasing power of the workers and reduce them to nothing.
“We agreed that it's challenging for the employers as well. But this is the best time to ask for review. all the indices used all over the world, inflation, cost of living index and others have all been addressed before we arrived at the figure. Minimum wage is central to workers survival”, he said.
Outlook
With 30 per cent of this year's budget on the revamping of industry and agriculture, Wabba was optimistic that the country would turn out for good, if the budget is implemented to the fullest.
He stated: “At least, if we can have it implemented up to 80 per cent, this would make the productive sector to pick up and invariably change the conditions of the workers. Although we must not expect things to change overnight, hence we must continue to support the process.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Of the great medical mysteries remaining to be solved, the greatest doesn't center on a single disease like cancer. The greatest mystery is how we heal. The healing response is vastly complex because it involves every system in the body, including the brain. The immune system fights on the front lines, but the body's superhighway of information reaches every cell when disease and distress is present. The healing response keeps us alive and thriving. With all its knowledge, medical science cannot even heal a paper cut on its own — we are always working in aid of the body's own healing system, beginning with the power of the mind.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Dr. Deepak Chopra shares tips for combating stress at work 4:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The wellness movement is looking beyond prevention, which deals in risks for specific disorders like heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes. A picture is emerging of how each person can consciously boost the healing response — we are entering a new era of self-care: The Healing Self.
The Healing Self is a role you choose, one that applies to everyday lifestyle choices like diet, sleep, and stress management. Each choice either aids the healing response or hinders it.
What aids the healing response?
Good sleep every night
An anti-inflammatory diet
Reduced stress
Regular movement throughout the day
Keeping socially engaged with others
These things may not sound surprising, but what lies behind them is a wealth of new knowledge. For the first time we can prioritize our lifestyle choices. The benefits of good sleep are more critical than ever. Equally beneficial is moderate exercise every day. And, both lifespan and healthspan can be lengthened by strong relationships. The threat of low-level chronic inflammation is now linked to every chronic disorder. The role of low-level chronic stress, the kind everyone experiences in modern life is doing the greatest harm, impeding the healing response.
These insights are based on a broad understanding that the lifestyle disorders that need prevention — type 2 diabetes, coronary artery disease, and hypertension, cancer, Alzheimer's — have their beginning years before symptoms appear. Previously no one would have suspected that Alzheimer's begins decades before old age, or that brain inflammation is the final straw that breaks the camel's back. But with this new knowledge, we argue that adopting a lifestyle of self-care that fosters “self-healing” is the key to wellness and disease prevention.
The other side of the coin is about choices that hinder or harm the healing response, most of which are bad habits that the healing self must consciously avoid.
What harms the healing response?
Poor, irregular, inadequate sleep
Obesity
Unmanaged daily stress
Diet high in sugar, fat, and artificial additives
Sedentary lifestyle
Social Isolation
The habit of isolating oneself, sitting at the computer, watching TV or playing video games for hours on end without getting up to move, snacking on junk food, depriving oneself of sleep, and losing control of one's weight — these are all too common in American society today.
Showing people how to move from the negative to the positive zone in their own self-care is the focus of The Healing Self. The prevention movement taught us that noncompliance is a constant problem. Even with the best information, people can't follow up on their good intentions. The fact that only 2 percent of dieters can lose five pounds and keep it off after two years tells the tale. Prevention has also taught us that fear is a poor motivator. People don't want to live with fear, and they easily find unhealthy ways to suppress anxiety, like “eating your feelings” or spending all day at the computer. The Healing Self is the next evolution of the prevention movement.
The healing self could fall into the same pitfall, becoming just another addition to the mountain of medical knowledge that already exists. But our aim is to make it a personal breakthrough instead. The key to adopting the role of the healing self is living everyday with the self-awareness that your brain, body, and mind are intimately connected as a unified entity that serves you. One must walk the path from unconscious living (ruled by old habits, conditioning, denial, low self-esteem, and endless distractions) to conscious living.
The secret to conscious living is actually very simple: The next thing you want to do needs to be the best thing for you. In our book we take the reader on a journey to expanded consciousness, and the reason we have confidence that this works is that each step of the way involves the desire for health, happiness, and fulfillment, without any motivation through fear and anxiety. There is a new revolution in healthcare, and that revolution is you!
Deepak Chopra MD, FACP, founder of The Chopra Foundation and co-founder of The Chopra Center for Wellbeing, is a world-renowned pioneer in integrative medicine and personal transformation, and is Board Certified in Internal Medicine, Endocrinology and Metabolism. He is a Fellow of the American College of Physicians and a member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists. His latest books are The Healing Self co-authored with Rudy Tanzi, Ph.D. and Quantum Healing (Revised and Updated): Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine.
Rudolph E. Tanzi, Ph.D. is the Joseph P. and Rose F. Kennedy Professor of Neurology at Harvard University and Vice Chair of Neurology at Mass. General Hospital. Dr. Tanzi is an internationally acclaimed expert on Alzheimer disease, for which he has discovered nearly a dozen genes. He has won the highest awards in his field and was included in TIME Magazine's "TIME 100 Most Influential People in the World." He is co-author of Dr. Chopra's latest book, The Healing Self.
Tear as Nigerian U.S Army veteran, Chuks Okebata who was killed In Imo is laid to rest (Photos)
Nigerian U.S Army veteran, Chuks Okebata, who was abducted and murdered on the 12th of January, 2017, at his hometown in Imo state has been buried yesterday, April 17th.
LailasBlog contacted a close family member, and it was revealed that his wife who was accused of being the cause of his death was absent at the burial and also didn't bring back their kids for his burial.
See more photos below….
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The following material contains mature subject matter. Viewer discretion is advised.
Clarence was arrested out of the blue for the rape and murder of his mother-in-law and the attempted murder, assault, and rape of his six-year-old niece. He steadfastly maintained his innocence but was convicted and sentenced – until DNA evidence revealed the truth.
“After seven years being incarcerated,” Clarence recalls, “I was told by my wife then, that possibly the actual perpetrator was in the same prison I was.” If Clarence could obtain a DNA sample from the man, it might prove to be key evidence. Clarence learned who the man was and got the butt of a cigarette he'd smoked. The DNA on the cigarette proved to be a 99.9-percent match with DNA evidence from the crime scene.
Watch: How Wrongful Convictions Happen
Clarence's then-wife contacted the Ohio Innocence Project. “It took them to straighten this mess out,” Clarence says. In the meantime, the DNA evidence linking the crime to his fellow prisoner was mentioned on TV – Clarence was moved to solitary confinement for his own safety, where he remained for three months “Until I finally walked out of the prison for good.”
The actual perpetrator was charged with crimes, pled guilty, and is now serving 55 years to life – the same length as Clarence's original sentence. Now Clarence has joined Mark Godsey of the Ohio Innocence Project to lobby for judicial reforms to help prevent wrongful convictions.
Watch: Life After a Wrongful Conviction
To read more about the stories of Ricky, Nancy and Clarence, and to learn about wrongful conviction and its causes, read Mark Godsey's Blind Injustice, a best-selling new release on Amazon.com. Join the Blind Injustice Facebook Group, here.
There's always plenty of excitement when it's time to pre-order a new iPhone, and now Apple wants to bring a similar level of pre-release anticipation to the App Store. It has introduced a pre-order system for forthcoming apps, where any upcoming release can be reserved ahead of its launch day in the store. When the big day arrives, you'll be sent a notification saying the app is ready for download.
While this is the first time Apple has made pre-orders available as an option to all app publishers, it's not the first time an app has been teased this way ahead of launch. Last year, Nintendo ran a pre-order campaign for Super Mario Run before its eventual 2017 release. Now, pre-orders can be added to any app for publication in the App Store, including those made for macOS and Apple TV.
How will it work? You'll find a basic version of the app's main page inside the App Store, complete with details on the app itself, a release date, and how much the app will cost. Although you'll commit to buy the app at this point, you won't actually pay until the day of release. If you have automatic downloads activated on your phone, the app will arrive during the first 24-hours of release without you doing anything. A message will also be sent to say it has been released, if you can't wait for the auto download.
If the price changes during the pre-order period — which can run anywhere from two to 90 days — you eventually pay whatever price was lowest. If you decide at any time you don't want the app anymore, there is a cancelation option. To find pre-orders your device will need the latest iOS 11.2 version of the operating system, tvOS 11.2, or macOS 10.13.2 or later.
Apple is a little late to the app pre-order party. Google has been providing a pre-registration option since 2015, when it launched the feature to push the official movie tie-in game Terminator Genisys: Revolution. It operates the same no obligation style, where orders are paid upon release, and can be canceled beforehand.
(Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP). Toronto Maple Leafs center Tyler Bozak (42) celebrates his game-winning goal against the Washington Capitals with Nazem Kadri (43) and Morgan Rielly (44) in Game 3 of an NHL Stanley Cup first-round playoff series...
(Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP). Washington Capitals goalie Braden Holtby (70) looks on as the Toronto Maple Leafs celebrate the game-winning goal during overtime in Game 3 of an NHL Stanley Cup first-round playoff series in Toronto on Monda...
(Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP). Toronto Maple Leafs left wing James van Riemsdyk (25) watches Tyler Bozak's game-winning goal on Washington Capitals goalie Braden Holtby (70) during overtime in Game 3 of an NHL Stanley Cup first-round playo...
(Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP). Toronto Maple Leafs players celebrate Tyler Bozak's game-winning goal against the Washington Capitals during overtime in Game 3 of an NHL Stanley Cup first-round playoff series in Toronto on Monday, April 17,...
(Nathan Denette/The Canadian Press via AP). Toronto Maple Leafs center Tyler Bozak (42) celebrates his goal against Washington Capitals goalie Braden Holtby (70) with center Nazem Kadri (43) as Mitch Marner and James van Riemsdyk look on during overtim...
TORONTO (AP) - Tyler Bozak scored 1:37 into overtime to cap Toronto's comeback from two goals down in the second period, and the Maple Leafs beat the Washington Capitals 4-3 Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in the first-round series.
Auston Matthews and Nazem Kadri each had a goal and an assist, and William Nylander also scored for Toronto. Frederik Andersen made 23 saves.
Toronto trailed 2-0 in the first period, and then 3-1 early in the second before Kadri and Nylander scored 4:07 apart late to tie the score in the final minute of the period.
Alex Ovechkin, Nicklas Backstrom and Evgeny Kuznetsov all scored for the Presidents' Trophy-winning Capitals. Braden Holtby stopped 24 shots.
All three games so far have been decided in overtime.
Game 4 is Wednesday night.
The Maple Leafs were hosting their first playoff game in almost four years and coming off an exciting double-overtime win in Game 2. However, the Capitals got the early jump as they scored twice in the first five minutes with both goals coming from their vaunted top line of Ovechkin, Backstrom and T.J. Oshie.
Nate Schmidt, who was filling in for an injured Karl Alzner, got the first one started by rushing into the Toronto zone with speed before finding Backstrom crashing the net across the ice. The Swede beat Leafs defenseman Nikita Zaitsev there and stuffed in a shot short-side.
Zaitsev was playing his first game of the series and first in the NHL playoffs after sitting out the opening two games with a suspected concussion.
He came up short again on the Capitals' second goal, giving just a little too much room to Ovechkin, whose slap shot beat Andersen high from the left faceoff circle.
It was the second goal on two shots to beat Andersen, who had outplayed reigning Vezina trophy winner Braden Holtby in the first two games.
Washington looked crisp and confident early, cycling pucks with authority in the Toronto end. But they generated few shots or scoring chances beyond the goals and the Leafs pushed back with Matthews' first of the series.
The 19-year-old, held without a point in Games 1 and 2, sped through the neutral zone with speed and fired a shot that ricocheted off John Carlson, Schmidt's face and Matthews' body before finally hitting Holtby. He stopped the initial shot, but Matthews hung with it and batted the rebound out of the air to cut the deficit to 2-1.
Washington had a chance to put the Leafs away after Kuznetsov upped the lead back to two with his first of the playoffs 5:39 into the second period, but Toronto's penalty-kill managed to fend off a full 2-minute 5-on-3 Capitals power play. The unit stood tall again a short while later when the club was called for too many men.
Gaining some steam from that bit of special teams superiority, the Leafs pulled back within one when Kadri fired through traffic from the point to beat Holtby with 4:47 left in the middle period.
Then it was the rookie line of Matthews, Nylander and Zach Hyman striking again - their speed and skill proving troublesome all night long for the Capitals. Hyman drew two defenders as he chased down a dump into the offensive zone and, with a little extra room, Matthews pulled the puck out and fed Nylander in front. The 20-year-old, one of three Leafs rookies with 60-plus points in the regular season, was stopped on his first attempt, but followed up to even the score at 3-3 with 40 seconds left in the period.
Toronto held Washington without a shot for the first 13-plus minutes of a dominant third, but failed to score with a pair of power plays. The Capitals finished the period with only three shots at Andersen, nearly scoring when Kuznetsov's shot hit the crossbar.
Hyman drew the power play late in regulation on the goal that Bozak scored in overtime to win it.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It was back to school for 19 dads at the first EPIC Dads event at West Row Academy.
EPIC stands for Encourager, Provider, Instructor, Carer, which the charity says are four key roles of a father-figure.
Back to school for 19 fathers who took part in West Row Academy's Epic Dads event
Richard Keeble who is the EPIC Dad's community leader said:“We want to celebrate the key role that dads and male carers have in families and communities and encourage the father-child relationship through fun clubs, parenting courses and family activities.”
The dads took part in activities with their children, including Easter crafts and games.
From April 24 the school has is a six-week EPIC Dads evening course for all fathers which can be booked with Richard on 07717 744608. It is running its own open-to-all 10-week Raising Children course from September 18: book with its family support practitioner Genine Harrison on 01638 715680.
JERUSALEM -- In an embarrassment to the Israeli government, only five of 11 NFL players have arrived on a sponsored trip aimed at improving the country's image.
The ministry for strategic affairs and public diplomacy issued a press release after the Super Bowl boasting that the visit would bring "influencers" who would serve as "goodwill ambassadors" when they returned home.
The announcement led Seattle Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennett to pull out. He accused the government of trying to use him for PR purposes and cited sympathy for the Palestinians.
Several other players followed suit, including Bennett's brother, New England Patriots tight end Martellus Bennett, who retweeted his brother's letter.
Rambam Health Care Campus spokesman David Ratner said Wednesday that only five players arrived for a planned visit to the hospital. The ministry declined to comment.
According to the Times of Israel, the five players that went on the trip were? Arizona Cardinals defensive end Calais Campbell, Oakland Raiders defensive tackle Dan Williams, New Orleans Saints defensive end Cameron Jordan, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker and Philadelphia Eagles linebacker Mychal Kendricks.
In addition to Michael and Martellus Bennett, the players scheduled to appear but didn't make the trip were Seattle Seahawks defensive end Cliff Avril, Miami Dolphins wide receiver Kenny Stills, San Francisco 49ers running back Carlos Hyde and Denver Broncos running back Justin Forsett. Retired NFL linebacker Kirk Morrison also was originally scheduled to appear.?
Kendricks and Jordan have posted pictures and video on social media from their visit.?
The visit will include stops at a hospital, the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial and a meeting with the "Black Hebrews,'' a community of African Americans who live in southern Israel.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Consuming too much added sugar can increase your chances of heart disease, diabetes and obesity.
According to experts, an overload of sugar goes straight to the liver, overwhelming its ability to process it. This can raise the risk of fatty liver disease. Below are some ways to help reduce your sugar intake.
Sweetened beverages account for about 47 percent of added sugar in the American diet. A 20-ounce bottle of Coke contains 65 grams, more than the recommended daily limit.
Try swapping out your soft drinks for seltzer water with a splash of no-sugar-added juice or tea. Instead of flavored yogurt or fruit juice in the morning, try to eat more grain-based foods with little or no sugar, like Cheerios or plain oatmeal. Better yet, have scrambled eggs, fruit or nuts.
Amy Jamieson-Petonic, a registered dietician at the Cleveland Clinic, shared this advice: “Swap out the added sugars, increase your consumption of fresh fruits, fresh vegetables and low-fat dairy products.”
Two of the four biggest ingredients in Heinz ketchup are sweeteners, and the biggest ingredient in many barbecue sauces is high fructose corn syrup. Instead, try using other sauces that forgo the sugar, like French's yellow mustard or Prego's marinara.
Watch out for words on ingredient labels that are used to disguise sugar: like dextrose, fructose, saccharose, agave nectar and evaporated cane juice.
“When you start to reduce the intake of sweets in your diet, your body gets accustomed to it and you won't miss it,” said Jamieson-Petonic.
The American Heart Association recommends no more than 36 grams of added sugar per day for men and 24 grams for women. According to data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, Americans consume anywhere from 73 to 82 grams per day.
Contributors to this news report include: Katie Campbell, producer; Roque Correa, videographer and editor.
Copyright 2018 by Ivanhoe Newswire - All rights reserved.
Happy New Year 2017!
After spending all the seven months available to him in 2015 just forming his government, 2016 was the first true test of the character and purpose of the President Muhammadu Buhari regime. Faced with a withering economic recession, the war against Boko Haram terrorists in the North East, the return of militancy in the Niger Delta, the upsurge of Biafra separatists, his war on corruption and the menace of armed herdsmen and cattle rustlers, the President had quite a lot on his plate.
The regime was forced to take a painful decision that would have been taken in January 2012, if not for massive opposition and the lack of resolve of the then President Goodluck Jonathan regime: withdraw from subsidising petrol. This, added to higher electricity tariffs, the steep fall in the value of the Naira against foreign currencies, huge job/salary cuts and inability of governments and many companies in the private sector to pay their workers promptly, the amount of suffering among the people skyrocketed.
Matters were not helped by the clumsiness at the Federal level which attended the “budget padding” controversy and the gradual creep into this regime of alleged corruption among some very senior regime officials.
There are reasons, however, to believe that the Buhari regime is gradually beginning to find its feet. The recent recapture of Sambisa Forest by Nigeria's gallant troops will definitely reduce the quantum of funds allocated for the upkeep of soldiers on the war front. Secondly, turning necessity into a positive value, many state governments keyed into the regime's agricultural vision as propagated chiefly by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN's) Anchor Borrowers programme and the efforts of Federal Ministry of Agriculture.
For the first time since oil became our foremost national revenue earner, 2017 could be that year when we begin our march to self-sufficiency in many agricultural products, especially rice and wheat. If the current momentum is maintained, Nigeria will free up the N517 billion she spends annually importing rice and enriching foreign farmers.
There is still a lot to be done before we escape the recession as President Buhari promised in his 2017 budget. 2017 is probably the last opportunity the regime has to get Nigerians to close ranks with it to deliver on its campaign promises. After this year, we will be back to high political atmosphere, and unless things move at a faster and more result-oriented fashion, we may be talking about another largely wasted tenure. The President must lead a very personal campaign for import substitution and the consumption of Made-In-Nigeria products.
We call on Nigerians to put aside their differences and make sure that in this New Year, we go back to the path of economic growth. We wish all Nigerians a happy New Year!
The post Happy New Year 2017! appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Best of Trump on MTP: ISIS, Israel and Iran 6:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
LONDON — Donald Trump was elected to president on a platform of politics not as usual, so it is fitting he inherits a world in flux.
Post-World War II rules are dying, old alliances shifting and traditional roles shed. Trump has said he distrusts foreign entanglements and state-building ambitions of his predecessors, and takes the reigns of an America much less eager to act as the world's policeman.
President-elect Donald Trump Evan Vucci / AP, file
So the new administration will be in a position to rewrite international rules, whether it's the relationships with Russia and China, North Korea's nuclear program, the U.S. approach to the Syrian civil war, or the global war on terror.
While Trump is a giant question mark on the world stage, NBC News' Chief Global Correspondent Bill Neely looks at major international challenges the president-elect faces when he takes office on Jan. 20.
Part 1: How China Could Pose the Biggest Challenge for Trump
Part 2: What Will Trump Do About Kim Jong-un's Nuclear Ambitions?
Part 3: Nobody Will Test Trump Administration More Than Putin
Part 4: Can Trump Stop Syria War From Haunting U.S.?
Part 5: The Hard Truths Trump Must Face to 'Crush ISIS'
We will ensure improvement in quality of consumer experience – NCC Boss, Danbatta
The Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta has said that the NCC will work harder to improve the quality of service in the telecom sector and by so doing improve the quality of consumer experience. Danbatta stated this yesterday in Funtua, Katsina State at the Consumer Conversation, a forum […]
We will ensure improvement in quality of consumer experience – NCC Boss, Danbatta
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In an emotional ceremony Tuesday at the Tennessee Capitol, lawmakers gave James Shaw Jr., the man who stopped the deadly attack a Waffle House in a Nashville suburb, a standing ovation for his bravery.
"You were confronted with the most unspeakable evil imaginable and you acted with the utmost honor, heroism, imaginable," state Rep. Jason Powell told Shaw. "And I want to say, James Shaw Jr., you are my hero and you are Tennessee's hero."
WKRN
Shaw, dressed in a suit and tie, was honored along with his best friend, Brandon McMurry, who was also at the Waffle House early Sunday when a gunman opened fire with an AR-15 assault rifle, killing four people and leaving four others injured, two critically.
Shaw, a 29-year-old AT&T worker and father of a 4-year-old girl, told "Good Morning America" on Monday that he hid behind a door in the restaurant and when the suspected gunman, Travis Reinking, went to reload his weapon, he sprang into action. He grabbed the barrel of the gun and wrested it away from the suspect, throwing it over a counter and forcing the man outside.
Authorities say Shaw's courageous actions saved numerous lives, but he has refused to call himself a hero, saying he only took on the gunman to save his own life.
Shawn Poynter/The New York Times via Redux
"I never thought I would be in a room with all the eyes on me but, you know, I am very grateful to be here," Shaw told the lawmakers today. "All I can say is ... this was a true test of a man. I do, once again, apologize to the people that lost loved ones, friends or family."
He said he went to Vanderbilt University Medical Center to visit some of the victims who were wounded.
"They all remember me," he said. "But I want you all to know, and I'll say this again, I am a genuine person: I didn't actually do it to save lives. I did it to save my life. In saving my life, I saved other lives. So that's probably the greatest things you could do."
Lacy Atkins/The Tennessean via USA Today Network
McMurry, who also addressed the politicians, praised Shaw as not only his best friend but "a great man."
He said that during the shooting rampage, he tried to get Shaw to hide in a bathroom with other patrons of the restaurant, knowing that from where they were in a hallway leading to the restrooms that there was no other way out of the establishment except the front door.
"But he sometimes doesn't listen to me, and this is by far the best time that you didn't listen to me and I appreciate that," McMurry told Shaw.
Mark Humphrey/AP
Meanwhile, an online GoFundMe page set up to honor Shaw has raised more than $86,000 for him as more than 2,500 people donated.
"I normally don't get involved directly in these matters, but James' grace has inspired me to start this page and give him the support I feel he deserves," wrote Yashar Ali of New York, who established the fund-raising campaign on Monday.
"According to news reports, James has a 4-year-old daughter. Perhaps this money can be used for her college fund or some other education-related expense," Ali wrote. "But I'd be just as happy if James used some of this money to take his family on a nice vacation."
Island Con, the UK's only ‘Destination Comic Con', returns to the Isle of Wight this October and plans to be three times the size of its debut year.
The two day event is a celebration of pop culture, with celebrities, comic books, films, TV, art, gaming, cosplay, kids attractions and general entertainment. There'll be traders, artists, special guests, workshops and more.
Triple in size
This year the Island Con team are anticipating their visitor numbers will rise from the 3,000 who attended in 2017 to a whopping 10,000!
A spokesperson for Island Con told OnTheWight,
“We can't wait to be back on the Island this October and are thrilled that so many people will be coming over to the Isle of Wight, to enjoy Island Con. “We're proud to be able to host this event at Cowes Enterprise College – and are looking forward to offering an unforgettable experience to those who are coming to see names such as Sean Astin, Jason Mewes and Shannon Elizabeth. “The backing we have received from Fantastic Store, Red Funnel and CEX – as well as accommodation and other businesses has been crucial in making this event as popular as it is.”
What to expect
A fantastic line-up of film and TV stars have already been announced (check out the huge list on the Island Con Website), with more to come.
Over the course of the weekend, there'll be plenty of photo and autograph opportunities, as well as two more i-zones with multiple attractions and a kid-friendly area with loads of things to do.
The panel sessions and Q&As will take place in the large, enclosed theatre-style setting and will be free to anyone with a general entry ticket.
Visitors from far and wide
Thanks to the heroic efforts of the passionate and hardworking crew members, Island Con organisers say they have sold tickets as far and wide as New Zealand and South Africa.
From next month (May), you'll be able to get tickets from selected Island of Wight retailers (cash only) to help those who are unable to purchase online.
Over half of the weekend tickets have already sold, so if you're thinking of attending, make sure you book very soon.
Where and when
Taking place at Cowes Enterprise College (CEC) in Cowes on Saturday 20th – Sunday 21st October 2018 (10am – 6pm).
Buy your tickets online or look out for details of Island retailers in the coming weeks.
Location map
View the location of this story.
Chief Executive Officer for Zylofon Media Nana Appiah Mensah has donated ten thousand dollars to Ghanaian highlife musician Jewel Ackah.
The donation comes after the song composer for the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) narrated plight of his ill health to Accra-based PeaceFM.
According to the ‘Joyce sane bra' singer, he has been neglected by the leadership of the NDC, singling out former national organizer of the party Yaw Boateng Gyan for praise.
“NDC does not give me money; they neglected me even in power. After that composition I became a typical NDC. I did the song for free,” he said.
The ‘me wo bi' singer who has been battling with stroke and other diseases for the past ten years disclosed he was going to use the money for medication.
Photo
BEIJING — China rejected on Monday accusations that it had used LinkedIn and other social media sites to infiltrate the German government, responding to claims from German intelligence services that more than 10,000 citizens had been targeted by Chinese spies.
In a scathing investigation released on Sunday, Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, accused Beijing of using social media to connect with lawmakers and other government employees. To win their trust, the agency said, Chinese agents posed as leaders of think tanks and headhunters, and offered all-expenses-paid trips to China and meetings with influential clients.
In Beijing on Monday, Lu Kang, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, called the investigation “complete hearsay and groundless.” He urged German officials to “speak and act more responsibly.”
The German investigation added to anxieties in Western countries about Chinese efforts to infiltrate foreign governments and businesses, in an attempt to gain a competitive advantage, especially on economic and foreign policy issues. The United States has accused China of rampant economic espionage. Australia is debating tougher laws to guard against foreign interference, amid reports that China is meddling in Australian universities and elections.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
German officials said that Chinese agents created fake profiles in hopes of “gleaning information and recruiting sources” in Germany. Chinese agents approached targets by saying they were interested in exchanging information or offering to establish contact for them with an expert on China, German officials said.
The king of Saudi Arabia is a rich man. With an estimated net worth of $1.4 trillion, his family has enough money to buy just about whatever they want.
One of the perks of the position is a gold escalator that crews roll up to his gold jumbo jet so that the 81-year-old doesn't need to bother with stairs when disembarking (Are you taking notes, President Trump?).
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But sometimes things don't go according to plan. Like on Tuesday, when the escalator got stuck after the king touched down in Moscow.
Saudi Arabia king's golden escalator stairs got stuck coming out of his airplane into Moscow in Russia yesterday. pic.twitter.com/xGKYtSvEUs — Anna Massoglia (@annalecta) October 5, 2017
After standing on the broken stairway for a seemingly interminable 27 seconds, King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud grabbed hold of the handrail and walked the rest of the way down, proving that sometimes royals really are just like the rest of us.
HOUSTON - A man is accused of trying to lure a child into a sex act last Saturday at a playground in northwest Harris County, according to law enforcement
Officials with the Harris County Precinct 4 Constables Office say deputies learned from the 7-year-old child and witnesses that a man approached the boy at the playground and offered him candy in return for joining him at his apartment.
Authorities say Thomas Keck, 40, also showed the boy a photo of a sexual nature on his phone and asked the boy if he would like to perform the act depicted in the photo. The boy said “no” and ran away from Keck, deputies say.
Deputies say they recovered Keck's phone for analysis.
Keck is charged with enticing a child with the intent to commit felony. He is out of jail on $25,000 bond.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Under New Zealand's Citizenship Act of 1948, someone can be a New Zealand citizen by descent, even without ever applying to be one.
A government website says: “If you were born overseas and at least one of your parents is a New Zealand citizen by birth or grant, you are an NZ citizen by descent. To get yourself an NZ passport, you need to register your citizenship.”
New Zealand's prime minister, Bill English, has weighed in, saying, “unwittingly or not,” Mr. Joyce is a New Zealand citizen. Mr. English said it was up to Australia to decide what implications that had.
What does Mr. Joyce say?
That he's not a New Zealander.
Asked about the matter previously, Mr. Joyce said he was on solid ground: He definitely wasn't a Kiwi. But New Zealand's Department of Internal Affairs, which issues passports, was asked to investigate further by the country's left-leaning Labour Party.
On Monday, New Zealand's internal affairs minister, Peter Dunne, told Sky News that anyone in Mr. Joyce's position was considered a New Zealander.
“New Zealand law is clear. We've had this particular case vetted by our Crown Law Office,” Mr. Dunne said.
So who's right?
The Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, seemed to think the matter was not so clear-cut. He told the Australian Parliament on Monday that he thought the High Court would uphold Mr. Joyce's eligibility and that in the meantime Mr. Joyce would remain in office.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A spokesman for the internal affairs minister reiterated the New Zealand government's position when asked on Monday.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“If Mr. Joyce came to New Zealand right now, he'd be perfectly eligible to a New Zealand passport,” said the spokesman, Rob Eaddy.
That fact is probably cold comfort for Mr. Joyce, who disputes the New Zealand government's finding and said he was leaving it for the Australian courts to decide.
Why is the Joyce case important?
As well as being the deputy prime minister, the No. 2 elected official in Australia and the highest-ranking politician so far to become embroiled in the citizenship scandal, Mr. Joyce is the key to the government's majority in the House of Representatives, the lower chamber of Parliament.
The government holds that majority by just one vote, which explains the pressure ramping up from the opposition for Mr. Joyce to step down until the matter is resolved, and the insistence from Mr. Turnbull that Mr. Joyce will stay.
Australia is also embroiled in a debate about same-sex marriage, which Mr. Joyce has opposed.
What happens next?
If the High Court decides Mr. Joyce is ineligible to be in Parliament, a by-election would be held to select a new candidate for his seat, said George Williams, the dean of the law school at the University of New South Wales.
In the meantime, the government would lose its one-seat majority and would be forced to seek support from independents to pass legislation.
What is the citizenship rule?
Under Section 44 of the Australian Constitution, anyone with dual citizenship can't sit in Parliament.
Mr. Eaddy, the internal affairs minister's spokesman, said that clause put Australia at odds with countries including the United States, Britain and Canada, where multiple citizenship is permitted for elected representatives.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Can Australia change it?
Mr. Turnbull wants the High Court to “clarify the limits on the operation” of the section of the Constitution in question.
“With around half of all Australians having a foreign-born parent, and with many foreign nations having citizenship laws which confer citizenship by descent, regardless of place of birth, the potential for many, possibly millions, of Australians unknowingly having dual citizenship is considerable,” Mr. Turnbull wrote in a letter to the opposition leader, Bill Shorten, on Monday.
How is the Australian Parliament taking all this?
About how you'd expect.
What about the reaction from New Zealand?
Are there more accidental New Zealanders in Australia's Parliament?
Mr. Eaddy, the spokesman for the internal affairs minister, said he didn't know whether other Australian lawmakers might be eligible for New Zealand citizenship, as the minister had been asked about it only in relation to Mr. Joyce's case. But he said it was possible.
“You're going to have politicians trawling through their lineage right now,” he said.
During Australian parliamentary Question Time on Monday, Christopher Pyne, a Liberal member, named four Labor Party lawmakers who he said had “much worse cases” of citizenship uncertainty.
Eriq Gilyard got the ball rolling for Maryland's 2018 recruiting class.
Less than two months after pledging to the Terrapins, Gilyard announced that he is decommitting from Maryland. The 2018 three-star linebacker revealed his decision on his Twitter account on Monday afternoon.
The news comes less than 24 hours after D.J. Durkin and his staff received a commitment from four-star Bridgeton (NJ) athlete Markquese Bell.
According to 247Sports' composite rankings, Gilyard was rated as the No. 350 recruit in the 2018 class. He was also tabbed as the No. 26 outside linebacker and the 54th-best player in the state of Florida.
The Trinity Christian Academy star had originally committed to the Terps on Nov. 17. His pledge came just 10 days after receiving an offer from Durkin and his staff.
Penn State has seven commits in the 2018 class, but no other Big Ten program had more than three pledges.
Linebacker is certainly a position that Maryland is targeting as of late. The Terps have received commitments from former Arizona pledge Bryce Brand, Good Counsel star Ayinde Eley, and Riverside Community College inside linebacker Nick Underwood.
Jesse Aniebonam, Jalen Brooks, and Jermaine Carter Jr. will all be seniors in 2017, so replenishment is definitely needed.
It's a tough blow to lose out on a talented recruit on Gilyard, who also owns offers from Alabama, Clemson, and Michigan. The abundance of offers could've been the reason for his decommitment.
However, there's still 13 months until the 2018 class will be finalized, so it's a blow that the Terps can easily absorb. There's still another month before National Signing Day, which could produce even more talent for Maryland.
More from Terrapin Station
This article originally appeared on
Premieres, Monday 19 June, 8.30pm.
In his inimitable style, Peter FitzSimons exposes heroes and villains on a journey that spans more than 170 years. Along the way, he demonstrates how mobs of every ethnicity have transformed our nation. FitzSimons sets out from the sands of Cronulla beach, site of Australia's most notorious recent race riot, to quickly reveal that this riot was no aberration.
On Demand video available for 10 days.
Iraqi PM vows to continue strikes against IS targets inside Syria – Xinhua
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Formula 1 can deliver engines that excite fans in the future without reintroducing V8 units, say leading figures involved in future rule discussions.
While F1's chiefs continue talks about new engine regulations for 2021, which will likely be for a twin-turbo V6 hybrid without an MGU-H, there remains an appetite in some quarters to bring back V8s or V10 power units.
Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff and F1's motorsport managing director Ross Brawn are adamant that improvements to the current generation of engines can please manufacturers and fans in delivering excitement and noise.
"I strongly believe F1 stands for high technology and innovation, performance," said Wolff.
"If you go back to the 1980s and '90s just because you liked it so much, it is the wrong strategy.
"The discussions we are having are really good in so far as we see what we want to keep from the current regulations.
"Cost of development needs to be under control, it needs to be high tech, hybrid, the power-to-weight ratio needs to be better than it is now, and we need to look at the quality of sound.
"We are looking at the variables of how we can achieve that, and so far everybody has been pretty much on the same path.
"I believe by the end of the year we can come to a close and say 'this is what we want to do in 2021'."
Brawn, who is working to make F1 more attractive for fans, believes calls for a return to V8s need to be put into context.
"We have a lot of fans who say we want to go back to normally aspirated engines, but then you have to ask the next question: why is that?" said Brawn, speaking last month.
"It's because it creates more emotion with the noise and the revs.
"So can we create a hybrid engine that has that noise, has the revs and has that appeal? The manufacturers involved in F1 know that that's a key element.
"They need to have a successful F1. There is no point having an engineering exercise that demonstrates your technology if nobody is watching it.
"The manufacturers know there has to be a balance of relevance, but still be able to engage the passion of the fans."
BROOKFIELD TWP., Ohio (WYTV) – Brookfield Township police are warning residents of a new scam involving fake “representatives” of a power company going to people's houses saying their power may be affected by recent electrical work.
Friday evening, an elderly woman from Steward Sharon Road reported her house had been robbed while she was in the basement.
The woman told police two men were at her house earlier saying they were employees of her power company. They told her they were working on an adjacent street, so her power might be affected.
The woman then reported that the men asked to see her breaker box, located in the basement. They then told her to stay downstairs while they checked something outside but would signal her from a basement window when they needed her to turn the breaker off.
After a lengthy amount of time, the woman saw the men's silver or grey Chevy Silverado pickup driving away, so she went upstairs and called police after noticing the men stole items from her home.
The Brookfield Township Police Department posted the incident on its Facebook page warning residents to call them if they have any information about the incident, or if they have also been victim to this scam.
The department can be reached at 330-448-6960, dispatch at 330-675-2730 or you can leave a message on their tip line at 330-969-1110.
Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, has called on Northern leaders to promote girl-child education in the region. Sanusi, during the inauguration of Aminu Dabo College of Health Sciences laboratory complex in Kano on Monday, urged the leaders to give priority to female education as they did with their male counterparts. ‎‎”The people need to […]
DETROIT, Michigan (WYTV) – The Youngstown State women's basketball team outscored Detroit Mercy 26-6 over the final 11 minutes to defeat the Titans 72-52 on Saturday at Calihan Hall.
The Penguins have now won three consecutive Horizon League road games for the first time since February 2015, beating Cleveland State by 14, Oakland by 10 and Detroit Mercy by 20. Before the current streak, they had never won three straight Horizon League road contests by double digits.
YSU had to fight through offensive struggles in the first period and a surge by the Titans in the third period to earn the win. The Penguins led 9-8 after the first and 32-23 at halftime before Detroit Mercy rallied to tie the score at 46-46 in the final minute of the third quarter.Indiya Benjamin hit a 3-pointer to spark a 5-0 YSU spurt to close out the period, and the Penguins went on to outscore Detroit Mercy 21-6 in the fourth.
Benjamin finished with 14 points and eight assists, andMary Dunn and McKenah Peters both scored 11 points for the Penguins. Brittney Jackson scored a game-high 15 points to lead the Titans.
After going 3-for-21 from the field in the first period, YSU shot 54.8 percent in the final 30 minutes to finish 26-for-63 for the game. The Penguins made 11 3-pointers, including three each by Benjamin and Peters.
Detroit Mercy was 10-for-20 from the field as it outscored YSU 23-19 in the third period, but UDM was 10-for-41 combined in the other three quarters.
YSU's first lead was 7-6 on a Benjamin basket with 4:04 left in the first period, and both teams scored just two more points the rest of the quarter as the Penguins took a 9-8 lead into the second. The teams went back and forth in the second before YSU went on a 10-3 run to turn a 15-13 deficit into a 23-18 advantage with 4:24 left. The Penguins did not trail again, and they extended the lead to nine when Benjamin hit a triple with 41 seconds remaining before halftime.
Detroit Mercy scored 10 of the first 12 points of the second half to get within 34-33 at the 7:04 mark. The teams traded seven-point spurts over the next four minutes, and the Titans eventually caught the Penguins when Gracie Roberts hit a long two-pointer with 1:06 left in the third. Benjamin answered with a 3 and Dunn followed with a layup on a pass from Chelsea Olson to set up YSU's big fourth quarter.
An Olson 3-pointer extended the lead to 54-46 a minute into the fourth, and YSU scored 13 straight points over a six-minute stretch to go up 67-50. Benjamin started the run with a 3-poiner, and Nikki Arbanas bookended it with a triple at the 2:15 mark. Anja Marinkovic provided Detroit Mercy's only field goal of the final seven minutes with 1:27 left, and YSU finished off the 20-point victory with two free throws by Arbanas and a 3-pointer by Peters.
Youngstown State will head back on the road for two more contests away from Beeghly Center next week. The Penguins will play at IUPUI on Thursday at 7 p.m. and at UIC on Saturday at 3 p.m. Eastern. Both games will be broadcast live on 1390 WNIO and ESPN 3.
COURTESY: YOUNGSTOWN STATE ATHLETICS
Share
Drone-delivered meals is now a thing in Shanghai with a new service launching in recent days on the outskirts of the Chinese city.
Hungry folks living and working in Shanghai's Jinshan Industrial Park can now fire up an app, choose their lunch or dinner, and have it delivered by … a human being.
OK, let us explain.
The drone service isn't door to door. Instead, ele.me — the Alibaba-owned company operating the service — is using the technology to increase delivery speeds by flying meals along 17 pre-defined routes, bypassing busy roads that would ordinarily ensure your meal arrives late as well as cold. The industrial park covers an area of about 22 square miles ( 58 square km) and ele.me claims it can deliver meals within just 20 minutes of being ordered, the South China Morning Post reports.
It works like this: You use the app to select a meal from one of 100 food outlets in the area. When the meal is ready, a delivery rider collects it and takes it a short distance to the nearest drone station. The drone carries the meal to the drone station nearest to your location. Another delivery rider takes the food to your door.
Ele.me said at a launch event that the drone service will reduce its operating costs by a significant amount compared to regular road-based delivery, adding that it has the potential to boost the income of its delivery personnel by as much as five times.
With a growing number of delivery companies grappling to find a workable drone platform that's both safe and efficient, ele.me's solution seems to fit the bill. With regulatory bodies worried about chaos in the skies, flying drones along fixed routes to drone stations seems like a logical approach until an effective drone air traffic control system can be devised, especially for urban areas. Other companies, Airbus among them, are looking at similar setups for package delivery by drone. Another bonus is that the system should prevent the rapid offloading of delivery personnel.
Ele.me, meanwhile, clearly sees technology as vital to its future success. Last year, it unveiled a food-delivery robot for so-called last mile deliveries inside office buildings. Chief operating officer Kang Jia said this week that his company is looking to introduce its second-generation food delivery robots, which will cover more than 500 office buildings in major Chinese cities, later this year.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa (AP) Dean Elgar hit an unbeaten 76 to anchor South Africa's innings in testing conditions on the first day of the second test against Sri Lanka at Newlands.
Elgar's battling knock allowed South Africa to go to tea on 147-4 after it had lost the toss and been asked to bat on an overcast and muggy Monday morning.
The left-hander lost opening partner Stephen Cook (0) in the first over of the day and saw Lahiru Kumara claim two wickets in one over before lunch.
Faf du Plessis (38) fell to Rangana Herath in the lead-up to tea.
But Elgar profited from playing the swinging ball late in a tricky first session, before scoring more fluently when the sun came out after lunch.
It was a memorable day for a group of 30 as they became new U.S. citizens Wednesday morning.
Their naturalization ceremony was held around 11 a.m. at the Manor House at Wildwood Metro Park.
People from all four corners of the earth gained American citizenship. Countries such as Jordan, Mexico, South Africa, Pakistan, and Canada were represented.
“I feel very happy. It's like a dream for me,” said new citizen Nourine Mahmound Albakri.
Family and friends who were there to support were just as happy for the accomplishment.
The group of 30 came to the ceremony unified and patriotic wearing red, white, and blue.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Daniele De Rossi felt Roma had a "blackout" against Liverpool at Anfield and were punished by their opponents' persistent long balls forward.
Eusebio Di Francesco's side lost 5-2 in the first leg of their semi-final tie, meaning they must replicate their 3-0 win over Barcelona in the quarter-final second leg if they are to progress to the final.
Liverpool were 5-0 up with 68 minutes played, with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino scoring twice and Sadio Mane also on the scoresheet, as the visitors failed to deal with the Reds' quick-fire passes to the front three.
However, late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti gave the visitors some hope ahead of the return fixture in the Italian capital, and De Rossi is refusing to give up.
"We have to hold on to what we did in the quarter-finals," he told Mediaset Premium. "That tells us it's not impossible and that we have a duty to try, for ourselves and, above all, the people who love Roma.
"The only difference is that, against Barcelona, I felt it was an unlucky game, with dubious incidents. We had a good first 20-25 minutes here, then we were less good at covering the space, but it's difficult to do that when they're much faster than you.
"It's not right to put conceding so many goals on the defence. We all played very aggressively, even though we had the feeling of being able to affect little in midfield because they often bypassed it. They constantly went for the long ball, from any area of the pitch.
"Today was a case of our blackout and their great quality. It won't be easy, but we have to start from here. It's not impossible and we know that."
De Rossi also praised the performance of Salah, his former team-mate having produced arguably his best performance of a spectacular season, with two goals and two assists.
"We know Salah well, we know he is a great player as well as a great person," he said. "He's improved his quality in the final third and he's becoming decisive, as we thought he would."
Arsenal manager Unai Emery revealed Calum Chambers would be part of his plans in 2018-19 after the defender signed a new long-term contract at the club.
Chambers joined Arsenal in 2014 and has since made 83 appearances, as well as having a successful loan spell at Middlesbrough in 2016-17 and picking up three England caps.
He made 24 appearances last season as Arsenal finished sixth in the Premier League and reached the Europa League semi-finals.
Emery told the club's official website: "I'm delighted Calum has extended his stay with us.
"He played an important role last season and will be part of my plans this season."
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — A mummified body discovered near the site of a former royal mausoleum in Iran may be the remains of the late Reza Shah Pahlavi, the founder of the Pahlavi dynasty and the father of the country's last shah.
The recent find of the gauze-wrapped body — and the speculation it triggered — puts new hurdles in the way of the Islamic Republic's efforts to fully erase the country's dynastic past, which includes the jack-hammered destruction of the autocrat's tomb immediately after the 1979 revolution.
Yet, as disaffection and economic problems grow ahead of the Islamic Revolution's 40th anniversary, mystique around Iran's age of monarchies persists even with its own history of abuses.
Reza Shah's grandson, the U.S.-based exiled Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi, already tweeted about it as forensic experts in Iran try to determine whose body they found.
Construction workers discovered the mummified remains while working at the Shiite shrine of Abdul Azim, whose minarets once rose behind Reza Shah's own mausoleum. A digger pulling away dirt and debris uncovered the body, according to the semi-official ISNA news agency.
Pictures of the body, as well as construction workers posing with it, quickly ricocheted across social media in Iran.
A spokesman for the shrine dismissed the idea of a mummy being found there. However, Hassan Khalilabadi, the head of Tehran City Council's cultural heritage and tourism committee, was quoted by the state-run IRNA news agency on Monday that it's “possible” the mummy is the body of Reza Shah.
Authorities say they'll need to conduct DNA tests to confirm whose body it is.
State television has yet to report on the find, likely due to complications that mentioning the Pahlavis can entail.
State media typically refer to the Persian dynasties, including the Pahlavis, as “despotic,” focusing on the abuses of the monarchy's feared SAVAK intelligence agency and their once-lavish lifestyles.
Reza Shah's own rise gave birth to modern Iran itself, then still called Persia until he ordered foreign diplomats to cease using the name. He came to power in 1925, ruling as an absolute autocrat who used taxes and the country's burgeoning oil revenues to rapidly modernize the nation.
His decisions echo today, particularly his 1936 decree banning women from wearing long, flowing black robes known as chadors. He ordered men to wear Western clothes and bring their wives to public functions with their hair uncovered, borrowing from the secularization of Turkey's first President Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, a contemporary.
The ban became a source of humiliation for some pious Muslim women in the country. Shiite clerics, angry over his secular beliefs, purges and mass arrests of opponents, held grudges that would foment the coming revolution. Controversies over the chador and hijab persist in Iran today.
Iran's strong trade ties with Germany, Reza Shah's push for neutrality amid the coming of World War II and Western fears over its oil supplies falling to the Nazis ultimately sparked a Russian-British invasion of the country in 1941. Reza Shah abdicated in favour of his son, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, at the insistence of the occupying British forces.
Reza Shah ended up in South Africa, dying there in 1944. His body was taken to Cairo, mummified and held for years before returning to Iran. A grand mausoleum near Tehran held his body for years, which then-President Richard Nixon visited in 1972.
After 1979, however, Islamists viewed the mausoleum as an affront.
Iranian cleric Ayatollah Sadegh Khalkhali, who ordered the executions of hundreds after the revolution, led a mob of supporters who used sledgehammers, jack hammers and other tools to demolish the mausoleum.
Khalkhali later would write in his memoirs that he believed the shah's family took Reza Shah's body when they fled the country. The shah's family, however, maintained the body remained in Iran. His son Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was buried in Cairo after dying of cancer in 1980.
Today, Iran's youth remain fascinated by the time before the revolution. Television period pieces have focused on the Pahlavi dynasty, including the recent state TV series “The Enigma of the Shah,” the most expensive series ever produced to air in the country. While incorporating romances or mobsters into the tales, all shows uniformly criticize the royal court.
Reza Shah's grandson, Reza Pahlavi, has seen his profile rise following the election of President Donald Trump, who appears to hold the future of the Iran nuclear deal in the balance. From exile, the crown prince has agitated for an end to Iran's theocracy — though gauging national sentiment about restoring the monarchy remains impossible.
Pahlavi took to Twitter on Monday night to tell Iranian officials he is watching what they will do next with the body.
“I warn the responsible authorities not to hide anything,” he wrote.
——
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/jongambrellap. His work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
ATLANTA (AP) Atlanta coach Mike Budenholzer finally has his first win over Gregg Popovich, his longtime former boss in San Antonio.
It took career and season-high points from Tim Hardaway Jr. and Paul Millsap, respectively, to make it happen.
Hardaway matched his career high with 29 points, including a tying 3-pointer with 3.3 seconds remaining in regulation, and the Hawks beat the Spurs 114-112 in overtime on Sunday night.
Budenholzer, in his fourth season as Atlanta's coach, had been 0-6 against San Antonio.
Millsap scored a season-high 32 points and had 13 rebounds for the Hawks, who snapped a string of 11 straight losses to San Antonio since 2010.
”It's great to get this win against a really good team and it's good to get it for Bud,” Millsap said. ”He's happy to have it under his belt.”
Budenholzer spent 19 years with the Spurs, the last 17 as an assistant. He downplayed his personal motivation.
”You know, I was there for a long time,” Budenholzer said. ”A lot of things we've tried to bring here … but at the end of the day it's a game for our players.”
Popovich knew the win meant more than Budenholzer revealed.
”If we're going to lose, it's good to feel somebody on the other end was made happy,” Popovich said.
It was only San Antonio's third loss in 19 road games.
Hardaway scored nine points in overtime, including the go-ahead free throw with 10.8 seconds remaining. He missed the second free throw but Millsap grabbed the rebound. Dennis Schroder also made only one of two attempts with 3.9 seconds remaining.
Kawhi Leonard missed a last-second layup for San Antonio in overtime. Leonard also had a potential winning short jumper spin around the rim before falling out to end regulation.
LaMarcus Aldridge had 27 points and 13 rebounds to lead San Antonio.
The Hawks couldn't hold a 110-104 lead in overtime. Leonard's 3-pointer tied it at 112-all.
TIP-INS
Spurs: Tony Parker had 22 points, and Gasol had 18. … The loss ended a four-game winning streak. … Manu Ginobili had 10 points but other backups combined for only 13 as the bench was outscored by Atlanta's reserves 49-23.
Hawks: Atlanta's last win over the Spurs was a 119-114 overtime victory on March 21, 2010. … F Mike Scott was assigned to the Long Island Nets of the NBA Development League, his third D-League assignment of the season. … Dennis Schroder had 16 points and 10 assists.
STREAKING
Millsap scored Atlanta's last six points in the third and first 11 in the fourth period for 17 consecutive points. He and finished with 15 in the fourth period.
”I was just being aggressive, trying to make something happen,” he said. ”I felt like we were real sluggish offensively at that point so I just tried to get something going for us and then Tim came in and did a great job.”
FEELING BETTER
Leonard had 13 points in his return to the starting lineup after missing two games with a stomach virus. He made only 3 of 12 shots from the field. Leonard leads the Spurs with his average of 24.4 points per game but said he was ”just trying to work my way back in” against Atlanta.
”Taking all that medicine and stuff made me a little weary out there,” he said.
ROAD KINGS
The Spurs' 16-2 mark through 18 road games before the loss was tied for the second-best in NBA history, trailing only a 17-1 mark by the 1971-72 Lakers. San Antonio won its first 13 road games.
UP NEXT
Spurs: Return to San Antonio to play Toronto on Tuesday.
Hawks: Travel to Orlando to play the Magic on Wednesday.
Japan's Yuya Osako scores a goal in the last half during a friendly soccer match against New Zealand in Toyota, central Japan Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Yohei Kanesashi/Kyodo News via AP)
TOYOTA, Japan (AP) — Yuya Osako and Shu Kurata scored second-half goals Friday as Japan beat New Zealand 2-1 in a friendly.
With three minutes left, Kurata scored with a header off a pass from Hiroki Sakai.
New Zealand managed to keep Japan off the scoreboard in the first half, but the hosts scored in the 50th minute. Hotaru Yamaguchi earned a spot kick with a shot from outside the box that went off the right arm of Andrew Durante. Osako calmly converted for his seventh international goal.
Chris Wood equalized for New Zealand nine minutes later.
"We may have won but it was not easy at all," Japan coach Vahid Halilhodzic said. "New Zealand defended very well."
Japan hosts Haiti in Yokohama on Tuesday.
The Detroit Pistons shook up their struggling roster in dramatic fashion, acquiring star forward Blake Griffin in a trade with the Los Angeles Clippers.
The Pistons announced the deal early Tuesday morning. Detroit sent forward Tobias Harris, guard Avery Bradley and center Boban Marjanovic to Los Angeles, with the Clippers also receiving draft picks. Detroit also acquired forward Brice Johnson and center Willie Reed in the deal.
"We are serious about winning, and this is a major move to improve our team," Pistons owner Tom Gores said in a statement. "Blake Griffin is one of the NBA's elite players, and when you get an opportunity to add that kind of talent, you take it."
Griffin is averaging 22.6 points, 7.9 rebounds and 5.4 assists in 33 games this season, but the Clippers have been plagued by injuries and are ninth in the Western Conference standings.
Detroit is scuffling as well. The Pistons have lost eight straight heading into Tuesday night's game against Cleveland.
The 28-year-old Griffin has been the face of the Clippers, and last July, he agreed to a $171 million, five-year deal, ending a brief flirtation with free agency. He told his teammates, coach Doc Rivers and owner Steve Ballmer, "I want my legacy to be a Clipper."
The deal didn't include a no-trade clause.
The addition of Griffin gives Detroit's frontcourt another standout alongside Andre Drummond, but it also represents a clear change in course from the roster the Pistons had assembled. Detroit acquired Bradley in a trade with Boston last offseason, but he's in the final season of his contract. Harris has been impressive for the Pistons this season, shooting a career-best 41 percent from 3-point range.
"The move is not without risk. We gave up a lot to get him, including Tobias Harris — one of the hardest-working, highest-character players I know — and two high-quality young men in Avery Bradley and Boban Marjanovic," Gores said. "But we are very excited to bring Blake Griffin to Detroit. He is a great fit for our team and will bring a combination of toughness and athleticism that will elevate our team and excite our fans."
Detroit's season was looking promising until a late-December injury to point guard Reggie Jackson. The Pistons have stumbled while he's been out with a sprained right ankle, and the team is facing the prospect of missing the playoffs in its first season at its new downtown arena.
Detroit's next six games are at home, so the Pistons will have a chance to turn this season around — and an opportunity to build for a future with both Griffin and Drummond.
"His presence will help us offensively and his size gives us another rebounder and weapon in the paint," said Stan Van Gundy, Detroit's coach and team president. "Willie Reed and Brice Johnson are two young players that give us size and depth."
For the Clippers, moving Griffin continues a makeover of a franchise that has never made it past the second round of the playoffs.
The Clippers traded All-Star point guard Chris Paul to Houston last summer. He had been credited with bringing respectability to the team that was once the laughingstock of the league. Without Paul, Los Angeles won its first four games to open the season, and then lost nine of its next 11. The team is one game above .500 going into Tuesday night's game against Portland.
Paul's replacement, Patrick Beverley, has missed the entire season after right knee surgery. Also missing time have been DeAndre Jordan, Danilo Gallinari, Austin Rivers and Milos Teodosic.
Los Angeles receives a protected first-round draft choice and a second-round pick from the Pistons.
The Clippers drafted Griffin first overall out of Oklahoma in 2009. However, he missed the 2009-10 season after surgery on his broken left kneecap, the first of several injuries that have marred his career.
Griffin missed 21 games last season and 47 in 2015-16 because of injuries.
As a rookie, he was an All-Star, won the slam dunk contest and was named NBA Rookie of the Year.
He has averaged 21.6 points, 9.3 rebounds and 4.2 assists in his career.
Even before the Pistons announced the deal, there was plenty of reaction on social media Monday night. Harris had a message on his accounts thanking Detroit for its support. Griffin's Twitter account had its own message with no words — just an image of actor Will Smith with a surprised expression on his face.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
___
AP Sports Writer Beth Harris contributed to this report.
