Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage girl appeared to steal a kitten and stuff it into her handbag inside a pet shop.
In CCTV footage, the teen appears to grab the 10-week-old tabby from a cage, but manages to drop it on the ground, before appearing to scoop it up and throw it into her bag
According to the Manchester Evening News another woman can be seen laughing in the background, before the girl walks out with the female kitten.
The cage at Sunderlands Pets, in the Openshaw area of Manchester, was apparently locked with a padlock, but it is thought she managed to get inside via an unsecured part of the cage.
The incident took place on Friday, June 12, at around 3.45pm and has been reported to police.
Pet shop owner Claire Turner said she "can't stop crying" and is desperate to get the kitten back.
She told the Manchester Evening News: "It is very upsetting, it is awful I can't stop thinking where it has gone and who it is with.
"I am a massive cat lover.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
"We don't make money out of it. I love what I do. We don't sell them cheap, we want them to go to people who are thinking about it.”
Claire added: "It is just so sad. This has happened before, we have had a couple of tortoises stolen in the past.
"It is not about the money, but it is who has the kitten gone to, who is going to be looked after?
"We make sure when we sell them they are going to good homes."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New images show what a development of more than 100 new homes may look like in St Werburghs.
The images are artists' impressions, released by developers Acorn Property, and show what may lie in store for the old Brooks Dye Works site.
The Brooks development will see 81 new homes built on the former industrial site with the iconic chimney retained as well as some commercial space and an extension to neighbouring Mina Park.
The plans have been in the works for a long time, with consultations and alterations taking place at the request of council planners.
(Image: Acorn Property Group)
The proposals for the new development have now passed planning and developers say construction work is due to begin in the next few weeks with the main work starting in the autumn.
(Image: Google)
The former Brooks Laundry dates back to the 19th century when the site was used for industrial units by Brooks Dyers and Cleaners.
The site has sat empty after being cleared of most of the old industrial buildings while planners and developers wrangled over what the new development should look like.
(Image: Acorn Property Group)
The plans, drawn up by architects Ferguson and Mann, show the old warehouse buildings replaced with two, three and four-bedroom houses with new paths through the 3.83-acre site linking parts of St Werburghs together.
As well as the 81 private residential homes, there will also 24 affordable homes in the form of intermediate rented and shared ownership properties, bringing the total for the development to 105.
(Image: Bristol City Council Planning Portal)
Surrounding road Southey and Seveir Street will be widened to provide car parking spaces.
(Image: Acorn Property Group)
Robin Squire, Regional Managing Director of Acorn Property Group's Bristol office said: “Brooks Dye Works is an important regeneration scheme in the heart of St Werburghs and we're excited to be bringing the site back into use after being vacant for over ten years as well as opening up the development onto Mina Park.
"We're pleased to be delivering some much-needed new build private and affordable homes within the city and we've worked hard with the council to maintain the delivery of affordable houses as well as apartments. We look forward to starting on site this autumn.”
OTTAWA — Only weeks after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada was prepared to offer helicopters, aircraft and hundreds of troops to peacekeeping, the number of Canadians on UN missions reached a new low, new figures indicate.
Canada had a total of 43 peacekeepers deployed around the world at the end of December, according to the most recent UN numbers, down from 62 in November.
The decline, largely the result of a reduction in the number of Canadian police officers deployed to Haiti, means Canada has fewer peacekeepers in the field than at any point since the 1950s.
That's despite the Liberals having repeatedly promised to ramp up Canada's contributions to UN missions — most recently by pledging equipment, troops and trainers at a peacekeeping summit that Canada hosted in November.
Canadian and UN officials say the two sides are working to identify when and where those pledges will be utilized, but they have declined to provide any timeline for when a decision will come.
Walter Dorn, an expert on peacekeeping at the Canadian Forces College in Toronto who has been tracking the numbers, said the current situation is shameful given the Trudeau government's repeated promises.
"Canada is at its lowest level since Lester B. Pearson proposed the first peacekeeping force in 1956," Dorn said. "This is hypocrisy, coming after the promises and lofty rhetoric of the Vancouver ministerial."
The Liberals promised during the last federal election to renew Canada's commitment to peacekeeping, and pledged in August 2016 to make up to 600 troops and 150 police officers available for future missions.
Canada had 112 peacekeepers in the field at the time of that promise.
Trudeau announced in Vancouver in November that Canada was offering helicopters, a transport aircraft and a 200-member rapid reaction force for use on UN missions, as well as trainers to help other countries with peacekeeping.
As the Eid vacation approaches we consider the kind of breaks that appeal to the traveller wanting more. From an immersive spa experience to cater to every holistic and self-centric whim to elevated homestays and the ultimate diving destination, here we share our edit of destinations to fly to from Dubai this Eid.
Nestled in the Indian Ocean, Baros's pristine blue waters are perfect for experienced and aspiring divers
Where: Baros, Maldives Best for: Diving in exquisite surroundings Flight time: 4 hours Baros is a favourite among the GCC jet set, offering a private and luxurious sanctuary but with a heavy focus on underwater experiences and adventures. The clear waters and underwater marine life around the island offer the perfect platform to hone diving skills or pick it up as a new hobby. Fluo Night Dives transform the underwater view and result in a rare out of world diving experience and in order to educate travellers and conserve the reefs surrounding the resort, Baros aoffer coral gardening workshops enabling guests to learn the propagation process of coral regeneration. The activity is conducted by the resort's resident Marine Biologist and is designed to change guests' perspective on their surroundings and understand the importance of preserving and maintaining the island and its underwater life.
Palazzo di Varignana Resort & Spa is an ideal base to explore Italy's renowned art cities such as Florence, Verona and Venice
Where: Palazzo di Varignana Resort, Bologna, Italy Best for: A serene spa experience Flight time: 6 hours A quintessential 18th-century country residence located in the emerging Emilia-Romagna region of Italy, the 90-room Palazzo di Varignana Resort & Spa boasts the huge 3.700 square-foot VarSana Spa which makes it the ideal Eid escape for those looking to refresh and reflect. Treatments range from facials for every skin type, to body wraps, scrubs and massages, as well as multiple beauty services including mani/pedis, make-up application and hair styling. Holistic approaches, multi-disciplinary wellness, customised circuits, and sprawling indoor and outdoor spaces, define the experience while the new Fusion Spa offers a space for authentic multi-cultural wellness practices like Hammam and Turkish baths and the Suntory Spa mimics a Ryokan (a Japanese inn that served travellers in the mid 1600s-1800s) traditionally designed in wood, rice paper, tatami and Ofuro (baths). In addition, The VarSana Spa includes a water circuit incorporating a number of soaking tubs, sensory showers, a bio-sauna, a Finnish sauna, steam baths, ice waterfalls, sound baths, Kneipp circuits, and a swimming pool with water jets and water blades.
Just 15 minutes from Downtown Dubai, Desert Palm PER AQUUM is one of the UAE's better-kept secrets
Where: Desert Palm Per Aquum Best for: A secluded staycation Flight time: N/A One of Dubai's hidden gems the Desert Palm Per Aquum offers true tranquility. Boasting simple yet striking architecture, fusing Arabian Avant-Garde style with contemporary design, there's the sense of the exotic giving you the feeling of fleeing the city without the need to travel. Bespoke spa treatments, healthy dining options under the stars and lavish afternoon teas overlooking lush green polo fields are all part of the allure. Villas each showcase their own distinctive design offering an abundance of natural lighting looking upon lush gardens or the dazzling city skyline and private pools from which to recline and welcome the long weekend in.
Rising environmental awareness coupled with the cachet of ‘eco' destinations is driving demand for resorts like Caresse Bodrum
As the Trump administration rolled out new rules allowing companies to opt out of providing contraception coverage on religious and moral grounds, Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker reiterated his support for such coverage.
The rules, an effort to roll back a mandate under Obamacare, would allow companies to claim an objection for religious or moral reasons and deny contraception coverage for women. Before the Trump administration's revision, federal rules called for most companies to cover contraception at no additional cost to the employee.
The new rule could cost women across the country $25 million a year in out-of-pocket expenses for birth control, according to Maura Healey, the Massachusetts attorney general who pledged to sue the Trump administration over the move.
"The Baker-Polito Administration fully supports access to women's health and family planning services and will protect access to these services in Massachusetts," Lizzy Guyton, Baker's communications director, said in a statement.
Baker, a Republican, said in March he would use state funds to cover any federal cuts to Planned Parenthood if necessary.
Employers can now opt out of providing low cost birth control by citing religious, moral objections
Legislative proposals under review at the Massachusetts State House would maintain the contraception coverage.
"Governor Baker also supports compromise language submitted this week by Massachusetts' insurers, Planned Parenthood and legislators to protect health care access for women," Guyton added Friday.
The Massachusetts Medical Society released a statement from its president, Henry Dorkin, condemned the Trump administration's new rules and said they have legislation that would blunt the impact of the rules.
Birth control is "essential medical care," he said.
"In the face of a federal rollback of these important protections, the Massachusetts Medical Society is grateful to our elected officials, who are pursuing innovative approaches toward expanding birth control access for women and families across the state," he continued.
Insurers, reproductive health advocates reach compromise on no-copay birth control for Mass. women
The State House legislation they support would "actually take steps to ensure greater access to a range of forms of contraception for both men and women, including emergency contraception and highly effective long-acting reversible contraceptives," according to Dorkin.
Healey, a Democrat who has filed multiple lawsuits against the Trump administration, said she's filing a lawsuit Friday and called President Donald Trump's new rules an "attack on women's health care."
"We're suing to stop this rule and protect access to birth control," Healey told reporters on a conference call.
Massachusetts bill would require no co-pay birth control, even if 'Obamacare' repealed
Four of the top five seeds survived: No. 1 Villanova, No. 2 Purdue, No. 3 Texas Tech and No. 5 West Virginia. And the Wildcats (32-4) will have the shortest travel (about 315 miles) by heading to Boston as they pursue a second national title in three seasons.
"My good vibes are coming from how this team's playing, how unselfishly they play," Villanova coach Jay Wright said after Saturday's win against Alabama .
"Honestly, we don't care where we play. Boston is a great town, old Big East town like Pittsburgh. We stir up old Big East feelings. We like that."
Villanova meets the Mountaineers (26-10) in one semifinal Friday, while the Boilermakers (30-6) face the Red Raiders (26-9) in the other.
One storyline to watch: the status of 7-foot-2 Purdue centre Isaac Haas, who broke his elbow in the first-round win against Cal State Fullerton. Haas warmed up before Sunday's win against Butler but an official said shortly before tipoff that the big man's brace hadn't been approved for competition.
___
MIDWEST
Consider this one an ACC Invitational.
Three of the four teams to advance to Omaha, Nebraska, are from the ACC: No. 2 Duke, No. 5 Clemson and No. 11 Syracuse. They'll join top-seeded Kansas , with regional semifinals set for Friday.
The Jayhawks (29-7) are trying to return to the Final Four for the first time since 2012 after two straight regional-final losses. They'll face the Tigers (25-9), who are in their first NCAA Tournament since 2011 and their first Sweet 16 since 1997.
The Blue Devils (28-7) meet the Orange (23-13), who took out third-seeded Michigan State on Sunday.
Duke and Syracuse met in Cameron Indoor Stadium on Feb. 24, with the Blue Devils holding the Orange to 32 per cent shooting in a 60-44 win . The rematch will mark the second NCAA Tournament matchup between Hall of Famers Mike Krzyzewski and Jim Boeheim, with Coach K's Blue Devils winning one in the Sweet 16 in 1998.
___
WEST
Things were set to go to form Sunday, only to see top-seeded Xavier and No. 2 North Carolina lose. Now Big Ten champion Michigan headlines the quartet in Los Angeles.
The third-seeded Wolverines (30-7) — who beat Houston on a last-second 3-pointer — will meet seventh-seeded Texas A&M (22-12) after the Aggies blew out the reigning champion Tar Heels in their home state.
Fourth-seeded Gonzaga (32-4) will face ninth-seeded Florida State (22-11) after the Seminoles' upset of the Musketeers .
"I think what you see happening in college basketball, it's almost like a revolution," FSU coach Leonard Hamilton said. "And what happens is you start categorizing people by the reputation that their players get going into college.
"But in reality, kids are playing basketball all over the country and teams are getting better."
___
SOUTH
This is where there was the most March Madness.
None of the top-four seeds advanced, the first time in tournament history that has happened in a region. So the games in Atlanta will now be headlined by 5-seed Kentucky (26-10).
The Wildcats (26-10) followed their run to the Southeastern Conference Tournament title by surviving an upset bid from Davidson then beating Buffalo — which had upset fourth-seeded Arizona . They'll face another set of Wildcats on Thursday in ninth-seeded Kansas State (24-11), which ended UMBC's historic weekend in Charlotte.
The other game features 7-seed Nevada (29-7), which tied the tournament's second-biggest comeback by rallying from 22 down to beat No. 2 seed Cincinnati. The Wolf Pack faces No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago (30-5), which advanced against No. 6 seed Miami and No. 3 seed Tennessee on final-seconds shots.
"We told the guys before, look at today alone: Michigan State, North Carolina, basically at home losing today," Kansas State coach Bruce Weber said.
"It's what makes March Madness special and it kills the coaches because it's so hard and you think you have a great team. Matchups are important. Making the plays, having the right mojo at the right time."
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
By Aaron Beard, The Associated Press
Bengaluru: Karnataka Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy said on Wednesday that saving farmers was the priority of his government. He also promised to honour his commitment to waive farm loans within 15 days.
Kumaraswamy, under attack from the BJP over the alleged delay in fulfilling his pre-poll assurance to the farming community, met representatives of farmers groups and progressive peasants to discuss the problems faced by them. "We will come to a decision in 15 days. In 15 days, it will get completely implemented... Whatever may be the difficulty, our government is committed to maintaining fiscal discipline, and also saving you (farmers)," he told the meeting after listening to farmers for about three hours.
Kumaraswamy said he and Deputy CM G Parameshwara will discuss the issue with Congress president Rahul Gandhi. He added that he would call a meeting of representatives of nationalised banks in 2-3 days and seek information about farm loans extended by them.
The meeting was attended by Parameshwara, deputy leader of opposition in the Assembly Govinda Karajola (BJP), and senior officials of the state government. In the run-up to the Assembly polls, the JD(S) leader had promised to write off agricultural loans totalling a whopping Rs 53,000 crore within 24 hours of coming to power.
I am committed to waiveoff farmers' crop loans. As promised within 6days of assuming office, I have called the farmers to deliberate on the issue. Today inthe meeting farmers have given me their suggestions&insights on how, for whom, and to what extent loans should be waived.1/n — CM of Karnataka (@CMofKarnataka) May 30, 2018
I am taking #Farmers into confidence &will go by their suggestions onthe issue. I have directed officials to frame modalities accordingly in 15days.
I assure the decision will be inline with farmers'demands, and I will not do somersault like the former CM @BSYBJP onthe issue.2/n — CM of Karnataka (@CMofKarnataka) May 30, 2018
Not just me, even farmers will not accept or agree any politician's attempt to politicise this issue. 3/3#farmloanwaiver — CM of Karnataka (@CMofKarnataka) May 30, 2018
Meanwhile, BJP's Karnataka unit chief and Leader of Opposition in the Assembly, BS Yeddyurappa, on Wednesday threatened to launch a stir against the state government accusing Kumaraswamy of "betraying" farmers on the farm waiver loan issue. He said that the CM told a meeting of farmers that he would waive loans of small and marginal farmers in 15 days and think about the rest in the second phase, but "he had promised to waive Rs 53,000 crore loan. Is he playing political drama?"
CM @hd_kumaraswamy has betrayed the farmers of Karnataka by going back on his promise of waiving the farm loans of ₹53,000 crore completely in one go. @BJP4Karnataka will leave no stone unturned in ensuring that the govt waives off every single farm loan of our Annadatas. — B.S. Yeddyurappa (@BSYBJP) May 30, 2018
Yeddyurappa was invited to attend the meeting chaired by Kumaraswamy with farmers' organisations today, but he had deputed Karajol on his behalf. Yeddyurappa asked, "If you (CM) had to ask Rahul Gandhi, why did you announce Rs 53,000 crore farm loan waiver ahead of the election? Why did you say in Delhi that you will resign if you can't waive the loan? You are trying to betray people. No farmer will believe you, I condemn your act of betrayal..."
(With PTI inputs)
"A major component of this training includes a variety of scenarios that are designed to evaluate officer's skills in effectively communicating with people in crisis and those who are suffering from a possible mental disorder," said an email from the union.
Meanwhile, recruits at the Ontario Police College are now receiving more training, as are a number of police forces around the province, though it's yet to be a provincewide standard, said Dube.
Christian Leuprecht, a professor at Royal Military College in Kingston, Ont., who studies policing and security issues, said Lam's actions were "textbook" examples of the latest approaches.
The result is a suspect who is now in custody and who may be able to shed light on why the devastating incident occurred, he said.
Police say Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is the lone suspect in the attack. He was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
At a news conference Tuesday, Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said: "Our officer defaulted to his training and as a result we have successful outcomes."
Leuprecht noted how Lam only stood up after carefully observing the suspect and determining he didn't have a gun.
Lam spoke loudly and calmly, even as the suspect encouraged the officer to shoot him. When he claimed to have a gun in his pocket, Lam replied, "I don't care," and repeatedly instructed him to "Get down."
Leuprecht said Lam seemed to go further than some others might have when he decided to approach and arrest the suspect, rather than wait for backup.
"There's an impressive moment when he takes his firearm, puts it in his holster, he goes over with his baton, and he handcuffs the individual," he said.
"I think that goes above and beyond the call of duty. He could have had a knife. He could have had a suicide belt."
However, the university professor, who is currently teaching in Australia, says if the constable had waited for backup, the situation might have escalated and had a different outcome.
"The opportunity to ensure the individual could no longer pose a chance of harm to himself or to others is what that officer jumped at," said Leuprecht.
McCormack said while additional training is a factor, he knows Lam well enough to say his personality factored in.
He described him as an intelligent, relatively young officer who is highly skilled and trained.
McCormack says the constable — who is in his 30s — positioned himself well so that he could see precisely what was unfolding before him.
"By his actions he did not perceive the threat to escalate and that is why he did not use his firearm," he said.
— With files from Alison Auld in Halifax.
By Michael Tutton, The Canadian Press
TORONTO — Canadian writer and actor William (Bill) Whitehead has died.
HarperCollins Publishers says he died Thursday in Toronto after recently being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. He was 86.
Whitehead was known for his work at the CBC, where he wrote many seasons of "The Nature of Things," for which he won several awards.
He was also the longtime partner of the late Canadian author Timothy Findley, with whom he collaborated on many radio and TV scripts, including the miniseries "The National Dream: Building the Impossible Railway."
The two were together for over 40 years and met when the Regina-raised Whitehead was acting at the Red Barn Theatre in Jackson's Point, north of Toronto.
When Findley died, Whitehead edited a collection of his work in "Journeyman: Travels with a Writer," published in 2003.
"Bill was the person who made (Findley's) life and art possible, creating the space that allowed (him) to write the works of fiction that made him one of the most beloved authors in the country," Iris Tupholme, senior vice-president and executive publisher of HarperCollins Publishers Ltd., said in a statement.
"Although (Findley's) stature sometimes seemed to overshadow Bill's contributions, Bill was a successful actor, scriptwriter and author himself. Quick with a clever turn of phrase, a telling anecdote and an actor's skill at delivering a great punchline, Bill delighted in the world of the theatre and loved an audience."
In 2012, Whitehead published the memoir "Words to Live By," which was nominated for the Stephen Leacock Medal for humour.
Marc Cote, publisher of "Words to Live By," said Whitehead had a "straight-ahead approach to life."
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkey's prime minister on Tuesday called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will give sweeping new powers to the office of the president.
Binali Yildirim made the call during an address to legislators from his ruling party, as the country's main opposition party prepared to apply to the country's highest electoral board to seek an annulation of Sunday's vote which gave President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's “yes” camp a narrow win.
The Republican People's Party, or CHP, called for the vote on the referendum to be annulled citing a series of irregularities, particularly an electoral board decision to accept ballots that didn't bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law.
Monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, who also listed numerous irregularities, said the move undermined important election safeguards, drawing a harsh rebuke from Erdoğan.
Advertisement
“Efforts to cast a shadow on the result of the vote by spreading rumors of fraud are futile and in vain,” Yildirim said. “The will of the people was freely reflected into the ballot boxes and this business is over. Everyone and all sections — and the main opposition party in particular— must show respect. It is wrong to speak after the people have spoken.”
The vote allows Erdoğan, who has ruled Turkey first as prime minister and now as president since 2003, to fulfill his long-held ambition for a presidency with executive powers.
The referendum approves 18 constitutional amendments that allow the president to appoint ministers, senior government officials and to hold sway over who sits in Turkey's highest judicial body, as well as to issue decrees and declare states of emergency.
The new system takes effect at the next election, currently slated for November 2019. Other changes are to be implemented sooner, including scrapping a requirement that the president not be a member of any political party. This would allow Erdoğan to rejoin the governing AK Party he co-founded, or to lead it.
On Tuesday, Yildirim said Erdoğan would be invited to join the party as soon as the official results are declared.
“We will invite our founding chairman to our party and we will feel a huge elation to see him among us,” he said.
Meanwhile, OSCE monitors were seen entering the Supreme Electoral Board headquarters. Tana de Zulueta, head of the observer mission, told reporters that the group had paid a courtesy call and held a “cordial” meeting with board members.
Asked to comment about Erdoğan's rebuke, de Zulueta said: “I don't have an opinion, we are invited by the Turkish authorities to observe. We share our report and we completed our mandate.”
In Istanbul, hundreds of “no” supporters demonstrated in the streets on Monday, chanting “thief, murderer, Erdoğan” and banging pots and pans.
President Donald Trump, meanwhile, ignored the concerns about voting irregularities and congratulated Erdoğan on his referendum victory. The two leaders also discussed Turkey's support of the U.S. response to a Syrian chemical weapon attack and efforts to counter the Islamic State group, according to the White House statement on their phone call Monday.
Kinder Morgan is nothing less than reconciliation on trial. The company's recent claims to the "untenable" economics of the Trans Mountain pipeline may derail the project for now, but there will be other pipelines, and the problem of jurisdiction will not go away.
Today, Justin Trudeau fights tirelessly to assert national jurisdiction to see the planned pipeline to completion. In the face of extraordinary Indigenous resistance to the Trans Mountain project, and without a trace of the tears that fell for reconciliation, Trudeau asserts that this infrastructure is "in the national interest and it will get built."
Infrastructure development has always driven Indian policy in Canada, laying the blueprint for national economic ambition. Train and telegraph lines gave shape to the numbered treaties. Trade routes forged the navigation maps for roads and highways. Forts became settlements and cities. Infrastructure transformed homelands into frontiers of extraction leaving a meagre land base of 0.2 per cent of the country to Indigenous peoples.
When Canada was born in 1867, it barely existed as a physical space. To make it into a country, it needed land, and to access the land and bring it under settler control, it needed infrastructure.
Confederation was contingent on the building of national infrastructure — the Intercolonial Railway and the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) were conditions for provinces in signing the Constitution. The Constitution in turn authorizes national authority over the same infrastructure. The CPR, which John A. Macdonald deemed "the spine of the nation" was at once the materialization of Canadian claims to legal jurisdiction and the writ of dispossession for Indigenous land.
Colonial interpretations of treaty signing ceremonies were parsimonious at best. So-called land "surrenders" paved the way for the CPR, built not only through land thefts, but through exploited Chinese and black lives and labour, and financed by Barings — a bank that reaped its wealth through the transatlantic slave trade. Revelstoke, a town built on unceded Secwepemc land, was named for the man who secured the funding through his family's bank.
Secwepemc territory is now at the centre of another infrastructure project that is shaping the balance of power in Canada. Secwepemceluw in the south central interior of British Columbia is the largest contiguous length the proposed Trans Mountain pipeline will traverse.
Historically and in the present, it is through the claim to jurisdiction — and the materialization of these claims through infrastructure — that Canada attempts to "replace" established Indigenous legal systems with their own.
Struggles over energy and extractive infrastructures have been fierce in recent years, demonstrating the deepening problem of Indigenous jurisdiction to business-as-usual in Canada. From the Site C Dam to the Ring of Fire to Muskrat Falls. As water and land protectors are hauled off from protest sites, we cannot forget how infrastructures have been the literal backbone of this country, and are always entangled with the legal problem of Canada.
Those who work in the construction sector rely on this "colonial infrastructure" to survive. But these jobs are short-lived and pit the vulnerability of resource sector workers against Indigenous peoples in a tradition of Canadian economic policy that fails to reconcile profit with ecological integrity and respect for Indigenous governance over their lands, territories, and resources.
Jalen Beeks, who played at Arkansas with Red Sox star rookie Andrew Benintendi, allowed just one run, two hits and two walks while striking out six batters but Triple-A Pawtucket lost 5-2 to Columbus on Sunday.
Beeks, a 24-year-old lefty, is having a breakout season after adding a cutter to his repertoire.
He began the season at Double-A Portland where he went 5-1 with a 2.19 ERA, 1.16 WHIP and one complete game shutout in nine starts (49 1/3 innings). He held the opposition to a .199 batting average.
He has posted a 5-4 record, 3.04 ERA and 1.12 WHIP in 13 starts (74 innings) since his promotion to Pawtucket. The opposition has batted .217 against him.
Jake Romanski -- who is not on the 40-man roster but is a depth option at catcher -- went 2-for-3 with a walk and RBI. He's 6-for-21 (.286) in six games at Pawtucket.
Blake Swihart returned to the PawSox roster Sunday after a rehab assignment with the Gulf Coast Red Sox. He went 0-for-4 with a strikeout as the DH.
Chad De La Guerra batting .321
Keep an eye on Chad De La Guerra. He's an older prospect (he'll turn 25 on Nov. 24), but he's been very impressive with the bat.
The shortstop, who Boston drafted in the 17th round in 2015, went 3-for-5 with a double and two RBIs in Double-A Portland's 8-6 loss to Bowie on Sunday.
Since his promotion from High-A Salem, La Guerra is batting .321 with a .406 on-base percentage, .471 slugging percentage, .878 OPS, three homers, 12 doubles and 17 RBIs in 37 games.
Catcher Danny Bethea went 3-for-4 with a double, walk, RBI and run. The 27-year-old 34th-round pick in 2013 is slashing .333/.429/.472/.901 with one homer, two doubles and eight RBIs in 12 games for Portland after spending most of the season on the DL.
Kyle Hart continues dominant season
Kyle Hart, a 24-year-old lefty, hurled 7 scoreless innings in High-A Salem's 5-2 win over Wilmington. He allowed three hits and five walks while striking out six.
The Red Sox drafted Hart in the 19th round in 2016 out of Indiana.
He's 6-3 with a 1.96 ERA and 1.12 WHIP in 18 outings (15 starts) this season. He has held opponents to a .217 batting average.
Bobby Dalbec reaches base four times
Bobby Dalbec went 2-for-2 with two walks to help Low-A Greenville 2-1 over Rome.
The power-hitting third base prospect, who Boston drafted in the fourth round in 2016, hasn't had an easy first full season in pro ball.
He spent a good amount of time on the DL with a wrist injury.
He's slashing .228/.324/.359/.682 with eight homers, seven doubles and 26 RBIs in 66 games.
Jhonathan Diaz allowed just one run, five hits and one walk while striking out six in 7 innings. The 20-year-old from Venezuela is 5-4 with a 4.37 ERA and 1.40 WHIP in 14 starts.
LONDON — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
MINNEAPOLIS — Janet Jackson wants to make it crystal clear: She will not be joining Justin Timberlake during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
The pop icon says in a statement "to put to rest any speculation or rumours" as to whether she will be performing at the Super Bowl between the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots in Minnesota on Sunday: "I will not."
She thanks her fans for their support and says she looks forward to seeing them very soon.
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy.
He's tall, spry, he walks unaided, and besides being a little deaf, he is in good shape.
He's believed to be 114. And he smokes.
And now Fredie Blom of South Africa thinks that maybe it's time to just say no to tobacco.
In an interview with the BBC, Blom, who has government documents saying he was born in 1904, spoke of his smoking habit.
"Every day I still smoke two to three 'pills'," he said, referring to local slang for tobacco rolled in cigarette-sized pieces of newspaper.
Freddie Blom. South Africa man who is 114 living fit and healthy.
Q:What does he put his long life down to.
A:There's only one thing - it's the man above [God]. He's got all the power. I have nothing. I can drop over any time but He holds me,"https://t.co/86XtpR2mAS — ClearUpThisMS (@ClearUpThisMS) May 29, 2018
"The urge to smoke is so strong. Sometimes I tell myself I'm going to stop but it's just me lying to myself. My chest chases me to have a puff and I'm then forced to make a 'pill'.”
In April, Guinness World Records named Japan's Masazo Nonaka, 112, as the oldest living man. The oldest woman, Nabi Tajima, also from Japan, is 117. Guinness told the The Washington Post that Blom is not being considered for an award.
“We receive many applications from individuals who claim to be the oldest living person (male or female) and see many reports about such individuals,” a Guinness World Records spokeswoman said in a statement Tuesday to the Post.
“However, we ask for a great deal of paperwork and proof to substantiate claims that meet our official guidelines. We also work with various expert gerontologists and consultants who assist in the investigation of such claims to ensure our facts are correct.”
Fredie Blom, right, of Cape Town, South Africa, celebrates his 114th birthday on May 8.
Western Cape Department of Social Development
But, she told the paper, that if Blom wants to apply, Guinness will work to determine his eligibility.
Locals, however, are sure Blom is 114. Sihle Ngobese, spokesperson of the West Cape Department of Social Development, told the BBC that the fact that the government had issued Blom with an identity document that records his date of birth as May 8, 1904, is proof enough for them.
Meanwhile, Blom, who lives in Delft, a suburb of Cape Town and worked well into his 80s, told the network that he doesn't have any particular secret for his longevity.
"There's only one thing — it's the man above. He's got all the power. I have nothing. I can drop over any time but He holds me," he told the BBC in Afrikaans.
"I feel very healthy, I'm good. My heart is strong but it's only my legs that are giving in — I can't walk the way I used to," he added.
Janetta Blom, his wife of 48 years who is 29 years his junior, told the BBC that her husband had only been to hospital once, for a problem with one of his knees.
As for his smoking, Blom says it's outside his control. "I blame the devil for that because he's so strong."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Not My Job: We Quiz Nobel Prize-Winning Scientist Michael Rosbash On Barflies
Enlarge this image Jonathan Nackstrand/AFP/Getty Images Jonathan Nackstrand/AFP/Getty Images
Most animals on earth sleep during the night and are awake during the day, except for the other animals that do the opposite, like raccoons (and Elvis Presley). But why? How do animals set their internal clocks? It was a mystery for centuries, but now we know thanks to Michael Rosbash and his colleagues, who won the 2017 Nobel Prize in Medicine for figuring it out.
Rosbash's crew used fruit flies for their research on circadian rhythms, so we asked him three questions about barflies — the people who seem to spend both days and nights perched on bar stools.
Click the listen link above to see how he does.
A popular South Yorkshire policeman known for his distinctive handlebar moustache and who was once immortalised in song has died at the age of 86.
Bill Harber was a familiar face in the streets of Barnsley town centre in the 1950s and 1960s, directing traffic and becoming a popular character due to his facial fuzz and friendly manner.
And the policeman even featured in the lyrics of a song by local entertainer and social historian Dave Cherry about the town's notorious Stairfoot Roundabout.
He said: "Bill was an iconic policeman who was on point duty in Barnsley town centre in the fifties and sixties.
"He had a unique handlebar moustache and was loved by everyone."
Bill, who was awarded the MBE following his retirement from the force in 1994, features in Dave's song Stairfoot Rarndabart, a charity tune which raised £25,000 for the Barnsley Hospice.
His daughter Jane Mabbeley described him as "an absolute gentleman."
ROANOKE, Va. - The first day of spring is Tuesday, but allergy season is already here.
Local health experts said some types of pollen are out in full force. They're already seeing patients with minor symptoms.
A Carilion allergist said you should start taking medicine now, because it can take a week or more for it to really get into your system.
"If you are having year-round symptoms that are not controlled with over-the-counter medications or if you feel like you're having side effects from some of the medications, it would be time to see an allergist and certainly if you have any cough, wheezing or shortness of breath,” Dr. Aneysa Sane said.
Sane said she thinks we're about a month away from the peak of allergy season, which is typically worse in the Roanoke Valley.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Education Secretary Betsy Devos met with St. Louis philanthropist, political donor and education advocate Rex Sinquefield, and his wife Jane Tuesday in Washington, D.C.
They discussed school choice programs, digital and distance learning and innovation grants.
Devos has received criticism for her support of charter and alternative schools.
Travis brown, the CEO Sinquefield's media organizations was also in the meeting.
Travis Brown adds that they support any platform that helps parents and children find a better pathway to their future.
Port Alberni Fire Dept. firefighters discuss a plan to vent a home on 16th Avenue where a small kitchen fire happened on May 30, 2018. SUSAN QUINN PHOTO
One person was taken to hospital with minor burns after a small kitchen fire in a home on 16th Avenue in Port Alberni Wednesday afternoon (May 30).
Three people, including an elderly couple, were in the home when a pot on the stove caught fire, according to a witness.
Port Alberni Fire Dept. Chief Kelly Gilday said the fire was confined to the kitchen.
“The quick response by the crews kept it to the kitchen area with minor damage,” Gilday said.
Crews put the fire out, vented smoke out of the home and were back to the fire hall before 3 p.m.
editor@albernivalleynews.com
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Most bus services are still running after more snow fell in Bristol overnight.
First Bus said at around 6am on Monday (March 19) that most services across the west are still running, however some buses are diverted.
A yellow weather warning is still in place for most of the country, including Bristol, as the Met Office is warning that ice has formed on roads, pavements and cycle paths.
An update from First Bus, posted on Twitter said: “More snow has fallen overnight however most services are running across the West of England.”
A further tweet just before 7am said that a full detailed service update will be published when available.
All services in Bristol are currently running as normal, although some are only operating on main roads.
Buses in Wells and Weston-super-Mare are running normally while many routes in Bath are only able to travel on main roads.
Further bus updates are expected throughout the morning.
There have also been issues elsewhere on Bristol's transport network.
Bristol Airport was badly affected by the overnight snow on Saturday (March 17) meaning the runway had to be shut on Sunday morning (March 18).
In total more than 50 flights were delayed and cancelled.
Passengers were left stranded inside planes at the airport due to health and safety.
Schools across Bristol are also issuing updates this morning on closures due to the snow.
Our live blog is providing updates on school closures in Bristol, North Somerset and South Gloucestershire.
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
South Korea's government said Tuesday that it will provide 100 billion won ($87.6 million) in special credit guarantees to young entrepreneurs that are setting up new companies and hiring workers.The plan made possible by the passage of the extra budget through parliament last month, is being pushed forward by the Ministry of SMEs and Startups, and aims to create good jobs by launching competitive venture businesses.The ministry said business owners who are 39 years old and younger, and have hired workers within the last six months are eligible for the credit guarantee. Those that have launched a business within five years can also avail themselves to the program.The system offers a good guarantee rate of 95 percent, which is 10 percentage points higher than conventional credit arrangements, with users being able to gain access to upwards to 50 million won worth of funds for use.Loans taken out with the guarantee are subject to favorable interest rates that are lower than the market norm.The various benefits can reduce the financial burden of startups and help them lay the foundation of growth, the ministry said. (Yonhap)
Hayward (Calif.) Moreau Catholic running back Adi Anderson was one of many recruits that was in the Beaver State last week to take in visits at Oregon State and Oregon.With Oregon State, Anderson h...
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto's gay village.
"We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found," police spokeswoman Meaghan Gray said.
Picking the right mutual fund is tough. There are close to 2,000 mutual fund schemes in the market, and growing. Mint makes it easy for you. We curate mutual fund schemes based on qualitative and quantitative parameters.
Past returns are a good starting point, though they are not the only thing investors should look at. We focus on long-term returns and performance consistency, in rising as well as falling markets. We speak to fund managers to understanding their strategies, consistency in following the investment mandate and how ‘true to label' schemes really are.
Mutual funds schemes to invest in
Schemes that chase momentum or herd mentality are avoided. It is our endeavour to ensure that the Mint50 basket doesn't churn frequently. But some of our recommendations are bound to go wrong. If the underperformance of the funds are temporary and because of market conditions, but the fund is consistent with its strategy, the fund stays on.
But if the fund manager makes a series of wrong calls, then we take a re-look at the fund. Just because a fund is not there in Mint50, doesn't mean it is a bad fund. For a new fund to come in Mint50, either one of our existing funds would need be consistently underperforming, or a new fund has to exceedingly good.
You don't need to buy all 50 funds. We give you set of limited options for you to choose from, depending on your financial goals and risk profile. A basket of 7-10 funds is good enough to make a winning portfolio. Happy investing!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tesco Direct is closing its website to orders on July 9, 2018 - meaning there are changes to be aware of if ordering from the site.
The superstore chain has admitted it doesn't see how it can make the website profitable, and 500 jobs could be lost as part of the closure.
Launched in 2006, the website was originally supposed to rival Argos and Amazon by being a one-stop shop for everything from sofas to computer games.
However, their executive Charles Wilson said: “This decision has been a very difficult one to make, but it is an essential step towards establishing a more sustainable non-food offer and growing our business for the future.”
So with Tesco Direct no longer for this world, here are the key facts on how it will affect customers to the store.
What is Tesco Direct?
Tesco runs two separate sites for online orders, Tesco.com for all grocery related orders, and Tesco Direct, which deals with all non grocery related goods, including school uniforms, and its F&F clothing range.
Will anything from Tesco Direct be moved to Tesco's main site?
Currently, Tesco has said that only its school uniform embroidery service will move from Tesco direct to Tesco.com.
F&F goods will also cease to be available online after July 9, however will still be available in store.
Tesco's main website also has over 2,000 non food or drink related items on its store that will still be available to purchase after July 9, and the company hopes to expand this range further.
Can I still order stuff from Tesco Direct?
Yes, up until July 9 you will be able to make orders from the website, however, the sooner you make these orders the better.
Tesco has already ceased next day delivery for all orders made from the website, with the same applying to click+collect order points in stores which have been switched off.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The supermarket has also ceased stocking goods for Tesco Direct, so this will only be the case while stocks last?
I pre-ordered something with Tesco Direct, will I still get it?
Tesco has confirmed it will honour all pre-orders for goods released before July 9 and will be delivered as scheduled.
However, if the release date of the game/DVD/book is after July 9 then Tesco will cancel this order.
The company says it will refund all pre orders directly to a user's Tesco account, and will have notified the customer by email.
Tesco advises keeping your contact details up to date with them so you will be able to secure your refund.
Can I still use my gift card/vouchers?
(Image: PA)
Yes, you will still be able to use all Tesco Direct gift cards and vouchers after the website closes in Tesco stores or on Tesco.com.
Can I still return Tesco Direct Items after July 9?
Yes although the process might be a little different.
If you change your mind after receiving an order, Tesco will still offer its refunds and returns policy up until 30 days after the product has been purchased. Providing you have proof of purchase (which gets sent out to you anyway) you will still be able to claim a refund.
If a product is broken or faulty, you will still be able to get a refund. Tesco said the only difference is that where previously customers might have offered a repair, replacement or refund, the company may not be able to offer a replacement after 9 July, as not all of the online range is sold in-store. Whether Tesco offers a replacement before 9 July will depend on stock availability online or in local stores.
This is something to bear in mind if you start seeing goods going for clearance prices, as you will only be refunded the clearance price for the product purchased.
WELLINGTON, April 28 New Zealand business sentiment was largely unchanged in April, as gains in agriculture and construction were offset by less confidence in retailing and manufacturing, an ANZ Bank survey showed on Friday.
The survey's headline measure showed a net 11.0 percent of respondents expected the economy to improve over the year ahead. It compared with an optimism level of 11.3 percent in the previous poll.
A net 37.7 percent of respondents expected their own businesses to grow in the next 12 months, down from 38.8 percent last month. (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The U.S. Dollar's “Hidden Tax” Could Spell Disaster for Your Wealth From Birch Gold Group
Since Inauguration Day 2017, the Trump Administration hasn't been very effective at keeping the U.S. dollar strong.
In fact, the Administration might be playing a shell game with the Economy. Right now you're looking at a stronger U.S. economy (until the bubbles burst).
But the Trump Administration “shell game misdirect” might be coming at the expense of the dollar. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has even endorsed the dollar's recent decline.
He's essentially saying that it's part of the plan, as reported in a recent Bloomberg piece…
A day before Trump's scheduled arrival in the Swiss ski resort of Davos for the World Economic Forum's annual meeting, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin endorsed the dollar's decline as a benefit to the American economy…
He mentioned the short-term decline of the U.S. dollar is not of his concern, as it will be beneficial for trade opportunities. It's part of the Trump Administration's plan to focus on “America First” exporters and propose a more anti-global trade initiative.
With that in mind, it would be wise for you to keep track of every move the Trump Administration makes when it comes to the dollar.
Especially since…
Mnuchin is Wrong, and the Result is a “Hidden Tax” for You
In a previous article we showed how tighter trade policies could speed up the dollar's demise. The result of those policies is now starting to play out.
It's even gotten the attention of billionaires like Ray Dalio, Co-Chairman of Bridgewater Associates. He said that Mnuchin's endorsement of a weaker dollar is “not what the economy needs right now.”
… it is a hidden tax on people who are holding dollar-denominated assets and a benefit to those who have dollar-denominated liabilities.
Dalio also said that there will be a correction…
… rebalancings should be expected over time, especially when U.S. dollar bonds look unattractive and trade tensions with dollar creditors intensify.
That correction could be starting now….
As of January 10th, 2018, China is viewing U.S. treasuries as less attractive.
China added to bond investors' jitters on Wednesday as traders braced for what they feared could be the end of a three-decade bull market.
Since Inauguration Day, the dollar has taken a major hit. And then the Fed raised rates in December 2017, contributing to the dollar starting this year off in the worst state since 2003, with the Dollar index down 2.43%.
The index also dropped below 90.00 for the first time since 2014, and isn't showing signs of recovering since the Fed rate hike.
All of this is just the beginning. The dollar is tied directly to the Asian trade news and speculation that Trump might tighten trade restrictions even further…
“While at this stage Trump's protectionist rhetoric is being applied sparingly and not drawing a reaction from China, there is the threat of Trump ramping up protectionism,” said David Forrester.
Despite this troubling revelation, there could be good news on the horizon for savvy investors…
How to Protect Yourself (and Gain) From the “Hidden Tax”
If things keep going as they have, this “hidden tax” from a weakening dollar could be hedged by moving some assets into precious metals like gold.
Gold has been on a sharp rise as of late, rising from $1248 / oz. in December 2017 to its current level. As of January 26th, gold was sitting at $1352 / oz.
That trend seems to be following right along with the big hit the dollar took from December – Present.
Precious metals are historically proven to appreciate in value whenever the dollar falls. Plus, they can offer you protection against adverse events like the real possibility of the dollar crashing this year.
When it finally happens, you can expect reactive buyers to begin snatching up metals fast, which instantly drives up prices. That trend could be starting right now, so don't wait for the dollar to crash before protecting your wealth with precious metals.
Sharing is caring!
Security guard, Juhu Airport, Bombay (1982). Photo: Sooni Taraporevala/courtesy Sunaparanta
There's something captivating about an old man in a vest, sitting on a charpai (cot) on a summer afternoon, beneath the wing of a large aircraft. He appears disgruntled, glaring at the viewer with his head slightly tilted. This image was made by Sooni Taraporevala in Bombay in 1982. It now inhabits her series, Home In The City: Bombay 1977-Mumbai 2017, an important collection of black and white photographs that spans four decades, revealing the charm of an ever-evolving city and its people.
The image serves as a memory of a time that no longer exists. Nowhere in the world today will you find a person sitting so casually on the airport tarmac inches away from an aircraft. But what really catches your attention is the nature of the image: It is so intimate that it gives you the sense of unwittingly intruding into the man's personal space. And that's the hallmark of Taraporevala's style—her ability to capture people in their most uninhibited raw moments.
Taraporevala's self-portrait. Photo: Sooni Taraporevala/courtesy Sunaparanta
Taraporevala began documenting the city 40 years ago, when she had taken a semester off from her studies at Harvard University, where she was majoring in literature, to return to her home in Mumbai. The images were made using a Nikkormat, a camera she had bought in Boston in 1977 with the help of her roommate Cathy Dement, who had lent her $220 (around Rs14,430 now) to buy her very first professional camera (the first point-and-shoot camera Taraporevala owned was an Instamatic, gifted by her aunt and uncle).
Camel on Marine Drive, Bombay (1977). Photo: Sooni Taraporevala/courtesy Sunaparanta
Carrying the Nikkormat around her neck, Taraporevala walked the streets of Mumbai, photographing anything and everything that caught her eye. Little did she know back then that she was building a visual memoir of the city. “One of the earliest successful pictures that I took at that time was of the Gateway of India, framed by the window of the Taj Mahal hotel,” recalls Taraporevala. “It was around the same time that I took the photograph of the camel on Marine Drive. I never had an agenda to document Bombay,” she confesses. “It all happened quite organically.” Both these photographs form part of the series that will be on view at the Chemould Prescott Road gallery this week, an exhibition that has been curated by author Siddharth Dhanvant Shanghvi, with support from Dattaraj and Dipti Salgaocar (founders of Sunaparanta-Goa Center for the Arts, an arts education initiative).
Gateway of India from the Taj Mahal Hotel, Bombay (1977). Photo: Sooni Taraporevala/courtesy Sunaparanta
Taraporevala has the eye of an archivist. In 2013, her photographs documenting the Parsi community in India found life in her series, Parsis: The Zoroastrians Of India (chronicled from 1980-2004), which gave an insider's view into the lives of the otherwise closed community. The exhibition of this series announced Taraporevala (who was known to the general audience as a screenwriter and a film-maker) as a photographer to reckon with.
‘Chi Lung Sean Ma, Air Show' (2005). Photo: Sooni Taraporevala/courtesy Sunaparanta
Sifting through Home In The City, you will see a city age and transform. There is a certain sense of lyricism—an unhurried fluidity—that is present in the images. They are visceral and alive. But it's the character of the people who populate the images that is really the charm of the series. Often, they depict an individual within a crowd, focusing on their relation to the surroundings. The image of a young boy looking out of a window (Chi Lung Sean Ma, Air Show) is one of Taraporevala's more memorable ones. “It's a photograph of an air show in Bombay in 2005. That day, almost all of Marine Drive was packed with people, with not an inch between them. If you look at the photograph, the boy in the window is isolated, while below him there are thousands and thousands of people,” she says.
It's not an unwillingness to share, believe me. I would have happily done a show (on Bombay) five or 10 years ago.
Taraporevala is a visual diarist. Consider her series on the Parsis, which took almost a quarter of a century to develop, or Home In The City, which took 40 years. One would think that she's someone who, arguably, holds on to her photographs for decades so as to quietly ruminate over them and build them piece by piece, before sharing them with the world. But Taraporevala modestly puts such assumptions to rest. “It's not an unwillingness to share, believe me,” she says laughing. “I would have happily done a show (on Bombay) five or 10 years ago.”
Raj Kapoor and Fan, Bombay (1986). Photo: Sooni Taraporevala/courtesy Sunaparanta
The idea of holding an exhibition specifically on Mumbai happened by chance. For years the photographs remained unseen, relegated to the confines of a file cabinet. They were taken out at the behest of Photoink's founder-director Devika-Daulet Singh. “My friend Siddharth Dhanvant Shanghvi and I had initially thought of doing a show on my iPhone (colour) work. Then he invited Devika on board, and when she was looking at my photographs, she said, ‘Why don't we do something with your Bombay work? Look at your archives.' And that's how it all happened.”
The boy and the bay, Mumbai (2015). Photo: Sooni Taraporevala/courtesy Sunaparanta
The Mumbai images that were shot on film were specifically culled and scanned for the show. Not all of them, particularly the older ones, were in mint condition though. “I had a leak in my roof once, and some negatives were ruined then because of water damage. Thanks to digital scanning though, the ones that could be saved were saved really well, and I could preserve them.” This particular exhibition features 102 photographs, of which 80 are made on film. The rest belong to the period after 2004 and have been shot using digital cameras (she currently uses a Leica M10 and a Canon 6D), when Taraporevala turned to digital photography for good.
Shanghvi has got the images bound in a book—with an introduction by authors Pico Iyer, Salman Rushdie and himself. It will be launched on the opening day.
Rocking and rolling at the New Year's Eve Ball, Bombay (1985). Photo: Sooni Taraporevala/courtesy Sunaparanta
Home In The City displays a certain kind of photographic intimacy. In a time when images are made for immediate broadcast and “likes”, this particular series allows you to revisit a time that was much simpler, slower and far more cherished.
Home In The City, Bombay 1977-Mumbai 2017 will show from 14-31 October, 11am-7pm, at Chemould Prescott Road Gallery, Fort, Mumbai. Click here for details.
Asian Boys' U-18 Volleyball Championship 2018, Quarterfinal: India vs Iran - Telecast, Date, Start Time and Where to Watch Online
Vrinda Chopra FOLLOW ANALYST Preview 26 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:38 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Team India in action vs China
The 12th Asian Boys' under 18 Volleyball Championship ticked off on June 29, 2018. The ongoing biennial tournament is set to take place between June 29 and July 6. The competition is contested by seventeen teams from the Asian confederation.
Having been drawn in Group D alongside Oman and Kazakhstan, team India begun their campaign on a positive note. Overpowering Oman by 3-1 (25-15, 25-18, 21-25, 26-16) and Kazakhstan by 3-0 (25-21 25-23 25-21), the Indian team comfortably finished as table toppers in the group stages of the tournament.
The Indian camp carried forward their exceptional winning form as they beat China 2-3 (25-23 18-25 25-18 19-25 11-15), coming from behind in this one. The Indians have been impressive so far as they take on hosts, Iran tonight in the form of their next challenge in the quarter final stage of the competition.
Should Team India succeed in their endeavours against the host nation this evening, they will qualify and proceed towards the semi-finals of the 2018 edition of Asian Boys' U-18 Volleyball Championship, on an unbeaten run.
With top two teams, Korea and Japan picking up crucial victories on Tuesday to progress to the semi-finals of the competition, only two winning teams on Wednesday's quarter final matches will join the two undefeated teams.
While the Indian boys have certainly done well in the preliminary stages, they are now faced with the stiff challenge of Iran, where, unlike the subcontinent, volleyball is one of the popular sports.
Here is all you need to know about the quarter final fixture…
Tournament Name: Asian Men's U-18 Volleyball Championship
Venue: Tabriz, Iran
Date: July 4, 2018 (Wednesday)
Time: 7:30pm (IST)
Broadcast: Not being televised
Live Stream: Fans can follow live updates from the contest on Sportskeeda as well as the official Pro Volleyball Twitter Page
They always say that “if it ain't broke don't fix it”. But if you find out that your​ ​product or service is broken at the same time as your customers then you​ ​may well suffer from some reputational damage to your company.
In my last article I mentioned that the cost of failure on a company's reputation​ ​can be considerable. I pointed out that according to our latest QCA/YouGov​ ​Small and Mid-Cap Sentiment survey, companies estimate that 32​ per cent​ of their​ ​market value is accounted for by reputation.
I used this and data from the FTSE indices to show that the value of corporate​ ​reputation of the FTSE All-Share amounts to an amazing £736,742m and the
value of corporate reputation of the AIM All-Share is £17,657m.
The figure for AIM is important as this represents the consequences of​ ​damage to individual growth companies across a market.
But what of the market itself, for the arena in which companies gather to raise​ ​finance in order to scale up and grow? If this is broken then each company​ ​has another factor to take into account in addition to concerns about products​ ​and services.
Well the good news is, and London Stock Exchange statistics back this up,​ ​that the market is not broken. In fact investors in a recent survey said that it is​ ​the best it has ever been.
So why are the London Stock Exchange seeking views on how to improve​ ​AIM when it's working so well? It ain't broke, so why fix it?
Well, it's a good example of building on success. It takes a confident market​ ​to open itself up and ask questions of itself. The London Stock Exchange has​ ​published a wide-ranging consultation on the AIM Market.
It asks such questions as whether the discussions between the AIM team and​ ​Nominated Advisers could take place earlier in the IPO process to remove​ ​some of the questions that might crop up later. It asks about whether there​ ​should be a minimum amount of money raised when a company comes to​ ​market. It asks whether AIM companies should be required to report annually​ ​against a governance code.
The latter is an important issue for the Quoted Companies Alliance as we​ ​publish the most relevant and practical governance code for AIM companies.
These questions - and more - probe the detailed issues to ensure the market​ ​continues to operate effectively. The market and the London Stock Exchange​ ​want to ensure that the UK continues to benefit from having the leading​ ​​growth market in Europe over the next ​five to 10​ years by being fit for purpose. It​ ​is essential that UK and international growth companies have the opportunity​ ​to raise finance in the easiest possible way whilst retaining the confidence of​ ​investors.
In addition to answering the questions - the consultation closes on September ​8 ​- it's well worth looking at the document because the introduction​ ​is a good exposition of how AIM has developed and it describes the roles of​ ​the London Stock Exchange and the Nominated Adviser. This is useful​ ​background reading for any investor.
The document also includes a paragraph that says, “London Stock Exchange​ ​has always been mindful to retain AIM's distinct features, ensuring that AIM is​ ​a market accessible to small and medium sized growth companies and​ ​entrepreneurs, maintaining its clear points of differentiation from the Main​ ​Market.
​"​We remain convinced that maintaining a distinct growth market​ ​ensures that there is an efficient allocation of capital that supports the risk​ ​profile of companies at different stages of growth and maturity.”
This is an important and essential statement that underlines the London Stock​ ​Exchange's commitment to AIM, retaining and enhancing its attractiveness​ ​and identity.
And if they take care of their markets before they are broken; if they build on​ ​success rather than waiting for standards to drop off, then perhaps the glow of​ ​the market's productive reputation will increase the market's value by 32​ per cent​​ ​rather than fall. Markets can go up as well as down!
KITCHENER — A well-known Kitchener car dealership has changed hands.
Victoria Star Motors, a Mercedes-Benz dealer, has been acquired by Vaughan-based Pfaff Automotive Partners, which operates more than a dozen dealerships representing different brands throughout Ontario and in British Columbia.
Victoria Star Motors will now be known as Mercedes-Benz Kitchener-Waterloo. The dealership has been owned by the Alkier family since 1998, and has occupied a prominent location along Victoria Street North at Centennial Road since 2006 when the new 41,000-square-foot facility opened.
The local dealership will be the first Mercedes-Benz location for Pfaff, a family business with brands ranging from ultraluxury McLaren to Toyota, Mazda, Dodge and Harley-Davidson. It's also involved in auto racing and services, including tuning, leasing, and collision repair.
"I'm really excited to be in Kitchener-Waterloo," company chief executive officer Chris Pfaff said Wednesday. "And I'm very excited to represent Mercedes-Benz." It's a homecoming of sorts for Pfaff, who got his start in the automotive industry in the early 1980s with the Mercedes-Benz brand. And it fills a gap in the Pfaff roster.
"Up until this point, we've carried all the German brands," Pfaff said, with dealerships representing Audi, BMW, Porsche and Volkswagen. "Mercedes-Benz was an obvious one that was missing from our portfolio."
The local dealership employs about 85 people, and Pfaff said he's hopeful it will grow. Most of Pfaff's other locations are in the Greater Toronto Area; it does have a couple of dealerships in London and a McLaren showroom in Vancouver. Pfaff said he expects to open a new Subaru store in Guelph at the end of the year.
The Mercedes-Benz name has been represented in Waterloo Region for more than 50 years. In a news release, Mercedes-Benz Canada president Brian Fulton thanked the Alkiers for their years of service, and welcomed Pfaff to the family.
"With the support of a highly qualified team already in place, I am very confident that the significant level of commitment and experience that Chris brings to Mercedes-Benz Kitchener-Waterloo will ensure its sustained growth and continued success," Fulton said.
MI's New Zealand recruit Mitchell McClenaghan struck twice in his first over to trigger SRH's top-order collapse inside the Powerplay after the hosts asked Hyderabad to bat in their IPL match at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Tuesday.
Shikhar Dhawan's (5) return to the SRH XI didn't last long on the pitch as the left-hander edged McClenaghan onto his stumps while attempting a drive, which looked half-hearted at best - probably because of the previous delivery that Dhawan inside-edged onto his knee for a painful blow.
SRH's No. 3 Wriddhiman Saha (0) lasted just two balls as he chased a ball pushed across him by McClenaghan and edged it to MI wicketkeeper Ishan Kishan without troubling the scorers. The score at that stage read 10/2 in two overs.
Manish Pandey (16) began on a promising note yet again hitting McClenaghan for two fours in an over, both on the up, beating the ring of fielders on the off-side. But his stay ended on a soft note as he came out to hit Hardik Pandya but couldn't get the elevation to beat MI captain Rohit Sharma in the covers.
The mix-up in the sixth and last Powerplay over sent SRH's start further down the hole as Williamson sold Shakib Al Hasan (2) a dummy after calling him for a quick single. Shakib, who had run halfway down the crease, gave up even before Suryakumar Yadav took aim and then threw the stumps down direct at the non-striker's end.
The Powerplay ended with the scoreboard showing 51/4, which left SRH with a big repair job on hand.
Comedian, political satirist and campaigner Mark Thomas's latest live production is aptly named A Show That Gambles.
On arrival we were asked to write two predictions for the short and the longer future and these offerings were the material which Mark used to engage and entertain the audience. At the end of the evening we were asked to donate £1 to be used to fund the bets we agreed on placing. The results were hilarious.
At a breakneck pace, Thomas pointed out that we make predictions all the time, referencing his terrifying upbringing with his often violent builder/totter/preacher father in south London. At his best when ad hoc quipping in response to the audience's suggestions, Thomas is given to rants, but even better, to listening.
Amid impeached Trumps, rejected Mays, elected Corbyns, there were more quirky contributions, including Buxton Weather Watch becoming the preferred national weather service, a sinkhole opening under the offices of the Daily Mail, (second most popular) and the winner, that in the near future more dogs would be called Keith. And if our bet won? Then the money would go to a good because that would also ****** *** (really annoy) the right people.
Splendid and well informed entertainment with an audience of like minded people.
Chelsea to fight it out with Manchester United for Mourinho's number one target and other transfer news and rumours of the day - 14th August, 2017
A quick look at all the top transfer news of the day.
@MarathiScouser by Sumedh Football Transfer Roundup 14 Aug 2017, 22:12 IST
A transfer battle between two of England's biggest clubs is on the cards
Hello and welcome to Sportskeeda's latest transfer news and rumours roundup. Today's stories feature the latest update on some of the major happenings in world football which may change the complexion of a few clubs. So let's head right in and take a look at the major happenings across Europe that made headlines on August 12, 2017:
Premier League
Chelsea to rival Manchester United for Ivan Perisic
The Mirror reports that Chelsea have entered the race for Inter Milan's Ivan Perisic in what will be a blow to United's transfer plans. With the Red Devils hesitant to pay £48 million for the Croatian, Chelsea have made their way into the negotiations and are prepared to pay the required amount.
Antonio Conte believes that his side need cover in every position and Perisic can be used as a left winger and as a left fullback too. Along with Perisic, the Blues are also in talks with the likes of Joao Cancelo and Danny Drinkwater.
Manchester United set to trigger release clause of Sergi Roberto
FC Barcelona's resolve is all set to be tested yet again with Jose Mourinho being interested in Sergi Roberto. The Sun had revealed that the utility man, Roberto, has a release clause of just £36.5 million. Manchester United think that Roberto can be a good cover for the side with Jose Mourinho preparing his side for a title battle on all fronts. Juventus also remain interested in the 25-year old.
Newcastle United step up interest in Arsenal duo
Rafa Benitez is reportedly fuming because of the Magpies' lack of funds this summer and to appease him, owner Mike Ashley is ready to bid for Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Lucas Perez.
The Spanish striker wants to leave Arsenal this summer and is available for around £10 million. Meanwhile, Jack Wilshere was left frustrated after being kept out of the first team squad against Leicester City despite being totally fit. The Sun understands that Wilshere might be again offloaded in another season long loan deal with Newcastle being one of the clubs interested in him.
Go ahead and try out these five simple Instagram marketing tactics, and get ready to witness a dramatic surge in your mobile app installs.
July 4, 2018 5 min read
This story originally appeared on Bizness Apps
If you're serious about promoting your mobile app downloads, you can systematically use Instagram marketing tactics and tips. I suppose you may have already heard thatInstagram has over 800 million monthly active users. But did you also know that over 2 million businesses use Instagram for advertising? Now, I am sure you realize why Instagram is a great platform for businesses to promote their products. But can it be useful for promoting apps too?
In this post, we'll take a look at five Instagram marketing tactics to skyrocket your mobile app downloads.
1. Influencer marketing
One of the best ways to promote your mobile apps and increase the number of downloads is to collaborate with influencers on Instagram. Seventy-eight percent of influencers prefer Instagram as a platform for collaborating with brands.
Here's a real-life example that demonstrates how influencers can help you skyrocket your app downloads on Instagram. Bejeweled, a popular puzzle game, collaborated with Instagram influencer David Lopez to launch their #ShinyPlace campaign. It was meant to promote their app downloads. David published a sponsored post that shows him playing the game to destress after a long, tiring day.
Bejeweled also collaborated with Koya Webb, a popular fitness/yoga influencer on Instagram.
The result of the campaign was astonishing. Downloads of the app increased which helped push their ranking from 454 to 135.
Remember to be vigilant enough to discover, hire and collaborate with the right influencers for your brand. There are millions of popular influencers on Instagram making it difficult to find the right influencers. Grin, an influencer marketing platform can make it easy to find, hire, and collaborate with the right influencers for your Instagram marketing campaigns.
2. Contests
Yet another easy way to increase mobile app downloads is by running contests on Instagram. A lot of Instagrammers are always on the lookout for contests and giveaways. Studies have found that running contests has helped brands grow their followers 70 percent faster compared to those that didn't.
And don't worry. It is easy to run Instagram contests. There are plenty of tools available to help you manage contests successfully (and fairly) on Instagram.Wishpond is one such tool that can help you easily build awareness for your mobile app, drive downloads and increase the number of users.
However, you need to keep a few things in mind when running contests. Always mull over your contest objective and set key performance indicators (KPIs) to help you analyze the performance of your Instagram contest. Remember to keep the entry rules simple and easy to understand. Cross-promote your contest on all of your social media channels to grab more eyeballs. Also, use relevant hashtags.
3. Hashtags
Speaking of hashtags, they remain one of the most important components of Instagram marketing tactics. As a matter of fact, you should be using hashtags in every post on Instagram.
Hashtags increase the reach and exposure of your content. Using relevant hashtags and encouraging Instagram users to download you mobile app can go a long way to drive more downloads. Use at least one branded hashtag in your posts to encourage mobile app downloads. Also include relevant keywords in your hashtags. It's basically the SEO of Instagram.
4. App install campaigns
I'm sure you already know about the power of videos. If you're looking to encourage app downloads, it makes sense to deploy app install campaigns. Remember, Instagram is all about visual content. Its effective advertising platform allows marketers to easily reach out to their ideal users and persuade them to complete the desired action.
For example, Snail Games, a popular Chinese mobile game developer, ran an app install campaign on Instagram after the successful launch of Taichi Panda. The company's objective was to increase app installs.
The results of this Instagram campaign proved to be impressive for Taichi Panda. Snail Games witnessed an increase of 339 percent in their app installs as well as a significant increase in their in-app purchase rates.
I'm sure you're all set to launch an app install campaign right now, but before you do that, just keep these things in mind:
Make sure your campaign video is engaging.
Be creative and persuasive with your caption. But make sure your caption doesn't sound too pushy.
Don't forget to share the USP of your app in your videos and highlight the main features.
Don't forget to analyze the performance of your app install campaigns and optimize the campaign accordingly.
5. Instagram Stories
Recently, Instagram Stories have become immensely popular with users and marketers alike. No wonder, more than 300 million people use Instagram Stories almost daily.
In fact, users spend an average of 28 minutes on Instagram Stories. This means Instagram Stories can be a great way to reach your target audiences and encourage them to install your mobile app.
Here's what you can do to get the most out of your Instagram Stories:
Tease your audiences with the best features of your app.
Use engaging GIFs in your Instagram Stories.
Showcase behind-the-scenes of you app development.
Utilize location stickers to attract local users.
Use polls to gather suggestions and feedback from users.
Wrapping up
When used correctly, these simple Instagram marketing tactics can go a long way to skyrocket your mobile app installs. So what are you waiting for? Go ahead and try out these five simple Instagram marketing tactics, and get ready to witness a dramatic surge in your mobile app installs.
Lawmakers Across The Country Push For Trump's Tax Returns
From the New York City Council to the California Senate, lawmakers are crafting bills aimed at forcing the release of President Trump's taxes. Whether they can survive a court challenge isn't clear.
FELDBERG, Germany — Julian Lueftner of Austria and Michela Moioli of Italy won snowboard cross races on Saturday in the penultimate World Cup before the Winter Olympics.
Lueftner claimed his first World Cup win by finishing ahead of Pierre Vaultier and Ken Vuagnoux of France and Canada's Kevin Hill in the men's big final.
Vaultier stretched his overall lead to 5,120 points, 1,034 ahead of Austria's Alex Pullin, who finished third in his heat and won his quarterfinal in Feldberg. Four competitions remain.
Moioli stretched her lead in the women's standings with her third World Cup win of the season, finishing ahead of Canada's Zoe Bergermann and French teammates Julia Pereira de Sousa Mabileau and Charlotte Bankes.
KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian president turned opposition leader in Ukraine, appeared in court Monday in the Ukrainian capital for a hearing on whether he should continue to be held in custody.
Saakashvili was arrested Friday on allegations that he colluded with Ukrainian businessmen tied to Russia to topple President Petro Poroshenko. Saakashvili rejected the allegations and is refusing food to protest his detention.
“I consider myself a prisoner of Ukrainian oligarchs,” he said in an apparent reference to the business background of Poroshenko, who ran a chocolate business before he was elected president.
About 200 of Saakashvili's supporters scuffled with police outside the Pechersky District court that deliberated on whether to keep him in custody.
Advertisement
He called for calm, saying in the courtroom that “we don't want confrontation, we don't want any sharp moves.”
Yulia Tymoshenko, a former prime minister who leads an opposition party, attended the hearing in a show of support for Saakashvili.
It was unclear when the decision on custody would come.
On Sunday, thousands of Saakashvili's supporters marched across Kiev, demanding his release and calling for Poroshenko to be impeached.
Saakashvili was a key figure in the 2003 Rose Revolution protests that drove Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze from office. He served two terms as Georgian president in 2004-2013, winning broad acclaim for his anti-corruption efforts, but drawing criticism over a disastrous war with Russia and what his opponents saw as an authoritarian streak.
Poroshenko named him the governor of Ukraine's Odessa region in 2015, but Saakashvili resigned the following year, claiming that Poroshenko and other officials were impeding anti-corruption reforms, and became a strong critic of his former patron.
Georgia stripped Saakashvili of his citizenship after his move to Ukraine. Poroshenko this summer rescinded his Ukrainian citizenship while Saakashvili was out of the country, leaving Saakashvili stateless.
He forced his way into Ukraine in September, barging across the border with Poland with the help of a crowd of supporters.
The big names due to ride in the Tour de Yorkshire have been confirmed.
Race organisers Welcome to Yorkshire and A.S.O have announced a host of big-name riders for the 2017 Tour de Yorkshire, with Luke Rowe, Nacer Bouhanni and Caleb Ewan among those set to compete.
Welshman Rowe, who has been part of the last two Tour de France wins, will be joined in a strong Team Skyline up by Olympic gold medalist Owain Doull and 2016 World Track Champion Jonathan Dibben.
Bouhanni, one of the world's top sprinters who have five Grand Tour stage wins to his name and has already claimed the Nokere Koerse and Paris–Camembert titles this season, will head up the Cofidis Solutions Credits team while fellow star sprinter Caleb Ewan leads the Orica-Scott charge in a squad that also includes 2016 Paris-Roubaix winner Mathew Hayman.
The Asda Women's Tour de Yorkshire on Saturday April 29 also boasts a top-quality field with Olympic road race champion Anna van der Breggen (Boels-Dolmans), two-time world champion Giorgia Bronzini (Wiggle High5) and 2017 Tour of Flanders winner Coryn Rivera (Team Sunweb) all on the start line.
In addition, reigning British Road Race champions Adam Blythe (Dimension Data) and Hannah Barnes (Canyon-SRAM) will both be in action along with three former race winners in Lars Petter Nordhaug (Aqua Blue Sport), Thomas Voeckler (Direct Energie) and Kirsten Wild (Cylance Pro Cycling). 2016 Points Classification and Stage One winner Dylan Groenewegen (LottoNL-Jumbo) also makes an appearance.
If that wasn't enough, Yorkshire's very own Scott Thwaites (Dimension Data) and Lizzie Deignan (Boels-Dolmans) are set to be in attendance, with the full start lists for both races being unveiled before the men's race commences on Friday April 28.
Welcome to Yorkshire chief executive Sir Gary Verity said: “It is exciting to be able to unveil this first wave of big-name riders and the strength of this list demonstrates how highly the Tour de Yorkshire is regarded.
“The third edition will be the biggest and best one yet, and with world champions, Olympic gold medalists and Grand Tour stage winners on the start list, we can guarantee three days of great racing.
“Yorkshire is already gearing up to celebrate the race with banners, bunting and giant land art projects springing up right across the county, and we can't wait to welcome everyone.”
Full information on the Tour de Yorkshire and Asda Women's Tour de Yorkshire can be found athttp://letour.yorkshire.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Premier League star Tyrone Mings has opened his own academy here in the South West.
The Bournemouth defender has strong Westcountry links through his father Adie who played non-league football in the area. With Tyrone himself also turning out for Yate Town and having a trial at Bristol Rovers.
Now he is hoping to give something back to the community which nurtured his own talents, as he's setting up a number of coaching sessions under the banner of the 'Tyrone Mings Academy.'
How Bristol Rovers let this Premier League star slip through their fingers
"The academy was set up to provide people with some fun football training, to give them some football education away from their clubs," explained Mings, who was attending a session at Filton Goals in north Bristol.
"Our whole sessions are based around keeping things fun and keeping enjoyment at the centre of children's development. It's about allowing people to express themselves."
Mings knows better than most how difficult it is to succeed in becoming a professional footballer as the defender suffered many setbacks, including a failed trial with Bristol Rovers and being released by the Southampton academy, before signing a professional deal with Ipswich Town.
"We started in Bristol, we want to keep it in the South West and we'll be starting the Chippenham camp in February half term with a launch camp," explained the 24-year-old.
"We'll always be predominantly in the south west, that's where it means the most to me.
"I set it up because I wanted to, I feel it's important for me to keep coming down and showing my face thanking the kids and the parents for coming.
"If they've got any questions for me, or about what it's like being a footballer, then that's something I can do.
"I feel like everything I put my name to is my responsibility, so that's why I'm here."
The academy is taking bookings now for a number of sessions across the South West.
You can sign up online here.
A group of paedophile hunters in Yorkshire have been forced to issue an apology after they confronted a suspected paedophile and live streamed it on social media - only to later realise the man was innocent.
The group called 'Protecting the Innocent' approached the man on his doorstep in Leeds recently and accused him of contacting the group's 'decoys', who pose as underage girls online.
-> Trail of destruction after dumper trucks stolen from Leeds building site and driven across golf course
They live streamed the confrontation on social media and then passed their suspicions on to police.
The group's Facebook page has over 26,000 followers.
However, they have now admitted the 'sting' was a mistake and that the victim was not the same man who had been sending messages to the decoys.
-> Yorkshire motorists left baffled by yellow dust coating cars - and how not to remove it
They posted a statement on their Facebook page, which is open to the public.
"Mr ______ was pending police investigation after our sting. As we further investigated ourselves we discovered in fact we had stung the wrong person. Mr ______ who was shown on camera is NOT the man contacting us and other decoys as we suspected. We are now in process of contacting the police, his family and all other known associated people that came forward to clear this man's name.
"From all of us at Protecting the Innocent - if we can assist in any way please do not hesitate to contact us. No amount of apologies will fix what has happened and we cannot turn back time. However we will continue to clear your name.
"We profusely apologise for all inconvenience and distress caused during this time, and if we can assist you in any way please let us know and we will work with you to right this horrible wrong."
-> Police car bricked while impounding Lamborghini supercar
West Yorkshire Police have in the past raised concerns about the activities of vigilante groups, whose actions can often jeopardise court cases. A statement from the force read:
"We would always encourage members of the public to report any illegal activity relating to child sexual exploitation which they come across online.
"While the force does of course share concerns regarding the internet activity of potential child abusers and the danger they present, it must be stressed that the activity that ‘paedophile hunter' related groups seek to engage in, is the responsibility of law enforcement agencies.
"West Yorkshire Police fully investigates all allegations of child sexual exploitation and has dedicated, specialist safeguarding officers in all our policing districts.
We urge members of such 'exposure' groups not to carry out this activity and instead to report suspected offences in West Yorkshire to the force via 101 or the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111."
Reports can also be made online to CEOP at https://ceop.police.uk/safety-centre/
How Gazans Feel About Cost Of Recent Protests
As many remain injured after weeks of protests on the Gaza border with Israel, Gazans ask what they got for the high price they paid.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
The question facing many Gazans is whether the weeks of protests along the Gaza-Israel border have been worth the high cost in life and limb. Palestinians say Israeli troops killed more than 100 Gazans and wounded thousands of others during a wave of protests that peaked about two weeks ago. Israel says many of those killed were attacking troops. And yesterday, Israel responded to Gazan rocket attacks with airstrikes. Protesters said they seek a return to lands lost in Israel and to focus attention on the dire situation in Gaza. NPR's Daniel Estrin visited Gaza to ask people there whether they feel they've gained anything.
DANIEL ESTRIN, BYLINE: An 18-year-old lifts up the stub where his leg used to be, and nurses tape on some gauze. You could hear Israeli drones buzzing in the sky above. Attallah Fayyoum says he and a group of guys faced off Israeli troops at the border fence. He said they threw rocks, flew kites. At one point, he said, he and his friend Islam helped carry away people shot by Israeli troops. And then...
ATTALLAH FAYYOUM: (Through interpreter) We sat down just to get some rest, and Islam was shot in the stomach. I was going to call for help for Islam, then I was shot on the way.
ESTRIN: He said he went to the border to force Israel out of Jerusalem. Now his leg's been amputated.
What do you think the - these protests, did they achieve anything?
FAYYOUM: (Through interpreter) So far, they've achieved nothing.
ESTRIN: His mother hopes some organization can pay for an artificial leg for her son. Like most who were injured, they're poor. The Palestinian Assalama Charitable Society provides help to wounded Palestinians. The group says many of the wounded are suffering from malnutrition, a sign of the desperate situation of Gazans in general that helped fuel the protests. Fady Kershally is with the group and has been visiting the wounded.
FADY KERSHALLY: (Through interpreter) At first, they feel like they're advancing something for the nation. But after getting injured, most of them change their mind. Some say, maybe we shouldn't have gone in the first place.
ESTRIN: Hamas, the Islamist group that has ruled Gaza for about a decade, helped lead the protests. Senior member Ghazi Hamad says paying a price is nothing new for Gazans.
GHAZI HAMAD: We have to pay the price for freedom. That's right. For example, I lost my father. I lost my uncle. I spent 5 years in the prison. In Gaza or in the West Bank, as Palestinians, they paid the price. OK. That's right. We know that. And we will pay more and more.
ESTRIN: He said the protests achieved some things, even if they're still intangible, like international concern.
HAMAD: The world give more attention to the suffering in Gaza. The Palestinian cause now in the international media. In addition, it makes more pressure on Israel.
ESTRIN: Pressure to lift a blockade Israel imposes on Gaza. The U.S. and EU consider Hamas a terrorist group. Israel says, for that reason, the blockade is necessary. Hamas vows to renew border protests next week. As far as Israel is concerned, the violence on the border has been Hamas' fault. Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Conricus of the Israeli army says some of those killed were armed. And he points to Hamas firing mortars and rockets into Israel yesterday.
JONATHAN CONRICUS: I think this really pulls the mask off the charade. Or it really exposes what Hamas has been doing for the last nine weeks. If you look at the reports in many parts of the media, the so-called peaceful protests and the unarmed struggle and the march of return and all other hype and nonsense, nothing of the kind.
ESTRIN: One thing the protests apparently prompted was Egypt opening its border slightly, letting some Gazans leave. I met one 38-year-old man hoping to travel out, Nabil Abu Jazara.
You're going to Egypt.
NABIL ABU JAZARA: Yes.
ESTRIN: Why?
ABU JAZARA: To flee from Gaza Strip forever.
ESTRIN: He wants to flee the Gaza Strip forever. He sees no future in Gaza.
Daniel Estrin, NPR News, Gaza.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
DETROIT — Blake Griffin's first few days with the Detroit Pistons were a bit of a whirlwind.
Detroit was able to win two close games with him, but coach Stan Van Gundy sees a lot of room for improvement.
"I've got to get it figured out offensively," Van Gundy said. "I'm not helping him or us a lot. You could actually see today in the early fourth quarter, we were actually a lot smoother when he was out because we were just playing.
"I've got this great player now, and so we're just sort of playing to him all the time, and the defence is all loaded up."
Andre Drummond had 23 points and 20 rebounds, and Griffin made a key 3-pointer in the final minute to lift the Pistons to a 111-107 victory over the Miami Heat on Saturday night. Whatever Van Gundy's issues were with the offence, they didn't prevent Detroit from scoring 35 points in the final quarter.
Ish Smith added 25 points for the Pistons, including a late 3-pointer of his own. Detroit has won three in a row, the last two with Griffin in the lineup after acquiring him in a trade .
Griffin's 3-pointer with 44 seconds to play put the Pistons ahead 108-101, but Goran Dragic responded with a four-point play, making a 3-pointer while being fouled with 32 seconds left. Detroit ran the clock down on the next possession, and Smith sank his only 3-point attempt of the game, from the right corner with 14 seconds to play.
"We played that the way we wanted, but Griffin made the pass and Smith stepped up and hit the 3," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "It doesn't matter if he's not known as a 3-point shooter, he made that one when they really needed it."
Dragic scored 33 points for the Heat, who have lost three in a row. Miami was without centre Hassan Whiteside, who was out with an illness.
Smith, who has struggled at times while trying to replace injured point guard Reggie Jackson, went 11 of 14 from the field and finished three points shy of his career high. His previous season high was 19 points.
As we settle into a new year, MOJEH takes a glance back to see how some of our favourite models saw out the last day of 2016. Surprisingly it was less about partying and more about rest and relaxation for the majority of the fashion set. From a super glam Iza Goulart in St. Barts to a bikini clad Lily Donaldson on private island Mustique we've rounded up some of the best New Year's Eve posts from Instagram.
301 Stainless Steel Market Report by Product Type (301 Annealed,301 1/4 Hard, 301 1/2 Hard, 301 Full Hard ) by Application /End User (Equipment Parts, Computer Parts ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the 301 Stainless Steel Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the 301 Stainless Steel Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of 301 Stainless Steel (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall 301 Stainless Steel Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/301-stainless-steel-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
301 Stainless Steel Market : By Product Type
• 301 Annealed
• 301 1/4 Hard
• 301 1/2 Hard
• 301 Full Hard
301 Stainless Steel Market : End Users/ Applications
• Equipment Parts
• Computer Parts
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/301-stainless-steel-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Kevin Morales
Cayman 27 News Director Kevin Morales is an award-winning journalist with more than 12 years of experience. Kevin is a Milwaukee, Wis., native. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in journalism in 2005 from the University of Minnesota. He's a proud father and a loyal fan of the Green Bay Packers, Milwaukee Brewers, Milwaukee Bucks and U of M Golden Gophers.
Those charges stemmed from the sale of Hockley Energy securities to Ontario investors six to seven years ago. A man and his sister, both in their 60s, invested a total of $606,000 in the Texas oilfields. They received some payments but were still out $475,000.
Months after being sent to jail, Dunk was charged with the latest offences, which happened between 2012 and 2016. She was under a cease-trade order when she sold promissory notes to Boychuk, her mother and cousin to fund closing costs for a joint venture between Rocky Point Energy and First Boston Global Custody and Trust Co.
She promised they would get the principal back and 15 per cent interest to be paid within 45 days.
Dunk told another investor his $50,000 would buy oil reserves at $15 a barrel and he would be rewarded with oil price proceeds above $60 a barrel in monthly instalments over seven years.
Before the charges, Dunk was a celebrated community member. She says she was awarded an Ontario Citizen of the Year award for community service in 1995.
Dunk went on to become a successful public speaker, "sought after by president Bill Clinton, Ellen DeGeneres, Suzanne Somers and Dr. Oz," according to her profile at worldwidebranding.com.
In 2012, she was one of the featured speakers at the Inspiring Women event in Kitchener. Dunk identified herself as an entrepreneur who overcame long-term sexual abuse at a young age and found a way to help other women find their inner strength.
Her previous good reputation helped convince people to invest.
"Thank you for your trust in me," Dunk wrote in a note to Boychuk soon after she invested.
"She seems to have been a rather upstanding citizen, well respected within the community, recipient of various awards, which would entail honesty and trustworthiness, " Justice Gary Hearn said in sentencing her in 2016.
"And I suspect it's a lot of those reasons why people such as the victims here became involved with Ms. Dunk."
The judge on the latest charges, Justice Melanie Sopinka, this week said some of Dunk's testimony was "completely unbelievable" and designed to paint herself in a positive light.
Boychuk credited Sopinka for an in-depth judgment, which took more than two hours to read.
"I wasn't expecting her to be that thorough. She came across as a phenomenal judge. Justice prevailed."
gpaul@therecord.com, Twitter: @GPaulRecord
gpaul@therecord.com , Twitter: @GPaulRecord
WEST SPRINGFIELD-- The West Springfield Town Council voted unanimously on Monday to allow the town to join a first-of-its-kind intermunicipal carbon sequestration program that will protect the Bear Hole watershed area and generate revenue for further preservation.
After listening to a pitch from former Mayor Edward C. Sullivan, who launched the effort before leaving office in 2016 to rejoin his family's paper company, the Town Council voted 8-0 to support a plan that is expected to generate more than $300,000 for the town over the next decade.
"I think this is a very good thing for West Springfield. It's almost like free money," Councilor George R. Kelly said.
The Tri City Carbon Project, as the effort is formally known, is a collaborative forest conservation plan with dividends for West Springfield, Holyoke and Westfield, the three communities bordering Bear Hole Reservoir.
"You're creating a carbon bank," said Sullivan, explaining the project to the Town Council at Monday night's meeting. "The three municipalities will take their carbon footprints and put them into this bank, and then it will go into the market and we'll be getting dollars for that," he said.
The collective preservation of forestland leads to so-called carbon credits that can be bought, sold or banked. The overall goal is to mitigate the level of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases emitted into the atmosphere, which can lead to warmer temperatures, rising sea levels and environmental degradation if left unchecked.
Rising temperatures are mainly due to man-made sources and practices, according to scientists, who cite deforestation, the raising of livestock, and the burning of coal, oil and natural gas as the primary culprits of global warming.
Westfield has yet to formally join the program, said Sullivan, who is optimistic the municipality's City Council will vote for the plan, which is still being considered at the subcommittee level. If Westfield were to reject the plan, "we have enough acreage to move forward with Holyoke," Sullivan said. "I don't anticipate a problem."
The deal approved by the West Springfield Town Council authorizes Mayor William C. Reichelt to execute a 10-year contract with Bluesource, a global vendor of carbon credits, and an interim municipal agreement with Holyoke and Westfield. The deal also allows West Side to continue cutting up to 20 percent of its annual forest growth.
"You can still cut," said Sullivan. "You just can't go crazy."
"I'm very happy to bring this project to completion," Reichelt said Tuesday, noting that the project got underway while he was still working as West Side's town attorney under Mayor Sullivan. Reichelt became the city's mayor in January 2016.
"I took part in drafting the first agreement and working with Westfield and Holyoke's law departments, but Mayor Sullivan has been a driving force in seeing this through," Reichelt said.
"This agreement will be the first of its kind, getting three municipalities to agree to sell carbon credits on the voluntary market," he said. "We hope the state and other communities use it as a guide to also protect their forests and generate income."
Sullivan said the project represents the first intermunicipal carbon credit program in the U.S., with each community receiving payments based on their acreage and carbon footprint. Of the approximately 15,000 acres involved in the Tri City Carbon Project, roughly 2,000 acres are located in West Springfield, 7,500 acres are in Holyoke, and another 5,800 acres are in Westfield.
Councilor Brian J. Griffin commended Sullivan for following through on the initiative after his public service career had ended. "So often we concentrate on taxation," said Griffin. "This is an excellent strategy that has been utilized here to find money, and I applaud everybody who's been involved with this."
Bluesource operates somewhat like a venture capitalist, playing a global market to sell carbon credits that represent the tonnage of estimated carbon from trees within a designated forest area. Bluesource's mathematical modeling takes into account the projected the growth of timber over a 10-year period, then converts the estimated tons of carbon into carbon credits and potential revenue.
"We already have to maintain (these trees) because they're in a watershed and they're in a park," Sullivan said. "They're going to be there anyway, so why not get paid for them? It becomes passive income."
A fiscal 2016 grant for $100,000 paid for the initial work, according to Sullivan, who only envisions money coming in to the municipalities that belong to the Tri City Carbon Project.
"So who's going to buy these carbon credits?" asked Sullivan. "Someone like GE or Disney, or folks like that who want to be good environmental citizens."
West Springfield's carbon footprint "will go into this bank and people will pay us for the carbon that we maintain on site," he said.
Carbon sequestration, or the long-term storage of carbon in the ocean, plants, soils and geologic formations, typically refers to the storage of carbon that has the immediate potential to become carbon dioxide. Rising levels of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are the primary causes of global warming.
Bonspiel is more than just a sporting event
The Alberni Valley Curling Club hosted its annual Mixed Bonspiel last weekend, drawing 24 teams from out of town for three days of curling.
The mixed event is the last of three bonspiels that the Curling Club holds every year, capping off a succcessful season.
But, explained Steve Eng of the Alberni Valley Curling Club, the bonspiel is more than just a sporting event—it's an opportunity for socializing.
“Everybody has a good time, and then they come back later,” he said.
The Alberni Valley Curling Club was established in 1952, and held many bonspiels during the “golden days” of curling.
“Bonspiels used to be quite the thing,” explained Eng.
Now, the curling club hosts three bonspiels a year, as well as league draws.
Some regulars visit from the Courtenay/Comox area, but the bonspiels also draw a crowd from the Victoria area.
“Pretty well the entire Island is represented,” said Eng. “We managed to pull out 40 teams. And this time they brought all their friends.”
Alberni's curling club is predominantly run by volunteers, which is why it still sees success after so many years. “It's a throwback to the old days,” said Eng. “Everybody volunteers, everybody does their part.”
The winner of the A Event on Sunday was the Sandwith team from Juan de Fuca, with the Alberti team from the Comox Valley coming in second.
The Eng team from Port Alberni won the B Event, and the Jones team from Juan de Fuca won the C Event.
The D Event winner was the Simpson team from Courtenay.
elena.rardon@albernivalleynews.com
FILE - In this March 25, 2015, file photo, U.S. Army soldiers from the 25th Infantry Division's 2nd Stryker Brigade Combat Team and South Korean soldiers take their position during a demonstration of the combined arms live-fire exercise as a part of the annual joint military exercise Foal Eagle between South Korea and the United States at the Rodriquez Multi-Purpose Range Complex in Pocheon, north of Seoul, South Korea. The Pentagon says the annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man, File)
FILE - In this March 25, 2015, file photo, U.S. Army soldiers from the 25th Infantry Division's 2nd Stryker Brigade Combat Team and South Korean soldiers take their position during a demonstration of the combined arms live-fire exercise as a part of the annual joint military exercise Foal Eagle between South Korea and the United States at the Rodriquez Multi-Purpose Range Complex in Pocheon, north of Seoul, South Korea. The Pentagon says the annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - At a potentially pivotal moment of diplomacy with North Korea, the Pentagon said Monday that annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1.
In a brief statement, the Pentagon said Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and his South Korean counterpart, Song Young-moo, agreed to go forward with the maneuvers, known as Foal Eagle and Key Resolve, "at a scale similar to" that of previous years.
North Korea has been notified of the schedule "as well as the defensive nature" of the exercises, the Pentagon said.
The timing and size of the annual maneuvers are especially sensitive this year because of heightened tension over the North's accelerated work last year on a nuclear-armed missile potentially capable of reaching the United States - followed, unexpectedly, by prospects for a diplomatic solution to the nuclear crisis.
North Korea typically objects to U.S.-South Korean military exercises, calling them dress rehearsals for an invasion. Washington and Seoul insist they are defensive and are needed to keep allied forces combat-ready.
After recent high-level talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, South Korean officials said Kim indicated his acceptance of the maneuvers. Kim also offered to meet personally with President Donald Trump to discuss giving up his nuclear weapons on unspecified terms, and Trump quickly agreed. The time and place of the unprecedented talks have not been set, but the White House indicated the summit would happen by May.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is scheduled to set the stage for that summit by meeting with Kim in April in the Demilitarized Zone, which separates the two Koreas.
It had been widely expected that the U.S.-South Korean military exercises would go ahead, even with the new prospects for diplomacy. Some have speculated that the maneuvers would be scaled back, but the Pentagon said they would be conducted at "the same scale, scope and duration" as in previous years.
The larger of the two exercises, Foal Eagle, is a field training exercise with about 11,500 U.S. troops and about 290,000 South Korean troops, according to a Pentagon spokesman, Marine Lt. Col. Christopher Logan. The other, known as Key Resolve, will involve about 12,200 U.S. troops and about 10,000 from South Korea.
"To avoid compromising exercise objectives, specifics regarding the exercise scenarios will not be discussed," Logan said, adding that the purpose is to "enhance" the ability of the U.S.-South Korean alliance to defend South Korean territory.
The U.S. has about 28,500 troops permanently stationed in South Korea and is obligated by treaty to defend the South in the event it is attacked by the North. The two Koreas are still technically at war because their 1950-53 war ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty.
6 countries who have won the World Cup on home soil
Phillipa Marie FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 460 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:06 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Many teams over the years have taken advantage of being World Cup hosts
There is a myth that states that the hosts of the World Cup may have some kind of unfair advantage because both Uraguay and Italy were able to win the first two World Cups in the 1930s in their home countries.
Of course, in the years that have followed, there have been a number of teams like Brazil and Italy who have debunked this myth by being able to win a number of World Cups outside of the comfort of their own country.
2018 will be the 21st World Cup final and there is a chance that hosts Russia could become just the seventh team to lift the historic trophy on home soil. There have only been a handful of other teams who have been able to accomplish this feat over the course of history and here are the ones who managed it.
#6 Uruguay
Uruguay were the first team in history to lift the World Cup trophy
Uruguay are still part of the 2018 World Cup after incredibly finding a way past Portugal a few days ago, but even though they are a team that many fans around the world haven't seen as favourites throughout this competition, they have already lifted the World Cup on two occasions.
Uruguay will always have the distinct advantage of being the first ever team to lift the Jules Rimet trophy back in 1930 when the final took place at the Estadio Centenario in Montevideo, Uruguay.
An interesting fact about this final is that aside from the 1966 World Cup in England that will be mentioned later in this list, this was the only final not to take place on a Sunday. Goals from Pablo Dorado, Pedro Cea, Santos Iriarte and Héctor Castro gave Uruguay a distinctive 4-2 win over Argentina who were leading 2-1 at one point in the match.
Uruguay went on to win the World Cup again in 1950, but have been unable to even get close to a World Cup final ever since.
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
Southington coach Connor Green stated that his Lady Knight outdoor track and field team was definitely setting up to be in a great position for the postseason. He said that it was going to take a team effort and a lot of depth to win a conference title, and Green wasn't too far off his postseason predictions, even in sloppy conditions.
The Knights entered the first leg of their postseason stretch when they traveled to Hall High School on Wednesday, May 22 for a rainy CCC West Championship and were on the doorstep of a conference title after finishing as runner-up with 121.2 points to Glastonbury (183.4) out of eight teams, garnering 19 medalists and six conference champions. Simsbury (116.2) placed third, followed by Hall (91.2), Avon (86.5), Conard (55.5), NW Catholic (27), and Farmington (20).
Green said that every other conference in the state either had their conference meet on Monday or moved it from Tuesday to Wednesday. He said that the West Division was the only branch of the CCC that decided against moving their conference meet to another day to avoid the rain.
“We experienced all the rain and cold,” said Green. “For my girls to still go out there and compete at the level that they did, I was extremely happy.”
Green said that Tuesday could have been one of those days where his girls arrived at the meet, saw how crappy the conditions were, and gave up. But instead, Green said that he knows for a fact that every one of them gave their best effort.
“Did they get their best performances? Maybe not,” said Green. “But I never, for once, doubted their integrity and intention when it came to competing.”
Southington's lone first-place finish on the track came from Morgan Hubert, Sarah Minkiewicz, Anny Moquete-Volquez, Kate Kemnitz, Kailey Schmarr, Amanda Perkowski, Meghan Sheline, and Emma Plourde in the 4x800m with a time of 9:40.95, which was Southington's fastest 4x800m time on the season.
Green said that Southington was neck-and-neck with the other teams through the first leg. Hubert handed the baton off to Minkiewicz, who was kept close to Simsbury and Glastonbury. Southington started to pull away from Glastonbury, and then it just came down to Simsbury.
Green said that once Moquete-Volquez received the baton, she closed on the small gap between Southington and Simsbury immediately and eventually passed Simsbury, building a big enough lead by the time the baton found Kemnitz's grasp.
“That was spectacular to watch,” said Green. “Simsbury, Glastonbury, and Hall are teams that are not slouches by any means. Anny Moquete-Volquez closed on the Simsbury girl immediately, which was phenomenal. Even though Simsbury and Glastonbury had stud anchors, we had a big enough lead that Kate Kemnitz was able to hold them off.”
It seemed like the Knights dominated the field events, as they had done all season. As the only Knight to claim the conference crown in two events, Amanda Howe took first in the shot put with a mark of 38'11.5” and discus with a distance of 136 feet. Howe beat out the next closest competitor in the discus by an inch under 30 feet.
Allie Brown took first in the high jump with a height of 4'10”, edging four other competitors in a tiebreaker as the only athlete in the event to hit 4'10” on her first attempt. She came within two inches of her season best.
Green said that Brown has been battling an injury over the past couple of weeks. She was on a schedule where she would compete one day and then take the next couple of days off until she competed again. He said that she went a couple of weeks without competing coming into the conference meet.
“She was tied for the number one seed,” said Green. “But for her to actually come out, be a senior captain, lead our team, and get 10 points for us was just fantastic.”
Megan Biscoglio took first in the pole vault with a height of 10'6”. Janette Wadolowski took first in the javelin with a distance of 108'2”.
Wadolowski was just one of seven Knights that competed in the javelin, as they all finished in the top 13 out of 21 competitors. Those athletes included Mikaela June (2nd), Julia Groll (4th), Alijah Vega (5th), Jessica Griffin (8th), Gabriella Mondo (9th), and Brianna Harris (13th). June improved her state mark (99'10”) in the event an inch shy of four feet.
Southington's other medalists included Tayler Riddick, Abby Connolly, Samantha Przybylski, Natalie Verderame, Livvy Pizzitola, and Shannon Litchfield in the 4x100m (2nd); Kemnitz, Plourde, Brown, Verderame, Minkiewicz, Hubert, Logan Fischer, and Sheline in the 4x400m (3rd); Trinity Cardillo in the shot put (3rd); Lily Scalise in the 300m hurdles (5th); Deborah Hannigan in the discus (5th); Livvy Pizzitola in the 100m (6th); Verderame in the 400m (6th); and Kemnitz in the 800m (6th).
The Knights will enter the second leg of the postseason on Wednesday, May 30 when they travel to New Britain High School to compete in the Class LL Championship. Meet time is 3 p.m. Danbury is the defending champion.
The Knights have athletes qualified in all 18 events of the state meet. They are deepest in the javelin with six athletes qualified. Green said that the 4x800m is currently ranked third in Class LL and in the top six in the state.
With 15 all-conference athletes heading into the state meet, Green said that Southington is a long shot for a team state title, but should compete for a number of individual state titles.
“Our goal is to have, at least, four or five individuals and possibly two or more relays make the state open,” said Green. “A goal of top three is probably pretty realistic.”
For more in depth coverage, see our weekly print edition. To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email him at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
Patton Kizzire already has two PGA Tour victories this season and is No. 2 in the FedEx Cup. That still might not be enough to avoid qualifying for the U.S. Open.
The USGA in 2012 eliminated its exemption for multiple winners on the PGA Tour from the previous U.S. Open when it revamped its criteria that focused more on the top 60 in the world ranking. Kizzire is at No. 57 this week.
The cutoff for being among the top 60 is on May 21, after the AT&T Byron Nelson. There also is another cutoff for the top 60 on June 11, the final ranking going into the U.S. Open on June 14-17 at Shinnecock Hills.
Chief among the prominent names not yet eligible is Adam Scott, who has played in 67 consecutive majors dating to the 2001 British Open at Royal Lytham & St. Annes. Scott, who missed the cut last week in the Texas Open, is at No. 64.
Alexander Levy of France moved up 19 spots to No. 47 with his victory last week on the European Tour, and that might be enough to secure his spot.
Among those near the top 60 with three tournaments remaining — the Zurich Classic in New Orleans does not offer world ranking points as a team event — are Luke List and Thomas Pieters (tied at No. 54), Bernd Wiesberger (No. 60), Ryan Moore (No. 62), Charles Howell III (No. 63) and former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel (No. 65). Schwartzel has played in every major dating to the 2009 U.S. Open at Bethpage Black.
The winner of The Players Championship in three weeks gets a three-year exemption.
NIEMANN'S DEBUT
Joaquin Niemann already has shown a knack for the big occasion this year.
The 19-year-old from Chile thought he was playing his final round as an amateur in January until he shot a 63 in the last round to win the Latin American Amateur Championship, which got him into the Masters.
He delayed turning pro to play at Augusta National. And in his pro debut, Niemann shot 67-67 on the weekend to finish sixth in the Texas Open. The top-10 finish will get him into the Wells Fargo Championship next week at Quail Hollow, along with giving him a big start toward earning special temporary membership on the PGA Tour and having access to unlimited sponsor exemptions.
He has 100 FedEx Cup points and needs 365 to earn special temporary membership. Niemann says he already has received exemptions for the AT&T Byron Nelson and the Memorial.
"I think this is going to give me a lot of confidence to try to do my card for this year," Niemann said. "Thing is, I've got a couple more tournaments coming and I just can't wait for it."
Niemann also is exempt into the final stage of U.S. Open qualifying. He gave that up from his Latin American Amateur victory by turning pro, but the U.S. Open exempts Mark H. McCormack Medal winners (No. 1 in the world amateur ranking) into sectional qualifying if they no longer are amateur.
SCOTT'S SCHEDULING
Adam Scott tends to play less rather than more, though he's not opposed to making it up as he goes along depending on the mood and the game. That's one reason he chose to play the Texas Open coming off a 70-71 weekend at the Masters.
It didn't work out as Scott played in the windy side of the draw in San Antonio, didn't play particularly well and missed the cut.
But it reminded him of an occasion 10 years ago, when he tied for 25th at the Masters with a reasonable performance. He flew home to Australia and played golf with some of his friends. And he was playing well.
"And I'm like, 'Why am I wasting my good golf on you guys?'" Scott said. "So I flew back the next week to Dallas and won the Byron Nelson. Kind of one of those things where you can't be so stubborn. I'm trying to be really in tune with where my game's at and identify why I'm just not having better results. To change that, I've got to change something. Otherwise, I'm just going to do the same thing."
DIVOTS
Luke Donald is stepping away to try to heal an ailing back. Donald, a former world No. 1 who hasn't won since the end of 2013 in Japan, said on Twitter that he has been trying to play with back pain for the last few months and has decided to get treatment and take time off to recover. "Gutted about this but I'm fully committed to getting back out onto the course," he tweeted. ... CBS broadcaster Jim Nantz will receive the Ambassador of Golf Award this year at the Bridgestone Invitational. He joins two former colleagues, producer Frank Chirkinian and lead analyst Ken Venturi, in receiving the award. ... The LPGA Tour is back in Los Angeles and San Francisco, giving California 12 tournaments on the PGA Tour, LPGA Tour and PGA Tour Champions combined. ... Inbee Park has returned to No. 1 in the world in women's golf. Five players were at No. 1 since Park last topped the ranking in October 2015.
STAT OF THE WEEK
The Zurich Classic is the first time the four reigning major champions are at the same tournament since the Tour Championship.
FINAL WORD
"I feel like a veteran right now. I feel like a tour player now. I know I can beat these guys and just going to wait for my week and try to win." — Joaquin Niemann after finishing sixth in his professional debut at the Texas Open.
By Doug Ferguson, The Associated Press
The Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan's representative speaks out about the International Criminal Court's decision to investigate crimes committed by all sides in the Central Asian country, since May 1, 2003. “There's no indication that US crimes have stopped occurring in Afghanistan,” Friba says.
Edu Montesanti: The International Criminal Court (ICC) chief prosecutor Fatou Bensouda has said that there is “reasonable basis to believe” that U.S. forces had committed war crimes during the invasion and occupation of Afghanistan”. According to the report handed down to the ICC by prosecutor Bensouda, at least 61 detainees were subjected to torture, cruel treatment and “outrages upon personal dignity,” by US service personnel. The majority of incidents were believed to have taken place between 2003 and 2004, and allegedly continued until the end of 2014. Between Dec. 2002 and Mar. 2008, at least 27 detainees were also believed to have been subjected to similar treatment by CIA members, in Afghanistan as well as sites in Poland, Romania, and Lithuania. What are your thoughts on these facts?
Friba / RAWA's spokeswoman: Throughout its history, wherever the US has invaded or intervened, it has used inhumane torture methods as a weapon to intimidate people and suppress uprisings.
Anyone who knows that bloody history of US, especially in South American and Southeast Asian countries, knows that the CIA has not only tortured – and eventually killed – intellectuals, leftists, and nationalists of those countries but has trained its reactionary, criminal puppet governments to follow the same methods. European imperialist powers, these loyal US allies, have followed the same formula in countries under their domain.
In Afghanistan, the-called “War on Terror” waged by the US was also accompanied by the creation of CIA-run detention centers or “black sites” and the running of the “extraordinary rendition” program.
Disguised as “enhanced interrogation techniques” to deceive people about the inhumane nature of these methods, systematic torture was and is routinely used against Afghan detainees. In some instances, detainees are handed over to the Afghan intelligence or police who are well-known in participating in torture.
The Senate reports heart-wrenching reports, the horrifying photos released from Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq, the terrifying stories of Guantánamo Bay prisoners, and tens of witness accounts of the victims of the CIA's rendition program, have shaken the world's conscience, but there is no indication that such crimes have stopped occurring.
The EU's tacit approval for the creation of secret detention centers in their Member States which was used by the CIA for its rendition program makes it complicit in the gross torture used upon the victims of the program. Despite credible information and gut-wrenching accounts of victims, the detention centers were allowed to run for years and there was no proper investigation or prosecution of the countries involved.
The ICC report mentioned is a rare glimpse into this institutionalized practice that has been going on throughout the US wars in the past few decades. The destruction of evidence by the CIA in 2005 and the continued classification of the Senate Intelligence Committee report on CIA Torture is the attitude the US has officially adopted in the face of this grave crime.
Investigations and prosecution in such cases are carried out by the US army itself, and unsurprisingly, those implicated are either acquitted or awarded sentences that are no more than a slap on the wrist.
Torture is a hallmark of US invasions and interventions. It no longer comes as a surprise or “revelation” that such horrendous crimes are committed wherever the US steps, as our country's invasion has shown us.
EM: RAWA often denounces crimes against civilians. Can you detail crimes against prisoners in Afghanistan? Do you think the ICC has to investigate the US forces and the CIA for other crimes in Afghanistan?
Friba: US war crimes in Afghanistan range from massacres and deadly night raids to torture and unlawful detentions. CIA-run detention centers in Afghanistan are highly secret and not much information gets out of those sites. The biggest detention center for prisoners arrested by the US is in the Bagram Airbase, near Kabul.
Not much information has been released on the condition of the prison, and even the number of prisoners has not been accurately reported. According to some estimates, there are 600 prisoners, most of whom have not been charged and have no access to lawyers or attorneys.
The few documents declassified from the Senate Intelligence Committee report on CIA torture, detailed the torture techniques used in the detention center, codenamed Cobalt, which include beatings, shackling to ceilings, tying up of prisoners, prolonged sleep and food deprivation, stress positions for extended periods of time, and “rectal feeding”. The most shocking revelation detailed by witnesses is the use of dogs to rape the Afghan prisoners.
Several witnesses have recounted stories of how they were tortured or witnessed torture. Two innocent Afghan prisoners, Habibullah and Dilawar were gruesomely killed under torture in 2002, under the command of US servicemen. Gul Rahman was left in the cold and died of hypothermia overnight.
Other victims have recounted the horror they faced in detention, but no complete, official report has been released regarding this dungeon. Even the delegation sent to the detention site to probe torture claims turned a blind eye to the “inhumane” condition of the site and conclude that it was “not inhumane”.
The absence of a proper national judicial system in Afghanistan, the limitations of the ICC system itself, and its poor track record in prosecuting powerful countries and figures, unfortunately, does not paint a hopeful picture for innocent Afghan victims who would want to get justice in this court.
Although the remedy for torture is prevention and there are no indications that torture is to be prevented, justice served at any point in a victim's life serves them a certain level of closure and peace, which Afghan victims are most likely to be deprived of.
EM: The U.S. has not ratified the Rome statute which sets out the court – President George W. Bush renounced the treaty, citing fears that Americans would be unfairly prosecuted for political reasons. How do you evaluate this fact?
Friba: The US has not ratified several important international treaties, citing excuses similar to the one mentioned here. The real reason is that the ratification of such treaties and their associated courts will hinder, to a little degree, the US in its hegemonic ambitions. The limitations created by the US state for its own civilians through laws regarding different matters shows this truth, and this policy is followed in the international arena as well.
That said, we should not forget that justice is routinely squashed by imperialist powers when their selfish interests are in danger. The EU which has ratified the Rome statute and tens of other human rights-related treaties, and claims to be the torch bearer of human rights in today's world, has participated in the CIA rendition program and allowed black sites in its Member States.
The crimes committed in this program have been documented by witnesses, but not one country was properly investigated by the EU's courts or the ICC. Today, we see that these treaties, institutions, and courts have been reduced to meaningless acronyms who are simply onlookers in the face of human rights violations committed by powerful countries.
Chants of justice and human rights by the Western powers, especially the US, are extremely hypocritical and offer no assistance or remedy to the victims, for these powers are themselves the actual perpetrators of these crimes.
*
Edu Montesanti is an independent analyst, researcher and journalist whose work has been published by Truth Out, Pravda, Global Research, Telesur, the Brazilian magazine Caros Amigos and numerous other publications across the globe. www.edumontesanti.skyrock.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hidden Figures
Hidden Figures uncovers the little-known true story of a brilliant group of women who helped NASA win the space race against the Soviet Union.
The movie shows how an elite team of African-American female mathematicians at NASA worked tirelessly behind the scenes on the mission to send man into space.
At the same time as reaching for the stars, they also sent the quest for equal rights and opportunity rocketing forwards. These NASA mathematicians were forging a path to overcome the prejudice of race, as it existed in 1962, but also their second-class status as women at that time.
Octavia Spencer, who plays Dorothy Vaughan, told the Chicago Sun Times that the three female leads “had to immerse ourselves in that time period. Contemporary women today have opportunities these women simply did not have. To know that these brilliant minds — these people who contributed so much to science, technology, engineering and math — had no voice and had no voice in the political process because they didn't have the right to vote at that time made it all the more imperative that we make this movie.”
The stars also told Elle Magazine that this film has huge relevance today in the present political climate. Taraji P. Henson said: "There's a reason why it was made now and not two years ago, not five years, not ten years ago—because the universe needed it now,"
She added that the women they portrayed in Hidden Figures didn't have the benefit of a platform or a voice, and yet they were able to overcome major obstacles: "What I admire most about them, and it makes me think about being in the industry: Do not focus on the problems, focus on the solutions. Wallowing amok and talking about the problem is not moving us. What are we going to do to get past this? And I think that's why this film is so timely, because...interestingly enough, it's 1962 again, almost, right?"
The story of these three women is little known. But when space travel was in its infancy, the computers used to calculate all the figures needed to plan the missions were notoriously unreliable. That's where these three brilliant mathematicians saved the day – by checking every single one of the calculations.
Everyone knows about the Apollo missions. We can all immediately list the bold male astronauts who took those first giant steps for mankind in space: John Glenn, Alan Shepard and Neil Armstrong. Yet, remarkably, Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson's are names not taught in school or even known to most people - even though their powerful roles as NASA's ingenious "human computers" were indispensable to advances that allowed for human space flight.
Director Theodore Melfi brings the women's rise to the top ranks of aerospace in the thrilling early days of NASA to life via a fast-moving, humour-filled, inspiring entertainment that illuminates both the gutsy quest for Earth's first, seemingly impossible orbital flight and also the powerful things that can result when women unite.
Hidden Figures takes place at the crossroads of the most defining struggles in American history: the evolving fight for Civil Rights; the battle to win the high-stakes Cold War without risking nuclear war and be the first superpower to establish a human presence outside planet Earth; and the ongoing drive to show how the mind-boggling technological breakthroughs that create the world's future have nothing to do with gender or background.
Touchingly, Katherine G. Johnson, now in her 90s, finds the growing fascination with her life's work and that of her fellow compatriots a surprise as she says she was always just doing her best for her job, her family and her community, as she believes anybody would. "I was just solving problems that needed to be solved," she says with characteristic modesty.
As for what she advises people facing challenges today, Johnson says: "Stick with it. No matter the problem, it can be solved. A woman can solve it - and a man can too, if you give him a lot of time."
The film's star, Taraji P. Henson, revealed to the Chicago Sun Times she was very nervous the first time she prepared to meet Katherine G. Johnson, the mathematician she was going to portray in Hidden Figures.
“Talk about pressure,” the actress said with a big laugh. “You have to meet someone when you're doing research for a role where you not only are going to play a real person, but someone who is still alive. Her family members are still alive. There's a certain responsibility that comes with that — but oh, there's also so much pressure! You don't want to let them all down.”
One of the brightest minds of her generation, mathematician, physicist and space scientist, Katherine Johnson was born in West Virginia in 1918. She became the first African American woman to attend graduate school at West Virginia University, when the state first integrated its graduate schools in 1930.
Originally a teacher, Johnson was hired as a computer at NASA's Langley Research Centre in 1953. She was assigned to the Flight Research Division and became indispensable, doing calculations for orbital trajectories on the early Mercury flights. Johnson did trajectory analysis for Alan Shepard, the first American in Space. Her maths were instrumental to the success of the historic Friendship 7 Mission, in which astronaut John Glenn became the first American to orbit the earth.
The early electronic IBM computer was essential to Glenn's flight, but not reliable, so Glenn insisted that "the girl" (he meant Johnson) manually check the numbers before his flight. The successful flight, of course, marked a turning point in the Space Race between the United States and the former Soviet Union. The stellar mathematician also worked on the calculations for the 1969 Apollo 11 flight to the moon, the Space Shuttle and the Earth Resources Satellite. In 2015, Katherine Johnson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Obama.
Dorothy Vaughan, played by Octavia Spencer, was born in Kansas City, Missouri, in 1910 and was a gifted child who excelled academically and musically. Her family relocated to West Virginia when she was eight. Aged 15, Vaughan won a full scholarship to Wilberforce University in Ohio. The mother of six was a schoolteacher before joining NASA's Langley Research Centre as a ‘computer' in the 40s. She was promoted to a management position and became NASA's first black supervisor. Dorothy died in 2008.
Mary Jackson, played by Janelle Monae, was born in Hampton Virginia in 1921, and graduated in maths and physical science from Hampton Institute. The mother of two initially worked as teacher before starting her NASA career as a ‘computer'. Recognized for her excellent engineering skills, Jackson was encouraged by NASA engineer Kazimierz Czarnecki to enter a training program that would enable her to be promoted from mathematician to engineer. Jackson went on to become NASA's first black female aerospace engineer and is thought to be the first black female engineer in the United States. She died in 2005.
The Great Wall
When mercenary warrior Matt Damon is imprisoned within the Great Wall, he discovers the mystery behind one of the greatest wonders of our world.
As wave after wave of marauding beasts, intent on devouring the world, besiege the massive structure, his quest for fortune turns into a journey toward heroism as he joins a huge army of elite warriors to confront this unimaginable and seemingly unstoppable force.
Directed by one of the most breath-taking visual stylists of our time, Zhang Yimou (Raise the Red Lantern, Hero, House of Flying Daggers), the action-fantasy marks his first English-language production and the largest film ever shot entirely in China.
In The Great Wall, Damon stars as William Garin, a battle-scarred mercenary and master archer taken captive by a secret army of elite warriors known as The Nameless Order. In a vast military outpost called the Fortress City, they fight to protect humanity from supernatural forces upon one of the greatest defensive structures ever built: The Great Wall. On his journey, Garin is joined by Pedro Pascal (Netflix's Narcos, HBO's Game of Thrones) as his sword-wielding sidekick, Pero Tovar, a tough, wise-cracking Spaniard who has become a brother-in-arms to William; and Willem Dafoe as Ballard, a shadowy prisoner inside the fortress who plans his escape from his long-time captors while hoping to pilfer their greatest weapon during his getaway.
Headlining the superstar Chinese cast are a widely celebrated Asian industry veteran and one of its rising new stars. The renowned Hong Kong actor Andy Lau (House of Flying Daggers, Running Out of Time, Infernal Affairs) reunites with director Zhang as Strategist Wang, the sage alchemist inside the fortress whose clever inventions help its inhabitants keep the monstrous forces at bay. He is joined by breakout actress Jing Tian (Special ID, Police Story 2013, The Man from Macau) as Lin Mae, the fearless fighter and leader of the fortress' balletic, gravity-defying aerial warriors, the all-female Crane Corps. In turn, she ultimately rises to command the outpost's entire military faction, The Nameless Order, against the creature attacks.
The Great Wall filmed entirely on location in China, the largest Hollywood co-production ever mounted in the world's fourth-largest country.
The Founder
The Founder is a drama that tells the true story of how Ray Kroc, a salesman from Illinois, met Mac and Dick McDonald, who were running a burger operation in the 1950s Southern California. Impressed by the brothers' ‘Speedee' system of making the food at their San Bernardino hamburger stand and the crowds of patrons it attracted, Kroc immediately saw franchise potential and manoeuvred himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a billion-dollar empire. And thus McDonald's was born.
Michael Keaton stars as the maverick American entrepreneur Ray Kroc, who transformed McDonald's from a San Bernardino hamburger stand into a global empire now with over 35,000 locations around the world.
“The first time I heard about this project and started reading the script, my first thought was, why has no one told this story before?” the actor reflects. “This is a classic, capitalist, American story. And everyone has a connection to McDonald's – no matter what you may feel about them as an adult. It's a childhood connection. It's not just a hamburger or food. McDonald's was the biggest shift in popular culture and fast food that there will ever be. It wasn't just about a hamburger. It's where America was at the time and how it changed everything.”
Nick Offerman and John Carroll Lynch portray Dick and Mac McDonald, the innovative brothers whose assembly line system brought industrial efficiency to the preparation of their limited menu of burgers, fries, shakes and sodas during a dynamic period in post-war America when people were time-strapped and clamouring for speed.
The Founder is directed by John Lee Hancock, based on an original screenplay by Robert Siegel.
Visit Light Cinema Cambridge , Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, Cambridge.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage disco has sparked fury by banning 'deplorable' low-cut, above the knee dresses and demanding girls attend instead in 'discreet' frocks.
Fusion Ball, based in Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland, shared a post on its Facebook page showing a series of outfits with plunging necklines and thigh slits with the word 'NO' stamped across them.
The rules have been met with fury amid claims that organisers are trying to 'police' what young girls are wearing - but Fusion said they have always had a dress code as they organise events for 15-year-olds.
The Facebook post read: "Due to the deplorable dresses at the last ball it is necessary to fully enforce a knee length dress with NO PLUNGING NECKLINE dress code for the mid-term ball.
"Any of the following dresses or any dresses similar to the following will NOT be accepted on the night. Keep it Neat and Discreet ladies."
(Photo: Facebook)
But their hardline stance on dress code triggered an angry backlash online, reports the Irish Mirror .
One responded: "What I find truly deplorable is the fact the old men and women believe that it's okay to so disgustingly police what young women chose to wear to have a fun night out with their friends of the same age group.
"Clearly if a young woman is wearing a dress that was most likely paid for by their parents, their parents have approved the dress."
Another angry user added: "I personally think this is very sexist against women (who should) freely wear what they please what they feel comfortable in.
"This is 2017 not the 1950s, women are not sexual objects, you can't treat us like that by telling us what to hide because you're uncomfortable seeing us wearing a dress that shows skin."
But some people agreed with Fusion Ball's dresscode.
One supporter said: "I can't actually believe that people are getting p***** off that a teen disco has a dress code for girls.
"Would much rather they have a safe night and look respectable than dress like prostitutes and get perved on by creep old men on their way home.
"Fair play fusion ball."
Another added: "I'm all for enforcing the dress code.
"Well done 2 u, shocking what u see on young girls these days. Fairplay."
Following the online debate, Fusion Ball posted another status.
It said: "We organise these events for 15-year-old children to attend in a safe, supervised and fun environment.
"Our dress code has always been in place since our first ever ball back in 2005.
"We put up a reminder of this before every ball and we also have it on the back of all tickets."
WHILE relegated Hull KR were battling away in the Championship last year, Wakefield Trinity winger Tom Johnstone spent most of his season facing his own demons after a knee reconstruction had blighted his exciting progress.
Both parties, then, were desperate to make their Super League return last night but it was undoubtedly only the England hopeful left celebrating at the end.
Wakefiekd Trinity's David Fifita (left) is tackled by Hull KR's Maurice Blair.
Looking like he had never been away, Johnstone scored a marvellous hat-trick to mark his first league game since suffering that painful injury last April in style.
To think, Trinity head coach Chris Chester had toyed with the idea of leaving him out as well to allow Mason Caton-Brown to continue from where he left off last year.
It was also a welcome return to KCOM Craven Park for Chester himself; he was sacked as Hull KR boss – ironically after a loss to Wakefield – just three games into the 2016 season.
Rovers, of course, were relegated that year but their loss has certainly been Trinity's gain.
Seeking to build on last year's near-fourth finish, they impressed in their opening Super League game last night, not least with their clinical work in attack but also with the manner they defended their line against opponents who were limited to Chris Clarkson's 56th-minute try.
Jacob Miller was at the heart of most of the visitors' best creative moments while the likes of David Fifita, Keegan Hirst and debutant Pauli Pauli caused plenty of issues.
Reece Lyne excelled at centre and the damage would have been far greater if Liam Finn had not converted just two of their six tries.
The win was forged early on, though, Wakefield crucially making Tim Sheens's side pay when they were reduced to 12 men in the 12th minute.
Matty Marsh blatantly pulled back Johnstone as the 22-year-old tried supporting a break and the yellow card was inevitable.
Johnstone, fittingly, instantly scored his first as Wakefield found space far too easily down Rovers' right-edge.
When Justin Carney, the marauding Australian winger who otherwise performed well, conceded a penalty for incorrectly playing the ball, the visitors struck once more.
Again they attacked that left edge and – for all their handling was slick – it was again far too easy to penetrate.
Matters got worse, for Sheens's side though. By the time, Marsh returned they were actually only 8-0 down as Finn had fluffed both conversion attempts .
But just seconds after the Rovers player put them back up to 13, Trinity scored again, Ireland captain Finn amazed at being able to dummy his way over via some more paperthin defence.
This time he did convert and it was crucial the struggling hosts stopped the slide.
The introduction of Shaun Lunt off the bench did instantly pep them up, the ex-England hooker bringing some direction and injecting fluidity into their attacks as he began linking with former Leeds colleague McGuire.
But twice they wasted attacking position, once when Marsh dropped a pass on the first tackle after space had been created direct from a scrum and then again when Chris Clarkson nudged one forward to Thomas Minns.
Earlier, Tommy Lee had fumbled, too, and the glaring profligacy was highlighted further when Johnstone eased in for his second try for an 18-0 interval lead.
To their credit, the East Yorkshire club clearly came out for the second period with a different mindset.
They were unfortunate to see a Marsh effort ruled out for obstruction and, as McGuire's kicking started to improve matters, Trinity were made to work hard.
They just managed to deny Carney a try and – after Johnstone almost muscled over for his treble – they did finally break, McGuire's astute looping pass furnishing Clarkson, Ryan Shaw improving.
Wakefield had ignored the chance of an easy two points not long before and, with the Rovers crowd sensing a comeback at 18-6, they had to dig deep again.
Nevertheless, Johnstone –who was so strong and physical throughout – made sure with a world-class finish in the 67th minute, collecting another Miller pass before sailing through the air to finish one-handed in the corner.
There was time, too, for Ryan Hampshire to cross on debut and they will now look forward to next Friday's home game against Salford Red Devils with relish.
Rovers? Their party was ruined here and they have the small matter of a game at champions Leeds Rhinos next Thursday, McGuire's first return to the club where he made his name.
Hull KR: Quinlan; Shaw, Heffernan, Minns, Carney; McGuire, Marsh; Jewitt, Lee, Mulhern, Blair, Greenwood, Clarkson. Substitutes: Kavanagh, Salter, Lunt, Masoe.
Wakefield Trinity: Grix; Jones-Bishop, Lyne, Tupou, Johnstone; Miller, Finn; Fifita, Wood, England, Ashurst, Horo, Arona. Substitutes: Hampshire, Kirmond, Pauli, Hirst.
Referee: Chris Kendall (Huddersfield).
Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Nearly a week has passed since the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history and investigators are continuing to look for clues into why the shooter did what he did.
Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Around the Nation Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Investigators Still Looking For Motive Of Las Vegas Shooter Audio will be available later today. Nearly a week has passed since the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history and investigators are continuing to look for clues into why the shooter did what he did. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
DETROIT — Two-time Olympic boxing champion Claressa Shields is looking to take over another division.
The 23-year-old super middleweight champion is scheduled to take on Hanna Gabriels for vacant middleweight title on June 22 at Masonic Temple in Detroit.
Shields, who is from Flint, Michigan, is training with John David Jackson for the first time. She has won all five of her fights, including two by knockouts.
The 35-year-old Gabriels, who is from Costa Rica, is a super welterweight champion. She is 18-1 with 11 knockouts.
Some old school hunters will need a printer if they want to continue resisting going digital for their hunting licenses.
The South Dakota Department of Game, Fish and Parks announced today that it will discontinue printing and shipping paper applications for three big game licenses to license retailers.
The licenses affected are for paddlefish, spring turkey, and special buck.
Why is this happening? In 2016 the GFP received 24,041 applications for those three seasons. Only 1,514 were sent in on paper applications. That's 6%.
“We send a large quantity of applications to our licensing agents across the state, and they're just not getting used,” said Shon Eide, GFP licensing program administrator. “Individuals who wish to still submit a paper application can do so by downloading the PDF off the website, print and mail it to the Fort Pierre licensing office. With this change, we continue to encourage individuals to apply for these (and other) seasons online at gfp.sd.gov.”
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox! Name * First Last
Email *
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol vegans may have been looking forward to the delayed launch of Roots Lounge for months but nobody could have been more relieved to see the doors finally open earlier this month than owners Shelley Timbrell and Glen Schrader.
This Midsomer Norton couple took over the property in St Nicholas Street, formerly the Guy Fawkes hairdressing salon, in June 2016 but they encountered endless problems and delays for almost two years.
Roots Lounge is the first business venture for physiotherapist Shelley and her landscape gardener partner Glen, who have thrown everything they have into this new vegan cafe despite the endless problems.
A few months after they got the keys of the building, they discovered it was Grade II listed, which the landlord had apparently neglected to tell them.
They had to get an architect, which cost another £10,000 on top of the spiralling set-up costs, and then there was a leak from the flat above, which damaged the beautiful Grade II-listed ceiling.
It took the couple another six months of planning because the ceiling had to go back up like-for-like and that cost the landlord another £25,000. At the same time as the ceiling collapsed, Shelley caught whooping cough and then her father passed away.
What at times must have seemed an uphill struggle finally paid off when they opened the doors at the start of March and it has been busy ever since.
The two-room cafe has a homely feel with sofas, mismatched furniture, huge pot plants, a record player and books that may well have come from the shelves back at the couple's house in Midsomer Norton.
The long-term plan is for Roots Lounge to serve all-day breakfasts, waffles and pancakes, salads, pies and daily specials like bowls of massaman curry.
In these early days as they find their feet and see what customers want, the menu is a limited blackboard choice of wraps, sandwiches and cakes, with a daily special (on this visit a BBQ vegan burger with chips and salad for £9.50).
The wraps and sandwiches are £5.95 plus £1.50 for chips or sweet potato fries and salad. Options include BBQ jackfruit and dressed slaw; vegan sausage and caramelised onion, and falafel and beetroot hummus.
I went for the hoisin seitan and Asian-style veg wrap (£5.95) and paid the extra for the sweet potato fries. The wrap was generously filled with chopped carrots, peppers, leek, spinach and red cabbage bound with a sweet and spicy sauce and crisp slices of seitan, a ‘meat substitute' that's often referred to as ‘wheat meat' but it's really not as bad as it sounds.
The sweet potato fries were not the greatest advert for the kitchen's skills. Burnt, soft and floppy, I could only manage a couple before placing my paper napkin over them. They need to work on these.
The problems at Roots Lounge haven't gone away since they opened the doors. They have had to alter the opening hours - partly to fit around the school run for their daughter - and then there was a problem with the gas supply.
It took me three attempts to visit in the past week - on two trips they weren't open - so it was very much a case of ‘third time lucky' when I found it open on Saturday lunchtime.
Yet despite the delays and problems, Shelley and Glen were still smiling behind the counter as their daughter amused herself on a laptop in the corner.
Hopefully, they have now turned a corner and they can put their energies into the day-to-day running of Roots Lounge and expanding the menu.
THE VERDICT:
They have a great site in a city that needs more good quality vegan food - hopefully their run of bad luck has changed and they can capitalise on it by making Roots Lounge the place they always dreamed it would be.
RATINGS:
Overall: Three
Food: Two
Service: Three
Ambience: Three
Value: Four
Where is it? Roots Lounge, 6-8 St Nicholas Street, Bristol, BS1 1UQ. Tel: 0117 3020021.
By The Associated Press
UKHIA, Bangladesh (AP) — An AP investigation finds the rape of Rohingya women by Myanmar's security forces has been sweeping and methodical.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
He will be No. 1 for at least 62 weeks, significant in that only three other players have stayed atop the world ranking longer since it began in 1986 — Nick Faldo (81 weeks), Greg Norman (96 weeks) and Tiger Woods (264 weeks and 281 weeks).
It might not last much longer. Thomas, who could have replaced Johnson by winning his semifinal match in the Dell Technologies Match Play, gets another chance next week at the Wells Fargo Championship. That's at Quail Hollow, where Thomas won the PGA Championship last summer.
Jon Rahm also had a chance to get to No. 1 in January until a 75-77 weekend at Torrey Pines.
With so many big tournaments coming up, a half-dozen players are in the mix for No. 1 by the end of the season.
Best season
Patrick Reed can easily claim this because of that green jacket he loves to (and should) show off. Winning the Masters makes it a great year no matter what else happens, and Reed will have a hard time topping this one even if he wins all five Ryder Cup matches in France.
Three others are worthy of consideration.
Thomas faced a most difficult encore after he won five times last season, including his first major, the PGA Championship, and the FedEx Cup. He has backed it up so far with two victories. One of them was the Honda Classic, where he made two birdies on the par-5 18th — with a wedge to force a playoff, and with a 5-wood to set up the win.
Watson won against two strong fields at Riviera and Match Play. Kizzire won't get as much recognition from winning at the OHL Classic at Mayakoba in the fall and the Sony Open in January. But he went head-to-head in beating Rickie Fowler in Mexico and won a six-hole playoff on Oahu. In a rarity, he won twice in a season while ranked outside the top 100 in the world.
Tiger anniversary
One year ago, the Texas Open was the same week Woods had his fourth back surgery, and all sorts of speculation followed. Would he ever play again? Did he even want to play again? And if he did, how much would fusion surgery limit him?
The answers: Yes, yes and not much.
He recorded a swing speed of 129 m.p.h. was runner-up by one shot at the Valspar Championship. A year ago, no one would have been surprised if he missed the Masters. Instead, the surprise was that he didn't break par until Sunday and tied for 32nd.
Interesting about Woods at this point in the season is that he played three of his six tournaments on courses where he has never won.
The revivals
Even as the PGA Tour gets younger, five players in their 40s managed to win.
Phil Mickelson tops the list. Ian Poulter isn't too far behind.
His victory drought approaching five years, Mickelson was on the verge of falling out of the top 50 in the world for the first time in 25 years when he ran off four consecutive top 10s, the last one a playoff victory in the Mexico Championship.
Poulter had gone more than six years without a win, would have lost his full PGA Tour card last year except for a clerical error and then was told at the Dell Match Play that he was in the Masters, when in fact he needed to win one more match (which he lost badly). Poulter opened with a 73 the following week in Houston, answered with rounds of 64-65, made a 30-foot birdie putt on the 18th to force a playoff and won on the first extra hole to get into the Masters.
Those victories will go a long way in getting Mickelson and Poulter to France in the fall as captain's picks if they don't qualify for their Ryder Cup teams.
But it's early.
Even though one half of the season is gone, the bigger half is coming up.
Hello my lovelies,
Sorry I've been gone for awhile. Last semester really kicked my ass both physically and emotionally, but I'm back now. I realize this column is supposed to focus on disability and sex, and I still intend to do that. However, I believe it is also important in the current socio-political landscape to discuss other issues regarding sexuality and gender.
It won't come as a shock to anyone that I believe the world is a little bit of a cluster fuck right now. True we are making great strides in justice for victims of sexual assault and harassment. The question still stands: how much progress can be achieved when the president of the United States–arguably the most powerful man on earth–and the party he represents constantly treat women like second class citizens?
Our neighbours to the south still have no control over their own pregnancies. We live in a world where birth-control is not always available to all citizens and then when pregnancy occurs we ostracized and shame women and girls who become pregnant accidently.
Shouldn't we be the ones who feel shame?
I want to live in a world where men and women both have autonomy over their bodies. Where no one has to be afraid using a public bathroom. Where who and how you love does not affect the way others see or treat you. A world where no individual has to worry about walking home alone at night. This might sound crazy but I think we can work together to make this utopia a reality if you only cared enough to do so.
I know I care, do you?
#ICareAboutSexualViolence
Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/victorialevack/
Wakefield Council has pledged to increase the number of its social workers after a shocking Ofsted letter revealed that vulnerable children were being put at risk due to failings in its services.
The education watchdog said there were “significant weaknesses” in the quality of the authority's services for children, with delays in allocating cases and seeing and assessing children at risk of harm, after a visit in February.
It said social workers with high caseloads did not have the capacity to meet the needs of children and families.
The council has drawn up an improvement plan of immediate actions for the next six months, pledging to ensure all children's social care cases are allocated, increase the number of social workers, and make sure no young person leaving care is placed in B&B accommodation, among other actions.
A ‘transformation plan' to be delivered over 18 months, is also being developed.
The plan says: “Services for children in Wakefield are on a journey to improve. We want to ensure we provide good services and high quality practice.”
It was published today as part of the agenda report for the authority's children, young people and skills overview and scrutiny committee meeting, to be held next Wednesday.
The plan follows comments from council leader Coun Peter Box, who admitted in April that the authority's previous plan to improve services was not “sufficiently robust”.
The scrutiny committee will hear from new corporate director for children and young people Beate Wagner, who was appointed in March.
She is expected to tell members about the council's current position and its future plans for improvement in children's services.
The meeting will also hear from Coun Lorna Malkin, the chair of a new ‘Corporate Parent Committee'.
According to the agenda report, the new committee will provide councillors with information on issues for children in care, supporting them to fulfil their role as ‘corporate parents' for looked after youngsters.
HADLEY -- When Poles get together, there is vodka on the table.
And most often families flavor that vodka, store-bought as it is, according to a treasured family recipe using fresh fruit the family has cultivated.
"It's called 'nalewka,' which means an infusion," said Paul Kozub, founder of Valley Vodka of Hadley and creator of the V-One Vodka brand.
There is "wisniowka," which is cherry, and "sliwowica," which is plum.
"If a family has always had cherry trees and the cherries are in season, they will place the vodka in a vat of cherries," he said.
Poles water down nalewka. Also, a polish shot glass is smaller than an American one. The idea is to enjoy the taste, he said.
Kozub will spend time this summer in Poland -- his 53rd trip there. It's both business and pleasure: He'll introduce his young family to the culture while picking up ideas and working on a major business announcement he can't detail publicly yet.
"I definitely take what I try there and put my American spin on it," Kozub said.
V-One, which is distilled in Poland to Kozub's specifications, is spinning in wider and wider circles these days.
Kozub founded the company in 2005, building on his polish heritage and a family history of entrepreneurship. He started off experimenting with a still in his basement and quickly hit upon using spelt, a type of primitive wheat, in his vodka. Partnering with a distillery in Poland, he brought V-One to market and sold just more than 1,000 cases the first year.
This year, he's on pace to sell 12,000 cases and plans to hit 50,000 cases a year within the next two years.
"The next two years are gong to be huge for us," he said. "In our business, its all about brand recognition and distribution."
Both those aspects of V-One will get a boost from a "seven-figure" infusion of investor capital Kozub received in the fall of 2016. That money is funding, among other things, an important new development in Poland and a $100,000 project to redesign the V-One bottle.
Prominent bottle designers -- working in Cognac, France, naturally -- are coming up with the new bottles, which will incorporate the spelt grain and Kozub's signature.
"It will really represent all the dreams I had for V-One Vodka," he said.
Those dreams were born of a great-grandfather who came from Poland and worked in the Uniroyal plant in Chicopee. Then a grandfather, Stan, who followed the earlier generation into Uniroyal and told a young Paul tales of prohibition moonshine. Paul's father, Edward Kozub, was the entrepreneur, having started Janlynn Corp. in Chicopee. Janlynn made needlepoint kits and other craft sets.
That family influence, Kozub said, is quintessentially Polish.
"It's pretty much everything," he said. "My Catholic faith and my Polish heritage."
Today Kozub has a full-time employee in Poland along with a dozen employees here. Valley Vodka distributes a dozen Polish brands in addition to V-One. These are hard-to-get Polish beverages, including Apple Paple, an apple wine.
"I met these two guys in Warsaw," Kozub said by way of explaining how he came to do business with Apple Paple. Poland is one of the world's largest producers of apples. But political differences between Poland and neighbor Russia cut off a major market. Making the apples into wine helped Polish orchard owners find a paying market for the crop.
V-One's headquarters is in a repurposed church, the old St. Johns on Route 9 in Hadley, where Kozub has his old still on display. It's where he tries out and launches new flavors, like the coconut with blueberry he debuted last month. It joins V-One's plain vodka, along with vanilla, lime, triple berry, grapefruit and hazelnut with Hadley maple syrup varieties.
Coming up with new flavors for his vodka is complicated for Kozub. He has to get the flavors, the recipes and the labels approved by the federal Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau.
"I'm definitely getting better at going through the process," he said. "What they are looking to do is put you in a category: this is a vodka, this is a tequila."
For example, if Kozub submitted a flavored vodka formulation with too much sugar in it, he'd have to call it a liqueur, he said.
He's also expanding V-One's distribution area here in New England. With a full-time sales rep, he's relaunching the brand in Connecticut.
Kozub also has V-One on the shelves in New Hampshire package stores. That's quite a feat because New Hampshire is one the few places that still has a state liquor store system.
"There is only one distributor, one purchaser," he said. "I was told to go to them with only one flavor. That their shelf space is limited."
Instead he went with four flavors. New Hampshire accepted three: the plain, triple berry and grapefruit.
The vodkas went on sale in New Hampshire in July and Kozub started making trips north to personally do product demonstrations, first at a store near the prestigious Phillips Exeter Academy, of which he is an alumnus.
"Ironically, I was almost kicked out of the school for having vodka on campus," said Kozub.
WWE News: Finn Balor reminisces about a memory with the Hardy Boyz
Finn Balor looks back on a pretty sweet memory.
by Rohit Nath News 14 Aug 2017, 19:54 IST
Finn Balor has teamed up with The Hardy Boyz on RAW and the Live Event circuit
What's the story?
Finn Balor posted a photo of him on the seats of the Worcester Live Event arena, relieving a great memory with The Hardy Boyz from 17 years ago.
In case you didn't know...
Finn Balor has been teaming up often with The Hardy Boyz in the live event circuit. He also teamed with them when he was feuding with Elias(Samson) and The Hardy Boyz were feuding against Cesaro & Sheamus. The babyface team was victorious in the bout.
The heart of the matter
Finn Balor relieved the time he got to see The Hardy Boyz on an episode of RAW 17 years ago in Worcester. He mentioned the fact that he went on to team up with them that night
RAW June 26th 2000
I sat in these seats to watch #WWEWorcester
The Hardy Boys wrestled that night
Tonight they are my tag team partners pic.twitter.com/ds78hlw08L — Finn Bálor (@FinnBalor) August 13, 2017
As you can see, Balor is standing in the area where he was seated. It undoubtedly must have been an amazing moment for The Demon King to re-live how far he's come in his career. Surely it's only the first of many memories that he will create in his WWE run.
What's next?
Finn Balor is currently feuding with Bray Wyatt, resuming a feud that started in April. Their feud was halted because they were both needed for the main event of Extreme Rules. Balor then went on to feud with Elias for a bit while Wyatt was victorious in a feud with Seth Rollins.
After months of mixing up feuds, Balor and Wyatt are finally set to feud again.
Author's take
It's really cool that Balor gets to relive a childhood memory and look at just how far he's come in his career. Being in their shoes, it must be a pretty sweet feeling knowing that their hard work and dedication and years of blood, sweat and tears have paid off in a big way.
Good for Finn Balor!
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Gaza is home to numerous ancient treasures, but politics have long complicated archeological work.
The French excavations stopped in 2002 because of a Palestinian uprising in which protesters violently clashed with Israeli troops around the nearby Netzarim settlement. Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005. But Hamas, shunned by the West as a terrorist group, won elections and eventually drove out the Western-backed Palestinian Authority in 2007. The excavations never resumed.
Unlike more extreme Islamic groups, Hamas has not deliberately destroyed antiquities for ideological reasons.
But with little open space in Gaza, a fast-growing population and an economy stifled by Israeli and Egyptian blockades, Hamas officials say they have no choice but to develop the area, making archeology a low priority.
But the group has also seized ancient sites to build military training camps, including the 3,000-year-old Anthedon Harbor, parts of which were bulldozed in 2013.
In 2009 and 2012, the expansion of universities destroyed the western and northern facades of Tel El-Sakan. People displaced during three wars between Hamas and Israel set up temporary dwellings on the eastern side.
The southern front remained, but Hamas says it needs the land to compensate some of its senior employees, who have only received partial salaries from the cash-strapped group.
When the bulldozer work started in early August, the Hamas-run Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities appealed for help. Humbert rushed to Gaza, and with the help of colleagues from Gaza's Islamic University, he succeeded in stopping the work for two weeks while the ministry and Hamas's Land Authority worked to settle the dispute.
Jamal Abu Rida, the ministry's director of antiquities, said Tel Es-Sakan is a protected archeological site, but that his ministry could not stop the more powerful Land Authority from destroying another 1.2 hectares.
The work resumed last week. Bulldozers loaded a truck with soil that contained fragments of jars. When the workers saw Associated Press cameras, they quickly left the scene.
Abu Rida said they recovered an early Bronze Age jar from the site during the most recent levelling. Fadel al-Outul a Gaza archeologist, salvaged fragments that he used to reassemble two thirds of another jar. He also found a flint knife blade.
Junaid Sorosh-Wali, an official with the UN cultural agency UNESCO, inspected the damage at the site Tuesday after the bulldozers left.
What happened was "disastrous for the archeology and cultural heritage in Palestine," he said. He said UNESCO had raised concerns with "the relevant authorities."
Amateur videos showed ramparts crumbling under the bulldozer's treads. The rampart of the southern facade was also uncovered and is slated for destruction.
Dozens of ancient sites have been found in Gaza, and excavations have revealed temples, monasteries, palaces, churches and mosques and mosaics. But most of the sites have been lost to urban sprawl and looting. UNESCO is struggling to preserve some of remaining ones.
In 2016, the remains of a Byzantine church were discovered in Gaza, but authorities are believed to have destroyed them. And in 2014, a rare Apollo statue went missing and is believed to be held by a militant group.
At St. Hilarion monastery in the central Gaza Strip, which spans from the late Roman Empire to the Islamic Umayyad period, a breach in the fence suggested looters were trying to get in. Private construction is taking place next door. Someone recently dumped brick debris in the site from over the fence.
The birthplace one of the 4th century founders of Christian monasticism still has the clear remnants of a baptism hall, a church and an atrium.
Sorosh-Wali, the UNESCO official, said it is among around a dozen locations in the West Bank and Gaza that the Palestinian Authority wants to be listed as a UNESCO "world heritage" sites.
The Associated Press
Advocate Health Care in Oak Lawn teamed up with the Chicago Bears to give a 15-year-old brain tumor survivor a surprise Monday.A surprise party with all the bells and whistles greeted 15-year-old Luke Vugrin and his family at Advocate Health Care. Luke initially didn't realize the fanfare was all for him."I thought, 'Maybe they're just standing there for everyone,' then I saw the sign that said Vugrin family and I said, 'Oh, this is for me,'" Luke said.And by all accounts, Luke deserves the celebration.Nearly one year ago, he was diagnosed with a small, benign tumor deep in his brain. It affected his vision and other bodily functions. It was removed, but doctors say Luke will need continuous observation."He's a trooper and we're happy to see him do so well," said Dr. Dimitrios Nikas.Doctors and staff at advocate health care rallied around the Vugrin family, where three out of Gina Vugrin's four children receive treatment for various illnesses."They've been through a lot and i can't think of another family more deserving," said Cristina Enea of Advocate.The hospital, which has a partnership with the Chicago Bears, called on the team to help give the Vugrin family a day they would not forget.First, they were driven to Soldier Field in a limo bus. Then, they were given a tour of the stadium and got a chance to check out the locker room.Luke took a picture next to the locker of his favorite player, Tarik Cohen. Then, he got a chance to walk on the field, where Luke and his family took more pictures, and were greeted by Cohen himself.Then they were treated to a shopping spree at the pro shop, where Cohen helped pick out some merchandise."That really means a lot to me to be a bright spot in their lives somewhere," said Tarik Cohen.It's a bright spot in what Gina Vugrin said has been a tough year with lots of ups and downs. She said she's thankful for the special attention."I knew this was going to be a big surprise and I was so excited for Luke, but I didn't know it was going to be all of this."
'Something was happening' at Chelsea to allow Matic sale, Mourinho claims
Nemanja Matic impressed for Manchester United against West Ham and Jose Mourinho did not expect to be allowed to recruit the midfielder.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 01:56 IST
Nemanja Matic playing for Manchester United
Jose Mourinho says that Chelsea sanctioning the sale of Nemanja Matic suggests something unusual has taken place behind the scenes at Stamford Bridge.
Manchester United signed Matic from the Premier League champions for a reported fee of £40million and the Serbian midfielder impressed in his Old Trafford debut on Sunday, as the Red Devils thrashed West Ham 4-0 to top the table at the end of the opening weekend of the new season.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is reportedly unhappy at the departure of Matic and Mourinho has expressed his surprise that a transfer was possible.
"[It] depends on what was happening behind [closed] doors," he said.
"And we don't know. The only thing we know, of course with Chelsea money, I brought him to Stamford Bridge because I thought he was a player with special qualities.
"And since I left I always thought he could be a perfect player for us. But I didn't disturb him. I didn't disturb Chelsea. I never thought it was possible unless something special was happening.
"And it looked like something was happening. Because his agent told me 'you can have him, you just have to pay'.
"So we have him, and we are very happy with that.
"Because he's a player that our team needs and now with this kind of qualities we have Nemanja and Michael Carrick. Michael in spite of his age has a role to play. And I'm happy with this kind of stability players."
Another of United's off-season recruits, Swedish centre-back Victor Lindelof, was left out of the matchday squad after struggling in the UEFA Super Cup loss to Real Madrid.
And Mourinho feels the 23-year-old must be allowed to adapt to English football following his arrival from Benfica.
"I think Real Madrid was too early for him," he said.
"He played because [Phil] Jones and [Eric] Bailly were both suspended. I had players coming from different leagues to the Premier League [in the past] and normally it is not easy.
"I brought in 2004 a phenomenal central defender to England, Ricardo Carvalho. He was one of the best central defenders in the last decade in the Premier League but he struggled.
"It was difficult for him to come and adapt in the beginning.
"I think Victor needs a little bit of time. And he's going to have that time. Let's go step by step, because Victor is a fantastic player."
AMHERST -- With 7,500 expected to attend the Cardi B concert Wednesday night at the Mullins Center, the Amherst Fire Department is putting on additional emergency personnel.
And Fire Chief Tim Nelson has a message for students attending the show that they might hear Cardi B perform in song: "Be Careful."
Staffing will be the same as for Friday and Saturday nights during the school semester, Deputy Chief Lindsay Stromgren said in an email.
All five ambulances will be staffed.
At the Mullins Center, the department will have three paramedics to run triage plus three outside ambulances on standby.
Nelson said it will be the largest concert crowd in some time, and his department has a formula to predict how much it will be needed.
Based on the numbers of tickets given to University of Massachusetts students, he's expecting the department to treat about 37 students and need to transport a dozen to 18.
"It's been a while since it's been this large," he said. The department met with the Mullins Center management as well as UMass police and EMS on Monday.
"I don't expect it to be crazy," he said, but he wants to be prepared.
He said he has notified area hospitals to be prepared. "It's (Wednesday) not a night to expect activity," he said.
He had advice for attendees: "Just be smart. Go in and enjoy the show. Don't make bad choices."
Nelson said students use the concert as an excuse "to drink and do drugs." But, he said, "That's the way of the world."
UMass won the free concert because more students here swiped right on Tinder than another institution. Tickets were gone a day after they became available last week.
× Jersey couple turns home into sactuary for homeless, terminally ill dogs
SOUTHAMPTON, New Jersey – The brown-eyed beagle rests his head on the edge of his bed, his eyes peering out as volunteers walk by and stop to pet him. He's known as “Much Loved Bob,” and volunteers say he doesn't have much time left.
He's one of about 27 dogs roaming Michele and Jeff Allen's living room. All of the dogs are near the end of their lives, but the home is not filled with sadness. It's a peaceful home, sitting on six acres about an hour away from New York City.
Dogs sit on any piece of furniture they choose, and half of the house is designated “dog quarters,” with toddler beds — designed for young children but perfect for slow-moving dogs — arranged around an electrically heated fireplace.
It's a home filled with smiling volunteers who cuddle with their favorite dogs on sofas, or run with them around a pond outside. There are regular visits from a vet, and fresh, home-cooked dog meals made from scratch.
The Allens founded nonprofit Monkey's House, a hospice for aged dogs, and they and run it at their Southampton, New Jersey, home. There, they pluck some of the sickest animals, like Much Loved Bob, from shelters.
Nearly 670,000 dogs are euthanized in shelters every year, according to the ASPCA, and the Allens are focused on saving dogs whose health problems are so complex and expensive that they wouldn't be able to get the kind of care they needed at shelters.
“If you don't know how sick they are, sometimes you just find them passed away in their kennels and that's just a sad ending for a dog that deserves to be so loved,” said Michele Allen.
The Allens collaborate with shelters, animal control groups and veterinarians to bring in the dogs. Michele takes in new residents, evaluating their situations on a case-by-case basis. Most of the dogs that are brought to Monkey's House are homeless and facing death at kill shelters.
The passing of one sick foster pup gave the couple the push to make their foundation official in 2015. “Monkey,” a feisty 13-pound shelter dog with heart problems and bad teeth, inspired the Allens, and the shelter's name.
“In losing Monkey the grief was really, really tough and the greatest thing we could do was push through our grief in honoring him, and Monkey loved other dogs,” Michele Allen told CNN.
A former nurse, she decided hospice for abandoned terminally ill dogs was the best way to use her healing hands.
“I used to take sick dogs and say, ‘Well I can handle this — I used to be a nurse.' Now I think I was a nurse and that was my preparation for this,” she said.
There are typically around 20 dogs living at Monkey's House with illnesses ranging from heart conditions to diabetes or cancer.
A dog with health problems such as heart disease can rack up over a thousand dollars in expenses per month. Multiplying that by 24 makes funding Monkey's House a daunting task, Michele says.
Completely donation-based, the nonprofit gets help from benefactors, and a dog food company that donates over 60 pounds of food per week. They also get support from more than 50 volunteers who lighten the workload.
Monkey's House has also picked up a loyal following of animal lovers on social media, posting daily photos and stories of shenanigans. Much Loved Bob was mourned by thousands of animal lovers on Facebook when he passed away the day after CNN's visit.
“He's an invisible statistic. He's the one that got out, the one that 37,000 people on Facebook know about, care about, send good thoughts about. It's pretty amazing that he's getting all this love now and that his ending is very different than I think probably the rest of his life was,” Michele Allen said.
By Sonia Moghe and Lauren Del Valle, CNN
The Gorakhpur hospital tragedy has sparked a national outcry, with opposition parties demanding the resignation of chief minister Yogi Adityanath. Photo: Hindustan Times
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to take cognisance of the recent deaths of children at a government hospital at Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
The bench comprising Chief Justice J. S. Khehar and Justice D. Y. Chandrachud asked the lawyer, who mentioned the issue before it, to approach the Allahabad High Court with his grievances.
The lawyer has also sought an SIT probe into the deaths of children at the Baba Raghav Das Medical College (BRD) hospital in Gorakhpur.
The court observed that the authorities were handling the situation and the grievances, if any, have to be raised before the high court concerned.
Over 60 children have reportedly died at BRD Medical College Hospital since 7 August, many for want of oxygen whose supply was disrupted after bills were not paid to the vendor.
At least 30 children were reported dead in the last two days alone. Many of the victims were infants who perished in the neo-natal intensive care unit.
Police had said no case has been registered so far in the absence of a formal complaint.
The state government had on 12 August ordered an official inquiry by the chief secretary and suspended the principal of the Medical College Hospital Rajiv Mishra.
Man United transfer round-up: Griezmann fed up with Atletico, Mourinho wants Barcelona midfielder and more
All you need to know about United's transfers
@ShashiManUnited by Shashi Football Transfer Roundup 14 Aug 2017, 12:06 IST
United are said to still be interested in Antoine Griezmann
Griezmann re-thinking his Atletico future
According to the latest reports from Don Balon, Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann is seriously considering his future at the club after there have been speculations over Jan Oblak's future.
Don Balon claims, Atletico are doing very little to fend off PSG's interest in the keeper which has not impressed Griezmann as he is now questioning Atletico's ambition for the current and next season.
Diego Costa's move which seemed imminent until last week back has hit a dead end and seems Chelsea are yet to receive a substantial offer from Atletico Madrid.
Manchester United are still interested in Griezmann and have promised him the number 7 jersey when he signs for them next summer.
However, Griezmann's lack of motivation at Atletico Madrid may force United's hands in going after the French forward in January transfer window.
Roberto could become a Man United player
Roberto played 47 times for Barcelona last season
Jose Mourinho is still looking to sign a utility player to add to his already impressive squad this summer and according to Calciomercato, Barcelona's Sergi Roberto is on top of that list right now.
Roberto is equally adapted to playing in central midfield as well as full-back positions which will give Mourinho enough options for this season's Premier League and Champions League campaign.
According to AS, Roberto has a €36million release clause which could force Barcelona's hands into selling the 25-year-old player, who featured 47 times for The Catalans last season.
Roberto has just 2 years left on his current deal and is yet to be offered a new contract.
Mourinho desperate to keep Martial
Martial scored for Man United in their season opener
Manchester United have rejected a late bid from Tottenham Hotspur for their star winger Anthony Martial, reports RMC.
Tottenham are yet to sign a player this summer and wanted Martial to replace their flop signing from last season Moussa Sissoko.
However, United have outrightly refused to let Martial leave as Jose Mourinho sees Martial along with Marcus Rashford as key figures in United's attack this season.
United also rejected the idea of swapping Martial for Inter Milan's Ivan Perisic and decided to end their pursuit only because of Inter'a demand of including Martial in any possible deal.
Martial came on from the bench last night to score and assist in United's 4-0 win which further proved Mourinho's point in not selling or even loaning out Martial this season.
Rome, December 11 - Some 53% of children abused to produce kiddy porn were aged 10 or less in 2016, UNICEF said in a report titled 'childhood around the world 2017: children of the digital age' on Monday. This was down from 69% in 2015. But the number of images of kids aged 11-15 was up to 45% in 2016, from 30% in 2015. Nine out of 10 URLs containing kiddy porn are located in five countries: Canada, France, Netherlands, Russia and the United States.
Next Up 5 Things to Watch Today – July 11, 2017
Now Playing Golden Globes 2017: Every Acceptance Speech In One Epic Supercut
It's officially award season and the most exciting show of the year has announced their nominations.
The Hollywood Foreign Press Association announced the nominees for the 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards on Monday morning. Alfre Woodward, Kristen Bell, Sharon Stone and Garrett Hedlund read off the list of actors, actresses, movies and TV shows that will be honored on Sunday, Jan. 7 in Beverly Hills.
On the TV side, Big Little Lies lead the nominations with six nods including Best Television Limited Series. Will & Grace and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel earned recognitionin the comedy categories. Runners-up included The Handmaid's Tale and Feud: Bette and Joan. The Golden Globes continued their tradition of honoring new talent with a first time nod for Frankie Shaw for SMILF.
The film section helped clear up a wide-open Oscars race. Martin McDonagh's gut-wrenching drama Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri made a splash in the drama categories with multiple nods, including Best Director and Best Original Screenplay. I, Tonya cleaned up in the musical and comedy categories, scoring nods for both Margot Robbie and Allison Janney.
See the rest of the nominations below.
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Alexander Skarsgard, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Best Animated Film
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Ferdinand
Coco
Loving Vincent
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series (Musical or Comedy)
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, Glow
Issa Rae, Insecure
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series (Musical or Comedy)
Anthony Anderson, Black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will and Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Best Television Series (Comedy)
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Original Score (Motion Picture)
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Screenplay (Motion Picture)
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Motion Picture (Foreign Language)
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series (Drama)
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture (Musical or Comedy)
Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Television Series (Drama)
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This is Us
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture (Drama)
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Director (Motion Picture)
Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All The Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Picture (Drama)
Call Me by Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture (Musical or Comedy)
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Best Picture (Comedy or Musical)
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture (Drama)
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series (Drama)
Sterling K. Brown, This is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Best Original Song (Motion Picture)
"Home," Ferdinand
"Mighty River," Mudbound
"Remember Me," Coco
"The Star", The Star
"This Is Me," The Greatest Showman
Seth Meyers will host the 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards, airing Sunday, Jan. 7 at 8/7c on NBC.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Villa hopeful of Johnstone deal
Aston Villa are hoping to keep Manchester United loanee Sam Johnstone at the club for the long-term by winning promotion to the Premier League.
The on-loan stopper has been in fine form this season with his performances helping Villa on their way to five straight wins.
Johnstone has the most clean sheets in the Championship and Steve Bruce would love to get him to stay.
“We hope he will be our keeper for the next five years,” said Bruce told the Birmingham Mail.
“That would delight me. He is a big tick as far as we are concerned.
“But whether we can do a deal, we will have to wait until the end of the season.”
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
Warburton bemoans Forest chiefs
Former Nottingham Forest boss Mark Warbuton has hit out at the “lack of clarity” during his time at the City Ground.
Warburton was sacked on New Year's Eve after just nine months in charge of the club, and has since been replaced by Aitor Karanka.
He believes it wasn't clear what he expected to achieve this season.
“The biggest disappointment would be the lack of clarity in terms of what represented success this season,” he said.
“Any job you go into, you have to say ‘what represents success this season?', ‘is it mid-table?'.
“Had we come 10th or 11th this year would it be seen as a bad year or a good year?
“I think you have to know, and I think we were under the impression that if we could build that young squad – and you look at the likes of Tyler Walker, Matty Cash and Joe Worrall, and these young boys, the average age was coming right down.
Barnsley boss signs up
Barnsley have received a boost in their battle against the drop in the Championship with head coach Paul Heckingbottom signing a new contract at Oakwell.
Heckingbottom will head into a third year as head coach at the South Yorkshire club with an undisclosed long-term deal.
He took over from Lee Johnson in February 2016 and he will be hoping to keep them afloat in the league this season.
(Image: Dougie Allward/JMP)
Mitrovic still has Newcastle future
Newcastle United manager Rafa Benitez has indicated that Aleksandar Mitrovic does have a future at St James' Park.
The forward move to Fulham on deadline day and he is now set to set for the Cottagers as they aim for the Premier League.
Benitez will be keeping a close eye on his performance at Craven Cottage.
“Hopefully, he'll score 25 goals,” said Benitez.
“We'll be happy with that. He'll have more value. He will come here and say ‘I'm a new player, you have to trust me because I've scored 25 goals'. Fine, no problem.”
Austin police used a K-9 on Saturday evening to chase down and subdue a man they had been hunting.
Officers were trying to take a suspect into custody on a domestic assault warrant just after 7 p.m. The man they were searching for: Cory Gunsallus.
Police Chief Brian Krueger said as officers were gathering to move on a home in the 11-hundred block of 3rd Avenue Southwest, a neighbor yelled that their man was running out the front door.
After pursuing him through the city neighborhoods, a K-9 handler in the vicinity commanded the fleeing man to stop, and after a warning, the police chief said the dog was sent after him. Police took Gunsallus into custody in the 600 block of 9th Street Southwest, where he was hiding in a back yard.
Chief Krueger said Gunsallus, 35, now faces the original felony domestic assault charge and an additional charge of fleeing a police officer.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Photos of more than 100 suspected stolen goods recovered from several houses across Cambridgeshire and Norfolk have been released by police in a bid to reunite the items with their rightful owners.
The items were recovered from various houses across the two counties, Cambridgeshire police said.
You can see the majority of the pictures in our gallery:
The huge haul of goods is found by officers in December and January as part of investigations into burglaries in the areas.
Officers have released the photo album with the stolen goods – spanning over 100 pictures.
Police want to find the rightful owners so they can be returned.
Anyone who believes an item is theirs, and can prove ownership of the item or items, should call Cambridgeshire police on the non-emergency number 101.
When they call, they should quote Operation Hawkesbury.
Amongst the flotsam that makes up much of what appears on social media you can sometimes spot little bits of treasure. My latest find is the word “sielunmaisema”.
Okay, it's barely pronounceable and unlikely to ring a bell with most readers - not least because it is Finnish - but I think the word deserves a wider currency given that there's no real English equivalent.
The closest we can get to its meaning is “soul landscape” or “soul scene” and according to the writer Robert Macfarlane, who tweeted it as his Word of the Day, a sielunmaisema is a particular place that a person carries deep in the heart and often returns to in memory.
Thus explained, many will find it easy to connect with the word's meaning, and perhaps feel the power of scenes that are conjured up in their minds, places which fit their understanding of a “soul landscape”.
So where is your sielunmaisema? I have three of them, and the first is right on the edge of Yorkshire - the tip of Spurn Point. It is more of a soul seascape, I suppose, but the location meets the definition of a sielunmaisema as far as its spiritual power is concerned.
I imagine gazing across the mouth of the Humber on a fine day, thinking about how that silty brown water I can see flowing into the North Sea has been gathered from almost every inch of the Dales and Pennines.
And I think about how the gap between Spurn and Lincolnshire has seen almost every important event in Yorkshire's history, from early Bronze Age settlers arriving in boats like those found at North Ferriby, to the Romans and Vikings, and then great ships carrying Yorkshire goods the other way to the outside world.
That feeling of interconnectedness with distant lands is still evident at the tip of Spurn, whether it is the river traffic moving in and out of the Humber or the multitude of rare birds which refuel there while on migration from all points of the compass.
Another landscape I have often returned to in heart and mind for more than 40 years is the rippling chalk hills and plunging valleys of the Yorkshire Wolds.
I visualise walking along the eastern ridge above tranquil Millington Dale in June and dropping down to the aptly named Sylvan Dale, which is as pastoral and spiritual a place as you will find.
My third soul landscape is a scene above Wharfedale between Grassington and Conistone, again in summer.
Here is the perfect composition of gleaming limestone scars, emerald pastures and meadows, hanging woods, a glittering river and cluster of houses on the valley floor that looks like something from the pages of a child's pop-up picture book.
In my memory, out of the fields below rise the piping of oystercatchers and cries of curlews, while around the bird's-foot-trefoil - also known as eggs-and-bacon plants - dance common blue butterflies.
On grey, bone-chilling winter days, thoughts of these places can warm any soul.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There aren't many fans of a lengthy commute, but Vicky Pattison ­reckons her 300-mile trek to the office is the secret to staying happy.
The'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! winner ­relocated back to her ­hometown, Newcastle, with businessman fiance John Noble last year, having settled in Essex – close to pal Ferne McCann – for a year.
The couple built their dream home together, but after a difficult time feeling “isolated” in their new digs in the North East, Vicky, 30, spends a few days every week down in London for work.
(Image: @vickypattison)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“I was living out of suitcases, living in hotels, working hard and defining myself by having a career for five years,” she explains.
“To go from that to a woman who lives in Newcastle, who doesn't drive, who is stuck at home on my little estate waiting for John to finish work has been a real adjustment.
“I haven't dealt with it very well. I got ­restless and I struggled with the transition. You can't go from aggressive pursuit of your career to loafing overnight.”
(Image: Flynet)
Now, Vicky divides her time in the South for work – napping on the three-hour journey. “Now I work in London a couple of days a week, so when I go back I appreciate it. We'll go for a nice meal, talk about our week and watch a film.
“I just need to keep one foot in the hustle and bustle that is London. That's where my job is, that's where my career is. I haven't worked as hard as I have to abandon it.
“I love John with all my heart, and I'm so proud of the life we're cultivating for ourselves in the North, but I need to keep my finger on the pulse down in London. Not just for me, but for my future self, and whatever family I might have.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty)
“I don't want to have daughters and tell them I met a man and gave it all up.”
Vicky, who enlisted Say Yes to the Dress's David Emanuel to help her choose THREE wedding dresses for her big day next year – says the pair hope to hear the pitter-patter of tiny paws.
“We've been discussing getting a dog,” she says. “John wants to start a family in the next few years but I want a dog first. Puppy steps.”
Italian Suspect Accused Of Targeting People Of Color Wounds 6 In Drive-By Shooting
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
An Italian man, who reportedly ran unsuccessfully as an anti-immigrant candidate in a local election last year, wounded several foreigners in the central city of Macerata during a drive-by shooting on Saturday, according to police.
The suspect was identified as 28-year-old Luca Traini, according to multiple Italian media reports, citing police.
Sky TG24 reports the rampage lasted for at least an hour as the suspect began firing shots from his car before noon targeting people of color throughout the city and wounding six people all from Africa.
The mayor said the victims were five men and one woman and at least one person was in serious condition.
The shootings sparked widespread fear as police warned people to stay indoors and the mayor issued a curfew.
It only came to an end once the black Alfa Romeo was blocked, at which point the driver got out donning the Italian flag, made a fascist salute and submitted himself to police without resisting arrest, reports the Ansa news agency.
Police say Traini had no previous arrest record.
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
Italian media report Traini made a failed bid last year in administrative elections in the nearby city of Corridonia with the anti-immigrant Northern League party.
The ruling center-left Democratic Party said Traini also fired shots at one of their offices in Macerata on Saturday, reports Reuters.
Matteo Salvini, who heads the Northern League party, tweeted on Saturday, "Violence is never the solution, violence is always to be condemned. And whoever is wrong, must pay." He went on to say, "Immigration out of control leads to chaos, anger, social conflict. Immigration out of control leads to drug dealing, theft, robbery and violence."
The drive-by shooting comes during a tense time in Macerata after a Nigerian asylum seeker was accused in the murder of an 18-year-old woman whose dismembered body was found on Wednesday.
Northern League leader Salvini said the center-left government was responsible for her death for letting migrants stay in the country, reports Reuters. He posted to Facebook earlier this week of the Nigerian suspect, "What was this worm still doing in Italy?"
Christopher Livesay has reported for NPR that a recent surge in migrants to Italy has fueled right-wing anger over jobs and other benefits.
× Jury rules in favor of Taylor Swift in groping case
After nearly four hours of deliberation, a jury ruled in favor of pop star Taylor Swift in her countersuit against former radio host David Mueller for alleged assault and battery.
Swift accused Mueller of groping her at a meet-and-greet event in June 2013. He will be required to pay $1 in damages to Swift.
The jury, comprised of six women and two men, also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, not liable for tortious interference.
After the reading of the verdict, Swift embraced her mother.
In a statement, Swift thanked the judge and her legal team for “fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault.”
“I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this,” Swift added in the statement, obtained by CNN. “My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
Mueller had sued Swift, the singer's mom Andrea Swift, and radio promotions director Frank Bell in 2015, accusing them of interfering with his $150,000/year contract as a local morning radio DJ in Denver by pressuring his employer, KYGO radio, to fire him.
Bell was also found not liable for tortious interference.
Swift was dismissed as a defendant in Mueller's suit on Friday after a judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence to show that Swift had acted improperly.
Swift's lawsuit against Mueller argued that the trial would “serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
The trial
The civil trial began August 8 and included four days of testimony.
Mueller testified on Tuesday, claiming he had not inappropriately touched Swift during the 2013 photo-op. Instead, he said that he had simply touched her arm and ribs while “jostling” for the photo.
Swift testified on Thursday, delivering a confident and assertive account of the incident that led to the legal proceedings and rejected Mueller's characterization of the event.
“This was not jostling,” Swift said. “He did not touch my rib. He did not touch my arm. … He grabbed my bare ass.”
Swift's mother testified that her daughter was visibly upset after the incident.
“Mom, a guy just grabbed my (rear end) in the meet and greet,” Andrea Swift said her famous daughter told her.
“I wanted to vomit and cry at the same time,” Andrea Swift said.
The photo
A photo of Swift, Mueller, and Mueller's then-girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, at the 2013 event was referenced several times during the trial. A key point of disagreement between the two sides was the positioning of Mueller's hand, which was hidden from view in the photo and positioned below Swift's lower back.
Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, claimed the photo did not show any inappropriate touching, and asked Swift while she was on the stand why her skirt did not appear ruffled in the front.
“Because my ass is located in the back of my body,” Swift said.
Swift's bodyguard Greg Dent and photographer Stephanie Simbeck, who took the photo of Mueller and Swift at the meet-and-greet, both claimed they'd witnessed the groping.
Melcher, and Mueller's former radio co-host, Ryan Kliesch also testified during the trial, saying they had never seen Mueller act disrespectfully toward or inappropriately touch women.
At the end of the meet-and-greet, Swift reported the incident her mother and her management team.
Swift's radio promotions director, Bell, told Mueller's bosses at KYGO, and Mueller was fired two days later after the station conducted its own investigation. (KYGO is a CNN affiliate.)
Mueller testified that he did not grope Swift and said his career in radio had been ruined by what he said was a false accusation.
Mueller was seeking more than $257,500 in damages, according to his attorney's closing arguments.
CNN's Scott McLean and Sara Weisfeldt reported from Denver and Sandra Gonzalez wrote from Los Angeles. CNN's Topher Gauk-Roger, Eric Levenson Steve Almasy, Kristen Holmes and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report.
Have your say
The abduction and murder of Leeds schoolgirl Leanne Tiernan will be re-examined in a crime documentary this weekend.
Written in Blood, a 10-part series on CBS Reality, features top UK crime writers discussing the real life cases that inspired their work.
Author Elly Griffiths and presenter Simon Toyne. Image courtesy of Written In Blood, Sunday nights, 10pm on CBS Reality.
In the next episode, presenter Simon Toyne is joined in Yorkshire by author Elly Griffiths as she talks about how the investigation into Leanne's murder inspired her book The Chalk Pit.
The hour-long programme includes extensive contributions from Chris Gregg, a former Detective Chief Superintendent who led West Yorkshire Police's investigation at the time.
Leanne, 16, had been on a Christmas shopping trip in November 2000 but never made it back to her home in Bramley.
It was later discovered that she had been snatched by John Taylor, who took her back to his house, strangled her and kept her body in a freezer before dumping it.
Author Elly Griffiths and presenter Simon Toyne in this week's programme. Image courtesy of Written In Blood, Sunday nights, 10pm on CBS Reality
Taylor, then 44, was given two life sentences in 2001 after admitting to Leanne's abduction and murder.
Other crimes featured in the series to date include the Rotherham shoe rapist and the murder of Rachel Nickell.
Mr Toyne said: “Everyone I've ever met is obsessed with real life crimes and the people who commit them, and crime writers are no different.”
The next episode of Written in Blood is on CBS Reality at 10pm tomorrow (Sunday).
A former secondary school teacher who downloaded hundreds of pornographic images of children was today (Friday) jailed for two and a half years.
Denis Bresnahan, who has recently been working as a private tutor, also took indecent photographs of a child himself and distributed images over the internet to other web users.
Bresnahan set up a number of fake internet accounts using false profile pictures which he used to participate in sexualised chat.
Bresnahan, 67, from Bourne, but now of Houghton Court, Billingborough, admitted three charges of making a total of 3,381 indecent images of children over a five year period up to January this year.
He also admitted distributing and making indecent images of a child, possession of a prohibited image and possession of 131 extreme pornographic images.
Recorder John Hardy QC described Bresnahan as “depraved”.
Lisa Hardy, prosecuting, told Lincoln Crown Court said that Bresnahan's internet usage was brought to the attention of police and his then home in Heartsease Way, Bourne, was raided.
Mrs Hardy said “When the police explained what they were there for he said he might know something of the allegations.”
A computer tower, a lap top and a memory stick were all later examined and the 3,381 indecent images of children were found. These included 907 of the most serious type of which 432 were films.
Mrs Hardy said Bresnahan used a variety of fake internet profiles including that of a middle-aged woman, teenaged girl, younger girls and a young boy.
“Examination of his Skype account showed that he was in communication with a number of other internet users and was sharing and distributing indecent images with others.
“He was arrested and interviewed. He was asked questions about his Skype accounts and sexualised chats over Skype and he made no comment.”
Michael Phillips, in mitigation, said “It is about as low he can get. My client is nearly 70 years old and of previous good character.
“He has had a variety of jobs over the course of his life. He was a teacher at a secondary school teaching general science for 15 years. Latterly he has worked as a private tutor for many, many years. It is to his credit that there has never been any suggestion of impropriety.”
He said that Bresnahan suffered from a lack of libido as a result of a medical problem and although he was prescribed medication he turned to pornography.
Mr Phillips said “He decided he would self-medicate by using pornography. He started using legal pornography before moving into illegal pornography. He started frequenting chatrooms. He was pretending to be a teenage girl in conversations with other people. His stimulation was in engaging in depraved chat with people online. He retired in 2015. That led to an increase in his use of pornography and his use of chatrooms.”
He told the court that Bresnahan stopped using pornography following his arrest and has since sought counselling.
Sooronbai Jeenbekov sent a message on the birthday of Chingiz Aitmatov, the Information Policy Department of the President's Office reported.
In honor of Aitmatov, this day in Kyrgyzstan is declared the Day of National Literature. And today begins the celebration of the 90th anniversary of the great writer Chingiz Aitmatov, which will be marked in 2018.
«Chingiz Aitmatov is a great personality, a man who enriched our consciousness with spiritual magnificence and made a great contribution to the development of the cultural environment of world civilization. He is recognized as a planetary thinker. Aitmatov's works «call for a continuous struggle for freedom of the spirit.» «We will change the world, the world will change us,» these words are the main mission of Aitmatov the writer. Aitmatov changed the world by his immortal works, expanded the boundaries of our outlook,» the message says.
«Aitmatov's fiction sows in our hearts the seeds of beauty, calls to truth, good and moral purity. For us, the deep development of the writer's artistic heritage, as well as the wide dissemination and study of his humanistic ideas, is of special importance,» the president said.
Aitmatov — the voice of the era, the truth of the era. The artistic world of Aitmatov is eternal. Sooronbai Jeenbekov
Sooronbai Jeenbekov congratulated all compatriots who deeply honour the work of the great writer and read his works.
Jerome, Idaho-based Ridley's Family Markets, which operates nearly three-dozen stores in Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, Utah and Wyoming, has deployed Digital Foodie's on-demand platform.
The new service will include branded websites and mobile applications that provide personalized shopping experiences for customers across the retailer's Mountain West footprint. Ridley's also will put Digital Foodie's picking and fulfillment tools into effect to optimize the store pick-up and home delivery processes. In addition, Ridley's and Digital Foodie are partnering to create what they call “compelling digital experiences” for Ridley's customers and say they will work closely together on marketing initiatives and training programs on the new service to achieve a high level of consumer adoption.
“At Ridley's, we strive to be on the forefront of grocery innovation, with our Advantage Card for loyal customers as an example of how we extend offers inside the store as well as to serve the broader community,” said Mark Ridley, director of operations at Ridley's. “With the Digital Foodie platform, we stay in control of our on-the-go customers' experience as we add on-demand grocery as another service that makes shopping at Ridley's even more convenient and compelling. The Digital Foodie team has made it very easy and fast to map out the evolution to digital grocery.”
According to a press release announcing the partnership: In the digital era the speed of which services are launched and adapted is fast. That was certainly true when massive snowstorm caused the roof of the Ridley's grocery store in Weiser, Idaho, to collapse. Ridley's and Digital Foodie's teams sprung to action quickly and added the service area for the store to the previously planned delivery area for the project and launched the delivery service two days after the accident.
“When the weather challenged us, we were able to act quickly to minimize the disruption to our customers and, in fact, the platform made it straightforward to adapt our strategy to cover the affected area and continue business in Weiser,” said Justin Merrill, director of online sales for Ridley's Family Markets.
Ridley's customers are able to create baskets and place orders online or through their mobile devices. Customers can choose the most convenient pickup or delivery time for them, and they are notified when the order is close to be delivered or if the status of the order changes.
“The grocery retail industry has been undergoing a major transformation from brick and mortar to online during recent years,” said Digital Foodie CEO Kalle Koutajoki. “Independent retailers face fierce competition and, with limited resources, creating an online service that is better than the new offerings from Walmart, Amazon and large grocery chains is not easy. We have more than half a decade of experience in running online grocery businesses in the most competitive digital grocery market in the world. We have created the world's only, fully behaviorally personalized online grocery platform. Through the Digital Foodie cloud platform, we are confident that family grocers and independent retailers can compete with anyone to increase their reach and store sales. We are excited to work with Ridley's Family Markets and enable a true connected commerce.”
First Met Dating A small treat, like a bit of chocolate, can be a great mini mood lifter. Chocolate contains endorphins which can lift your mood. Eating some chocolate daily can help how you feel. First Met Dating Combating the symptoms of depression may require a variety of treatments. It can be very helpful to develop the habit of being grateful. When your mind is clouded by depression, it can be hard to feel thankful, but it is important to always keep in mind what is good in life. This will help keep you in high spirits. First Met Dating In order to defeat depression, it's crucial that you are realistic. If your expectations aren't realistic, consider changing them. Having unrealistic expectations will set you up for failure, and then lead you to feel more depressed for not being able to accomplish them.
http://www.datingtous.com/first-met-dating/
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With Bristol Rugby now back at the top table of European rugby next season, playing in the Aviva Premiership and European Challenge Cup, having won promotion out of the Championship, we take a look at all the transfer news and rumours at the clubs they will be playing next season.
Sale Sharks reported to be interested in signing Paddy Jackson, Stuart Olding and Israel Folau
Rumours are building that Aviva Premiership side Sale Sharks are interested in signing sacked Ulster pair Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding.
Fly-half Jackson, 26, and fellow Ireland international Olding, 25, who plays at centre, are on the hunt for new clubs.
The pair were found not guilty of raping a woman in Jackson's home in the early hours of June 28, 2016.
But the eight-week trial led to widespread criticism of their behaviour towards women and they were sacked by their PRO14 club and the IRFU - who said they failed to uphold the core values of the game.
Previously Top 14 big spenders Montpellier and defending Aviva Premiership Champions Exeter Chiefs were both reported as showing interest in Jackson.
However today, several well placed sources have reported Sale are interested in the pair.
Sale are rumoured to be on the hunt for a top class fly half and had been linked with Danny Cipriani who is leaving Wasps for an unknown club at the end of the season.
The latest reports come just days after The Rugby Paper reported the Premiership side have launched a £750,000 per season bid for Wallabies fullback Israel Folau who has hit the headlines for all the wrong reasons recently for his remarks about gay people.
Ospreys appoint new head coach
The former Ireland hooker Allen Clarke, who joined the Ospreys last summer as forwards coach, has been in interim control of the senior team since January.
Today the PRO14 club announced he has been handed a three year deal to lead the club.
(Image: Rogan Thomson/JMP)
Most attacking scrum half in the Premiership signs new deal at Wasps
Wasps scrum half Dan Robson has signed a new long-term contract.
The 26-year-old No.9 joined Dai Young's squad from Gloucester ahead of the 2015/16 campaign and has since made 81 appearances.
During this time he has claimed 27 tries, ten of which have arrived during a prolific 2017/18 campaign which began with a four-timer against Sale Sharks.
Since joining Wasps, former England under 20 Robson has started a Premiership semi-final and final and also been part of the squad which reached a European Cup quarter-final then semi-final in consecutive seasons.
Falcons strengthen their front row with a second Tigers signing
Less than a week after announcing the signing of Samoan prop Logo Mulipola from Leicester Tigers, Newcastle Falcons have announced the return of England Saxons international George McGuigan.
The Leicester Tigers hooker will re-join Newcastle from next season, returning to the club he left two years ago.
McGuigan, 25, became the first graduate of the Falcons' AASE programme to play for Newcastle's first team, making 69 appearances over three years, of which 53 came in the Aviva Premiership.
Playing for England Saxons in 2016, McGuigan made 28 appearances in his first season at Leicester Tigers and is preparing to re-join the Falcons after overcoming the neck injury which has ruled him out of much of the current campaign.
Saints Lock to retire
Northampton Saints have announced veteran lock Christian Day will retire from professional rugby at the end of the 2017/18 season.
The 34-year-old second row has been a part of the furniture at Franklin's Gardens since 2008, winning a plethora of silverware in his time at the Club – including an Anglo-Welsh Cup, two European Challenge Cups, and the Aviva Premiership title.
Day, an immense set-piece operator, also starred in Saints' run to the Heineken Cup final in 2011 and was rewarded for his contribution to the 2013/14 double-winning squad with the Players' Player of the Season accolade.
Away from the pitch Day served as Chairman of the Rugby Players' Association from 2014 to 2017, becoming Vice Chairman for the 2017/18 season, and he will now take on a full-time position as Player Liaison Officer with the organisation from July.
Last week it was announced poor Rob Horne - the Australian international centre - has had to retire at just 28 after suffering life-changing nerve damage to his right arm in a tackle just 13 seconds into Northampton Saints game against Leicester Tigers on April 14.
Nothing says Fall quite like a good plaid. We all know the Scottish staple, plaid is a must-have pattern for cold-weather outfits during autumn days. So it's no surprise this season, meaning Fall Winter the timeless pattern gets a fashionable upgrade in ladylike pencil skirts, relaxed California style shirts, and puffy coats. Rooted in the classics, it will satisfy fans of heritage-style clothing, outdoor enthusiasts and sophisticated ladies alike. Gingham, tartan and plaid shed their menswear root for bold directional impact.
“You can expect to see plaid on just about everything. Red and black buffalo plaids are the hottest right now,” said Jasmine Snow, the accessories editor for Seventeen Magazines
The rumour has it, that plaid adds a touch of authenticity to any look. Maybe that is the reason why there were quite a few Fall Winter 2014 runways filled with plaid and tartan: Louis Vuitton, Tommy Hilfiger, Michael Kors, Donna Karan, Burberry Prorsum etc. These are pretty big names, aren't they?
How to wear plaid and tartan in fall and winter?
classic – incorporate plaid and tartan into cold-weather looks in classic cut coats, jackets and dresses
– incorporate plaid and tartan into cold-weather looks in classic cut coats, jackets and dresses modern – runways have seen a lot of modern looks too mixing plaid with fur, sequins and silks
– runways have seen a lot of modern looks too mixing plaid with fur, sequins and silks punk rock – tartan takes a modern twist with heritage classic cum 90s punk rock in elevated skirts, asymmetrical cut dresses and figure-hugging skinnies
– tartan takes a modern twist with heritage classic cum 90s punk rock in elevated skirts, asymmetrical cut dresses and figure-hugging skinnies preppy – lend a bit of preppy polish to your workweek look with A-line skirts, chic pullovers and cashmere scarves
– lend a bit of preppy polish to your workweek look with A-line skirts, chic pullovers and cashmere scarves casual – for a relaxed attitude, choose a celebrity-favourite Rails shirt, as seen on Gisele Bündchen
– for a relaxed attitude, choose a celebrity-favourite Rails shirt, as seen on Gisele Bündchen elegant – strike a polished chord in pleated plaid skirts and mod fit-and-flare dresses
There are plenty of ways to work in plaid, including a great hat. For instance, Chanel, Michael Kors and Ralph Lauren advise on rocking plaid from head to toe in a menswear-inspired trouser suit or a plaid shirt with skinny jeans. Again, fashion is laying its own brighter and bolder track.
The eclectic, mix-and-match ensembles make it a bit risky to wear on the streets this way. If you want to play it safe, remember that incorporating only one statement-making piece like a plaid skirt, a shirt, or a coat is still worth the fuss.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Manager John Farrell tried to change pitchers one pitch into Jacoby Ellsbury's at-bat with one out in the bottom of the ninth and a runner a second base at Yankee Stadium on Sunday.
The problem: Pitching coach Carl Willis already had been out to the mound to talk with Addison Reed right before when Ellsbury was introduced.
According to Rule 863(3), "A manager or coach is prohibited from making a second visit to the mound while the same batter is at-bat."
"I messed up," Farrell said. "I know the rule. I messed up trying to get Kimbrel into the game."
The Red Sox won 3-2 in 10 innings anyway.
Ellsbury grounded out to second base on a 1-0 pitch, then Kimbrel came in and struck out Brett Gardner.
The Red Sox scored the go-ahead run in the top of the 10th on Andrew Benintendi's RBI single with the bases loaded. Kimbrel retired all three batters he faced in the 10th.
Farrell needs to show Reed he has trust in him and use him in eighth-inning situations this week at Fenway.
BOSTON -- Dousing the shine radiating off Red Sox rookies Rafael Devers and Andrew Benintendi is a tall task. But Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion certainly tried his best.
Devers and Benintendi combined for three solo homers -- Devers bookended a Benintendi third-inning homer with two of his own in the second and fourth innings -- but the Red Sox lost to Cleveland, 7-3, in a makeup game Monday night at Fenway Park.
Sox starter Doug Fister struggled early and Encarnacion pounded a pair of homers over the Monster in left field, driving in four runs. Francisco Lindor added a two-run single in the second inning. Boston's offense, meanwhile, did not score after the fourth inning.
Monday's loss is only Boston's second since July 31st. It's also the Red Sox' first loss this season when homering at least three times in one game. They were previously 10-0.
Devers, the hero of Sunday's comeback win against the Yankees with his game-tying solo homer off Aroldis Chapman in the ninth inning, continued to showcase his opposite field power Monday, belting a pair of homers off Indians starter Trevor Bauer. Devers' first five Major League homers were all hit to either left or left-center field.
Two bombs for Rafael Devers tonight and it's just the fourth inning. pic.twitter.com/7rzm80zhq8 -- Baseball America (@BaseballAmerica) August 14, 2017
His sixth homer, a fourth-inning rocket to right field, tied Monday's game at 3-3.
Devers became the third-youngest Red Sox with a multi-homer game, joining Ted Williams and Tony Conigliaro. He now has six homers in just 16 career games, hit three straight homers between his at-bat Sunday against Chapman and first two at-bats Monday, and has hit safely in 13 of those games.
Benintendi continues to rake, too. The rookie cut Cleveland's lead to 3-2 in the third following a solo homer to right field -- a 107-mph rocket. The 23-year-old has four homers in his last four games and entered Monday's game hitting .457 with a 1.410 OPS since returning to Boston's lineup on Aug. 3rd after sitting out a pair of games.
Red Sox pitching, though, quickly undid the work of Devers and Benintendi.
Fister turned in his strongest start of the season against these same Indians on July 31st, allowing two runs over 7 2/3 innings in a win at Fenway Park. But, as John Farrell noted pregame, Cleveland has a different look now -- Jason Kipnis and Jay Bruce weren't in the lineup for Fister's prior start -- and the righty wasn't nearly as sharp Monday.
He walked three Indians batters in the second inning and needed 58 pitches to finish the first two frames. He walked the bases loaded in the second inning with one out, setting up a Robert Perez RBI single. Francisco Lindor followed with a two-run single the ensuing at-bat, scorching a liner down the third baseline.
Fister trended toward a short outing early -- Heath Hembree warmed in the bullpen in the second inning -- but the 33-year-old pitched into the fifth, failing to deliver a shutdown inning following Devers' game-tying homer in the fourth.
Jose Ramirez led off with a double and Encarnacion belted his towering blast over the Monster in left, even taking a second to admire his 25th homer of the season. StatCast projected Encarnacion's ball traveled 424 feet.
That is the hardest-hit homer of the season for Edwin Encarnacion, with an exit velocity of 111.7 mph per Statcast. -- Gameday Feed (@CLEGameday) August 14, 2017
Fister ultimately went 4 1/3 innings, allowing seven hits and five runs. He walked four while striking out five.
Encarnacion ripped another homer to leave an inning later, exploiting an error by Devers.
An Indians challenge overturned an outcall at first base, instead charging an error to Devers on a fairly routine two-out grounder to third by Jose Ramirez. Encarnacion followed with his 26th homer of the season, marking his third multi-homer game this year to make it 7-3.
Encarnacion's homer came against Red Sox reliever Heath Hembree. He now has three hits against Hembree in his career -- all homers.
What's next?
The Red Sox remain home following Monday's one-off makeup game with Cleveland, hosting the St. Louis Cardinals for a pair of games at Fenway Park beginning Tuesday night at 7:10 p.m. Sox righty Rick Porcello (6-14, 4.63) faces Cardinals righty Mike League (7-10, 3.48).
A crash on the M32 has closed two lanes and caused severe disruption to rush hour traffic.
Delays of up to 40 minutes are expected on the M32 while emergency services attend the crash and clear the scene.
The crash involved a car and a motorcycle, the condition of those involved is not yet known.
The crash took place just after 5pm this afternoon (Monday, August 14)and emergency services have closed two lanes on the inbound carriageway between Junction 1 at Hambrook and where the M32 joins the M4.
Tailbacks currently stretch as far as the bath junction with delays likely to last until the M32 lanes re-open.
In the opposite direction traffic Eastbound on the M4 is almost at a standstill between the M5 junction and the M32.
Stay tuned to this live blog (below) for the latest updates as we get them.
TAMPA, Fla. — Alex Rodriguez thinks the New York Yankees' "breathtaking" offence could break records this season.
Rodriguez arrived at spring training Monday and had high praise for a lineup led by Giancarlo Stanton, Aaron Judge, Gary Sanchez and Didi Gregorius. A-Rod is a team special adviser who has worked with a number of New York's younger players.
"Happy to be back and see so much talent," Rodriguez said Monday night. "It's breathtaking."
The Yankees added Stanton, the NL MVP after hitting 59 homers and driving in 132 last season, in a December trade with Miami. Judge had 52 homers and 114 RBIs in winning the 2017 AL Rookie of the Year Award. Sanchez added 33 homers, and Gregorius went deep 25 times.
Steve Waugh calls Ravi Ashwin 'the Bradman of bowling'
Ravi Ashwin might have just received the best compliment of his career
@kaushalraj7 by Kaushal Raj News 15 Feb 2017, 13:25 IST
Ashwin loves himself, as so does the world
What's the story?
Steve Waugh was one of the Australian Cricket Team's most successful captains of all time. The team was moulded in his image and they rallied around his stern, aggressive, determined and persistent ways to achieve incredible success.
While speaking on the sidelines of the 2017 Laureus Sports Awards in Monaco about Australia's upcoming tour, he said, “I hope we do better than England. I think they were too defensive in the first Test. You have to be positive and can't hope that it will happen. England didn't win it and the entire momentum changed. It's really hard to turn the tide with the fanatical crowd and when the batsmen start doing well, there's a tsunami of support, making it hard to concentrate.
India is a very hot side right now, Ashwin is basically the Bradman of bowling right now, his record is pretty much equivalent to Bradman's. He's pretty handy with the bat as well, so that's something we will have to overcome. If we can overcome that, then I think we stand a chance.”
Also read: Sreesanth goes against BCCI, to return to cricket later this month
The context
Everything that Ravichandran Ashwin has touched in his Test career has turned to gold. His record now boasts of 7 ‘man of the series' trophies and he also most recently became the quickest to 250 wickets in Test cricket history.
What's more, he's proven to be phenomenal with the bat and has a batting average of nearly 35 now.
The details
Waugh makes a very pertinent point about England's performance in the first Test. It was the only point in the series when they had India on the back foot but let the team escape and play their way to a draw. Once they had let the opportunity slip, the Indian team came back with renewed vigour and were unstoppable thereafter.
While Virat Kohli and Steve Smith hog the limelight during the series, Ravichandran Ashwin is definitely the player around whose performances the series hinges the most. He has proven to be unbelievable with both the bat and the ball and the former captain recognized his fabulous form.
Sportskeeda's take
Steve Waugh's battles with India have been immortalized over the years and now there's a general sense of respect towards the great cricketer. His kind words for Ashwin will have certainly hit a good note with a number of fans.
While Ashwin has had compliments pour in from all corners over the past couple of seasons, the fact that Waugh compared him to Bradman might be one of the highest honours he will ever receive in cricket.
Photo: Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while her sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and her fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music. Over the weekend, however, Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London.
Related: Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘The Trick to Holding On'
Her headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “Blank Space” and “Shake It Off” from the former. From the latter, Taylor performed “Gorgeous,” “Look What You Made Me Do” and “…Ready For It?” For good measure, Swift threw in a solo rendition of her duet with Zayn Malik: “I Don't Wanna Live Forever.”
The performance followed almost a month after her November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live. Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne.
Watch Taylor perform “Ready For It,” “Gorgeous” and “Look What You Made Me Do” below:
PITTSBURGH — Penguins goaltender Matt Murray looks ready to return from a concussion that's kept him out for the past three weeks.
Murray practiced with his teammates on Monday and could be available on Tuesday night when the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions visit the New York Islanders.
Coach Mike Sullivan said Murray looked strong during Pittsburgh's workout. Murray hasn't played since taking a shot off his mask in practice late last month.
The Penguins created a spot for Murray on the roster on Monday when they reassigned Tristan Jarry to the club's American Hockey League affiliate in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton. Jarry split starts with Casey DeSmith during Murray's absence.
The body of a 16-year-old girl was found in the Merrimack River Monday morning after hours of searching by state and local authorities. One man has been arrested in connection to a jet ski crash that knocked the girl into the water, according to investigators.
Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan held a press conference near the search area in Chelmsford Monday and did not identify the teenage girl.
Douglas Dematos, 32, of Lowell, was charged with drunkenly driving a jet ski that crashed into a jet ski that the teenage girl was riding on late Sunday night.
Dematos, who was minorly injured in the crash, faces several other charges, including driving negligently, at night, without lights, too close to another vessel as well as use of an unregistered motorboat. He will be held overnight at the Chelmsford Police Department and will be arraigned on Tuesday at Lowell District Court.
At around 10:30 p.m. on Sunday, officers were sent to the Merrimack River for reports of people yelling. Soon they learned of the jet ski crash and began a multi-agency search for the 16-year-old teenager. The search was suspended at 3 a.m. and picked up again Monday morning at 5 a.m.
D.A. Ryan announced authorities had found the teen's body before noontime on Monday.
The search for the girl was conducted by the Chelmsford Fire Department, Massachusetts Environmental Police, State Police and the Lowell Police/Fire Dive Team.
© unknown
Mother Jones
, CNN and other deep state #FakeNews media liars now caught red-handed
The most horrific political scandal in the history of our nation is breaking now. The FISA memo has been released. (FISA stands for Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.)Among other stunning revelations of deep state criminality, treason and "weaponization of the intelligence community,""...the firm behind the [Trump] dossier, Fusion GPS, briefed major American news outlets to include New York Times, Washington Post, CNN, New Yorker, Yahoo and Mother Jones," reports Fox News The "dossier," of course is the utterly fabricated collection of malicious lies produced by Fusion GPS -- with funding from the Clinton campaign -- to create fake evidence that could be taken to the FISA court in order to earn approval for spying on Trump campaign members. This gross abuse of power constitutes the most egregious political scandal in America's history, easily dwarfing the Watergate fiasco.Mother Jones, the Washington Post , NYT, CNN and other malicious anti-Trump publishers have now been caught red-handedWill these publishers come clean and apologize for their complicity in this scandal? Of course not. They will double down on their lies, attack the memo and try to pull the wool over the eyes of their own readers, all while openly attempting to overthrow the democratically-elected President of this nation. These radical left-wing fake news organizations, it turns out, are willing to sacrifice any last shred of credibility they once had in a last-ditch attempt to unseat an elected President and destroy the very concept of democracy.Above all, these memo revelations reveal that the left-leaning media is a clear and present danger to America.Note that I was the first independent media journalist to correctly label these organizations " journo-terrorists ." The FISA memo confirms almost everything I've said about the lies and corruption of the dishonest left-wing media (and their danger to a free society).
JUSTINE Greening was typically ebullient as she returned to her South Yorkshire roots to give her first newspaper interview since being sacked as Education Secretary – the only difference is she didn't have the Ministerial entourage, and red box, that accompanied her when she visited her former school in Rotherham last year.
She had every right to be bitter about the manner of her dismissal in Theresa May's botched reshuffle last month, but instead has resolved to use her status as a former minister to advance her social mobility reforms, and equality of opportunity agenda, so today's youngsters have a greater chance of success than their parents. Many would have been less sanguine.
Her enthusiasm was infectious. She'd visited Rotherham's Advanced Manufacturing Park, built on the site of the Orgreave coking plant that caused so much acrimony during the Miners' Strike, and was even more determined that youngsters from her home town leave schools with the cutting-edge skills to forge successful careers at this landmark complex. Why should the most able have to move away like she had to?
And then there were her comments about the conduct of political debate. Had she been verbally abused by opponents at the Despatch Box? “No,” she said before explaining how she'd spent a lifetime learning to make persuasive arguments because there weren't many Conservative supporters in Rotherham during her childhood.
However the 48-year-old's most telling point was this. “Growing up in part of the country where not many people shared my viewpoints, it taught me to respect people with a different point of view,” she told me. “I never had a problem with people who didn't share the same viewpoint.”
These comments say everything about what is wrong with public life today. Politicians from all parties don't spend enough time listening to their opponents. And neither, on this evidence, does the Prime Minister, when Ms Greening's approach, and strategy, chimes so closely with this week's Educating The North report by George Osborne's Northern Powerhouse Partnership.
Given Mrs May's promise to be more candid, let's see if she can answer this question: why did she think it correct to sack Justine Greening, and keep Chris Grayling as Transport Secretary, in the reshuffle? I'm still none the wiser.
HAVING been told Sheffield is a no-go area in the morning rush hour because of road congestion, I travelled from Leeds to South Yorkshire by train on what was described as an “express” service.
Talk about a prima facie breach of the Trade Descriptions Act. Two carriages from a bygone era – and a journey that seemed a lot longer than 50 minutes.
Yes, travel times will be reduced if HS2 is ever built – I have doubts – but there's no guarantee that fares on these super-fast trains will be affordable for local people.
And, frankly, Yorkshire should not have to wait 15 years or so for snail-like train links between the county's two biggest – and most important – cities to be fundamentally improved.
For, despite Transport for the North's draft plan to improve the region's railways, there's still one fundamental problem. Any proposal, and funding, needs to be signed off by London Crossrail champion Chris ‘Failing' Grayling.
HARRIET Harman – Labour's former deputy leader – was in fine form when she delivered the inaugural Alice Bacon Lecture that commemorates the legacy of first female MP to represent Leeds.
She bristles at how women are whitewashed from the memoirs of male ministers and is still fuming over the ‘Blair Babes' photo in 1997 which featured the cheesy PM with a new intake of female MPs.
“It wasn't light-hearted banter, it was belittling women,” she said before making the case for an all-women shortlist to determine Labour's next leader. Far from discouraging talented males, she says she would encourage them by saying: “One day you could be deputy leader.”
ARE North Yorkshire's fracking protesters, and its landed gentry, guilty of rank hypocrisy? The thought crossed my mind when travelling to and from South Yorkshire on two occasions in the past week and passing the county's coalfield communities, scarred landscapes and financially deprived areas.
As they talk about the impact of fracking, where were they when Yorkshire's mining towns and villages needed help getting back on their feet following the closure of deep mines? Nowhere. As long as there was power to heat their homes, the ‘I'm All Right Jack' attitude prevailed.
Yes, the environment is important, but so, too, is energy security and it is this latter argument that needs to be made far more forcefully by Ministers.
I'M slightly bemused Welcome to Yorkshire is now sponsoring ticket barriers at King's Cross Station in order to promote the Tour de Yorkshire bike race.
Passengers have, by now, purchased their tickets and simply want to get on the train. As for the cost, the tourism organisation's response was very prickly.
“Disclosing the cost is not relevant or appropriate,” said a spokeswoman who said funding came from WTY's “marketing plan and budget spending”,
And its value? “We wouldn't disclose that information,” she added.
SUNDAY nights won't be the same without Vera, the ITV crime series set in Northumberland featuring Brenda Blethyn as DCI Vera Stanhope. She might be unorthodox in her battered brimmed hat as she drives her aged Land Rover, but the TV detective is more plausible, and better written, than the BBC's Silent Witness, which has lost the plot.
tom.richmond@ypn.co.uk
Peter Schiff
Mr. Schiff began his investment career as a financial consultant with Shearson Lehman Brothers, after having earned a degree in finance and accounting from U.C. Berkeley in 1987. A financial professional for more than twenty years, he joined Euro Pacific in 1996 and served as its President until December 2010, when he became CEO. An expert on money, economic theory, and international investing, he is a highly sought after speaker at conferences and symposia around the world. He served as an economic advisor to the 2008 Ron Paul presidential campaign and ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate in Connecticut in 2010.
A local woman is alive thanks to a miracle, but she said the massive kidney stone she survived has caused health complications to snowball - forcing her out of her two jobs.
Sheree Beckley had a 5.5 millimeter kidney stone that was close to killing her. It had grown larger than a pencil eraser in three years.
When doctors tried to remove it, toxic shock syndrome poisoned her organs putting her on life support.
The day her kids had to decide her fate her organs started to respond, sparing her life.
Although she survived, she is now dealing with the damage.
"But now I have, I can't hear out of my left ear. I have my feet that are terrible and I can barely walk on them. I have memory loss too, real bad," Beckley said.
Her feet are suffering from gangrene - a condition that occurs when body tissue dies.
She is unable to stand for long periods, which forced her to leave her job.
Beckley, now 61, has been working for 45 years. She even picked up a second job just for fun on the weekends before her health issues. Without her jobs she has fallen behind on rent.
Beckley has reached out to the government for assistance to stay in her apartment that has been her home for years, but she has come up empty handed.
With options running low, Beckley's coworkers reached out to the TV5 Rescue Squad to see if anyone could help.
As a hard worker, Beckley is devastated over what she has to do.
"Since all this, I'm about to lose my apartment. I had to do the GoFundMe and that's so embarrassing to me. It's so embarrassing," Beckley said.
After escaping death, her hope is to get her job and independence back.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Starting with smart bakery and cake shop projects, this page was show the extraordinary bakery shop and it was become inviting to come and enjoy the product of this bakery shop. Today, a bakery shop or a café and probably become a space that not only for have a meal but also as a space for gathering and spend our evening time. Besides that, we can use those whole spaces for a space to make a deal with our colleague. Hopefully, this contemporary bakery designs landscaping become one of solution for those who need a space for having a meeting or a space to enjoy their evening tea time. The simple wooden wall material in this space was adding a contemporary taste for this space. The building construction was look so comfy and contemporary. Completed with cool and funky cake shop decorations, this bakery shop was interpreted both young and old generation so that we can invite our parents to enjoy this bakery shop too. Through looking out these humanistic bakery shop images, we can see the complete concept of comfortable bakery interior imaginations.[via]
Originally Posted On Iroonie
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The World of Pokémon GO has Expanded With the lat
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Unless you also happen to be a businesswoman, reality TV personality, socialite, author, model and scion of Donald Trump , you probably don't have much in common with Ivanka Trump.
Yet when Canadian PM and international dreamboat Justin Trudeau recently visited the White House , the US President's eldest daughter suddenly became a whole lot more relatable.
Sat at a roundtable discussion about women in the workplace two days ago, Ivanka was pictured gazing at Trudeau like a woman in a beautiful dream from which she never wants to wake.
But because objectifying men is vulgar, it's important to point out that the popular PM has a lot more than his looks going for him.
Since being elected, Trudeau has introduced a tax-free Child Benefit, cut the "middle class" income tax bracket, doubled the amount of immigrant applications for parents and grandparents, created a national public enquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous women, is a proud feminist and backs LGBT rights.
Here's an entirely gratuitous and unrelated clip of him in boxing gear.
All of the above probably go some way to explaining why he's such a hit with the laydeez.
Let's have a look at the evidence.
(Photo: Getty)
The meeting between Trudeau and members of the Trump administration raised eyebrows when Ivanka tweeted a picture of herself alongside her father and Trudeau in the President's seat, despite not officially holding a position in his office.
Even her dad cracked a smile.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Ladies Love Cool Justin.
(Photo: PA)
Prince George may have not been 100 per cent enamoured with Trudeau , but hey, he's young. He'll learn.
As for his mum, she may be married to an actual prince, but even Kate Middleton is not immune to the charms of the man dubbed 'PM Steal Yo Girl'.
Justin (are we allowed to call you that?), for the record, we would have high-fived you.
After meeting Trudeau back in September, Emma wrote on her Facebook page, "A privilege to talk to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today about gender equality and the importance of bringing young people into politics."
They just don't make them like this in Whitehall. Or Hogwarts.
Of course, all of this is pointed out in jest. Trudeau is a happily married man and father of three (though we did enjoy the wonderful 'bromance' between him and Obama).
Try as we might, we just can't imagine our Prime Minister casting the same sort of captivating spell.
BEIRUT (AP) — The U.N. envoy to Syria says negotiating a political transition for the war-torn country will be the sole item on the agenda for upcoming talks between the government and opposition in Geneva.
Staffan De Mistura emphatically rejected any change to the agenda, saying it would open a “Pandora's box” of stalling and time-wasting.
“Geneva will not be about the procedure, but about the future,” he told reporters in joint press conference with Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano, in Rome.
The envoy said the agenda is fixed in U.N. Security Council Resolution 2254, which mandates a new form of governance for Syria, a new constitution, and new elections. The resolution was adopted unanimously by the Security Council in 2015.
Advertisement
The Syrian government has previously rejected such formulations, complicating efforts aimed at ending the conflict. The government holds the upper hand in Syria more than a year after a sweeping Russian intervention turned the tide of the nearly six-year war in its favor.
The envoy urged the opposition to present a unified front at Geneva, in order to deprive the government of the “alibi” that it doesn't know who the opposition is.
The Geneva talks, slated for Feb. 23, are expected to bring together representatives from President Bashar Assad's government with exiled opposition figures and rebels fighting inside Syria.
But some of Syria's rebels say they won't begin negotiating a political settlement with the government until measures are taken to bolster a flagging cease-fire and address urgent humanitarian concerns.
Mohammad Alloush, a rebel leader who is representing the opposition at talks this week in Kazakhstan, said he will insist on discussing the Dec. 30 cease-fire. The talks in the Kazakh capital, Astana, are intended to pave the way for next week's revival of the Geneva process, which has been on hold since last April.
The Kazakhstan talks are brokered by Russia and Turkey, which back opposing sides in the war and have taken the lead with peace efforts since December. The Syrian government delegation met with the Russian delegation in Astana on Wednesday, Syrian state TV reported.
Russia and Iran, close allies of President Bashar Assad, and Turkey, which backs the rebels, previously pledged to enforce the cease-fire, but both sides have alleged repeated violations. A round of talks in Astana last month ended inconclusively.
The rebels say they are awaiting a reply from Russia to a list of requests concerning the observation and enforcement of the cease-fire.
“The paper we presented on 23 January is the basis for talks today,” Alloush told the AP by phone on his way to Astana.
The Kazakhstan talks were supposed to begin Wednesday but were postponed by one day. The Kazakh Foreign Ministry did not give a reason for the delay. The Geneva talks are scheduled for Feb. 23.
Syria's Foreign Ministry meanwhile rejected a Human Rights Watch report accusing government forces of mounting at least eight chemical attacks using chlorine gas on opposition-held residential areas during the final months in last year's battle for the northern city of Aleppo. The report was published on Monday.
___
Associated Press cameraman Gianfranco Stara in Rome and AP writer Albert Aji in Damascus, Syria contributed to this report.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Many of the technologies we take for granted today owe their existence to the world of cinema.
Inventors frequently cite Hollywood spectacle as the driving force behind creating some shiny new piece of tech.
And as real-world equipment begins to match what we see at the multiplexes, screenwriters have to dream up even more outlandish examples of on-screen gadgetry.
In this week's episode of Future File, Jeff Parsons and Shivali Best list some of their favourite movie gadgets and explore their real-world alternatives.
How to subscribe Make sure you never miss an episode of the Future File podcast. Subscribe on iTunes
Subscribe on Spotify
Subscribe on Audioboom Wherever you're subscribing, we'd love to hear your thoughts on the show so leave us a rating and review!
They also explore some of the gadgets that should best be left in the realm of fiction - paying special attention to the hit Netflix show Black Mirror.
If you want to dive more deeply into Charlie Brooker's dystopian TV series, you should check out our sister podcast: Black Mirror Cracked .
Thanks for listening.
PHILADELPHIA — Caleb Wood had 17 of his 22 points during the second half and overtime to help Pennsylvania beat Brown 95-90 on Friday night.
The Quakers (14-6, 4-0 Ivy League) closed on a 6-0 run over the final 1:11 of overtime.
The Bears (9-9, 2-3) trailed 93-90 when Zach Hunsaker missed a 3-point attempt with five seconds left. Wood made 1 of 2 free throws with four seconds left and Max Rothschild added another free throw in the final second.
Penn also scored the final six points of regulation, all on free throws, while Brown missed three field-goal attempts over the final three minutes of the period.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The royal wedding planners will certainly be kept busy in 2018!
Princess Eugenie has got engaged to boyfriend Jack Brooksbank just two months after her cousin Prince Harry proposed to Meghan Markle and the pair confirmed they were to marry.
Harry, 33, has a headstart on Eugenie when it comes to making wedding plans. But with the pair now fifth and eighth in line to the throne respectively, there are likely to be similarities in scale and expectations of the day .
Here is everything we know so far...
When is Princess Eugenie's wedding?
(Image: PA)
On February 2, Prince Andrew revealed that the wedding would take place on October 12, 2018.
The Duke of York made the announcement on Twitter. He added that the wedding would take place at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle.
Jack's grandmother had suggested that the couple had hoped to marry in September - but that proved to be impossible. The Queen and Prince Philip traditionally spend the month at Balmoral, in Scotland.
An added complication was the diary of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle after their May wedding. They are expected to go on a tour, with September thought to be a possibility. And with the 2018 Invictus Games, the sports tournament for injured servicemen and women set up by Prince Harry, taking place from 18 to 29 October in Sydney, Australia, diaries are certainly crowded that month.
October it is, then.
Who is her fiancé Jack Brooksbank?
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Jack Brooksbank was educated at posh £8,500-a-term Stowe school in Buckinghamshire but decided not to go to university - instead setting out to forge a career in the hospitality world.
He is a wine merchant and UK and Europe brand manager for Casamigos tequila - and used to manage Mayfair club Mahiki. He's also previously worked at Mexican-themed club Tonteria, Admiral Codrington in Chelsea and the Markham Inn and has previously spoken of hoping to run his own pub business in the future.
How did they meet?
They met seven years ago skiing in Verbier, where Eugenie's father Prince Andrew has a chalet. When he met his future fiancee he was working as a waiter.
In their engagement interview he said it was "love at first sight".
How did they get engaged?
(Image: PA)
Jack got down on one knee during a visit to Nicaragua in January 2018.
Eugenie admitted the lakeside proposal was a complete surprise. "I was over the moon, crying," she said.
Eugenie's engagement ring was designed by the couple together. Jack found a padparadscha sapphire, but admitted he "didn't want to do anything until Eugenie had signed off on it".
The final design of the padparadscha sapphire surrounded by diamonds echoes the style of the ring Eugenie's dad Prince Andrew gave to her mum Sarah Ferguson when they became engaged.
The ring is estimated to be worth £100,000.
Where is Princess Eugenie and Jack getting married?
(Image: PA)
The wedding venue has been confirmed as St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle - the same chapel chosen by Harry and fiancee Meghan Markle for their wedding .
Will they get a title?
(Image: Getty)
The Queen often bestows titles on her relatives when they marry, with Eugenie's dad Prince Andrew made Duke of York, Earl of Inverness, and Baron Killyleagh on his wedding day to Sarah Ferguson.
But at that stage Andrew was second in line to the throne, whereas Eugenie will be ninth in line by the time she marries after the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child.
Andrew is reported to have clashed with his brother Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, over the role planned for his daughters in the future of the royal family, and whether or not they should be full time royals. But they have always enjoyed the support of the Queen.
As Eugenie is already a Princess, Jack might be offered a title by the Queen ahead of his marriage, possibly an Earldom.
Who will pay for the wedding?
(Image: AFP)
The royal family will pay for Prince Harry's wedding, and the cost of Eugenie's big day will also be borne by the royals. If any road closures or policing are required, that bill will be footed by the taxpayer.
Who will design Princess Eugenie's wedding dress?
(Image: Getty)
Princess Eugenie and sister Beatrice were roundly mocked for their style choices at Prince William and Kate Middleton's royal wedding in 2011, when their peacock and pretzel hats caught the eye for the wrong reasons.
Their styles have improved a lot since then, with Eugenie appearing in Harper's Bazaar in 2016.
In the accompanying feature, she talked about what she likes to wear. She said: "For clothes, I love Sandro and Maje. Zara is great for work, and bits from Topshop. My favorite is my lace bomber jacket from Essentiel Antwerp. And I live in my Rag & Bone ankle boots."
She also declared herself a big fan of the Eponine dress she wore for the Queen's 90th birthday service at St Paul's (although Princess Beatrice got it wrong again).
She has also been seen in Roksanda, a favourite of the Duchess of Cambridge.
(Image: Getty)
She picked a floral dress by Erdem for her engagement photo call - one of the the dresses she wore for Harper's Bazaar and another label favoured by Kate.
(Image: PA)
The 5ft 6in (1.72m) bride has spoken of starting to wear high heels making her feel like a grown up - but leaving her with sore feet at the end of the day.
In her engagement interview on The One Show, Eugenie was asked whether she would go for a straight style or a meringue. "I don't know," she replied. "Maybe a mix of both. Can you do that? Is there such a thing?
"No meringue shoulders - that's a little bit out of fashion - maybe it's in fashion now? We'll see what happens."
Who will be the bridesmaids?
Sister Beatrice is surely a shoo-in for chief bridesmaid / maid of honour duties as the sisters are very close. Other possible bridesmaids include Eugenie's good friend - and Harry's ex - Cressida Bonas as well as pals Molly Whitehall and Jules de Boinville.
And could Prince George and Princess Charlotte be in line for their third page boy and flower girl outings in little over a year? They have already played a role for aunt Pippa Middleton and are expected to be part of uncle Prince Harry's wedding. If Eugenie does look to her cousins' children, then Zara and Mike Tindall's daughter Mia could join the list. Plus her cousin Lady Louise Windsor, Prince Edward's daughter, is of bridesmaid age at 14.
Who will be on the guest list?
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The Queen and Prince Philip, plus other royals, will be there - including newlyweds Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, returning to the scene of their own wedding.
Pippa Middleton and husband James Matthews are likely to be invited too, as Eugenie and Jack were guests at their wedding last year. James Middleton and girlfriend Donna Air were at Eugenie's 25th birthday party, so could also feature. Other guests at the Disney-themed 25th birthday party included, Cara Delevingne and sister Chloe, William and Harry's good friend Guy Pelly - whose Mexican-themed nightclub Jack worked at in his previous job - and his Holiday Inn heiress wife Lizzie, Holly Branson, Sir David Frost's son George - plus fellow pupils from her days at school at St George's Ascot and Marlborough College and her student days at Newcastle University.
Melinda Messenger was at the party as her then boyfriend Warren Smith taught Eugenie to ski, but they split up in November.
Could George Clooney even be there? It would sort of be like inviting your boss. Jack is UK and Europe brand manager for the tequila brand founded by Clooney, Casamigos - although it was sold to Diageo for $1billion.
Will the wedding be televised?
There are likely to be television news reports, but don't expect full live coverage as Eugenie is not the child of a future monarch, unlike Harry.
How about a Bank Holiday?
Absolutely no chance.
What does Princess Eugenie do?
(Image: PA)
Princess Eugenie graduated with a 2:1 in English literature and history of art from Newcastle University in 2012. She moved to New York in 2013 to work as a benefits auction manager for online auction firm Paddle8. Since 2015 she has worked at London art gallery Hauser & Wirth, where she is an associate director.
Eugenie is not a full time working royal, meaning she does not have an expected number of engagements to complete and does not receive an allowance from the Privy Purse.
She became patron of the redevelopment appeal for the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, where she had back surgery to correct scoliosis as a 12-year-old in 2002. She is also patron of the Elephant Family, the Teenage Cancer Trust and the Coronet Theatre, and The European School of Osteopathy.
In 2016, she called on the public to support a social media campaign targeting modern slavery after she privately visited a London safe house for slave victims, run by the Salvation Army.
OTTAWA — Canada's official Opposition wants a full parliamentary debate on the Liberal government's decision to send a helicopter contingent to support the United Nations peace force in Mali.
The call from the Conservatives came Monday after Canada's defence and foreign affairs ministers confirmed the Liberal government's 12-month commitment to the west African country.
It includes two Chinook helicopters to provide medical evacuations and logistical support and four smaller, armed Griffons to act as armed escorts for the larger transports.
"Mali is a war zone. This is a combat mission," said Conservative defence critic James Bezan, who expressed concern about the potential for Canadian casualties, noting the deaths to date of more than 160 UN peacekeepers in Mali.
Bezan said the Tories are prepared to debate the government this week.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told the House of Commons the government has contacted the Opposition "to find a way to move forward" on a debate that could take place in the coming weeks.
Bezan and fellow Tory MP Erin O'Toole, the party's foreign affairs critic, suggested the Liberals are using the peacekeeping announcement as a way to divert public attention from the negative publicity surrounding recent overseas trips by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, most recently to India.
O'Toole said Monday's announcement is all about Trudeau trying to curry favour with the UN, where Canada is seeking a temporary two-year seat on the powerful Security Council.
"What are the rules of engagement? Who decides when that Griffon or that Chinook is deployed?" asked O'Toole. "This seems to be a patchwork to meet Justin Trudeau's peacekeeping commitment. Mali is not a peacekeeping mission."
The so-called aviation task force will include support personnel, although a final number has yet to be worked out.
TUESDAY 6am: A REPORT will be prepared for the Coroner after a fatal single-vehicle crash in Tweed yesterday.
The single-vehicle crash happened on Duranbah Road, about 23km from Tweed, about 7.30pm Monday.
The 51-year-old male driver - and sole occupant - died at the scene.
Officers from Tweed/Byron Local Area Command will investigate the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers.
Police are urging anyone with information in relation to this incident to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or use the Crime Stoppers online reporting page.
Information you provide will be treated in the strictest of confidence. We remind people they should not report crime information via our Facebook and Twitter pages.
MONDAY 10pm: POLICE and emergency services have been called to the scene of a motor vehicle accident at Duranbah, near Kingscliff.
A NSW Police spokesperson confirmed emergency services had been called to a crash at Duranbah Rd about 7.30pm tonight, with police, ambulance and the NSW Fire and Rescue Service all in attendance.
However, the spokesperson was unable to confirm any further details with investigators still at the scene of the accident, just south of the popular tourist destination of Tropical Fruit World.
By The Associated Press
The Philadelphia Eagles will not have tight ended Zach Ertz, scratched against the Los Angeles Rams as he remains in the NFL's concussion protocol.
Ertz took a big hit in the Eagles' loss at Seattle last weekend. The California native had hoped to play, and he's also the Eagles' leading receiver with 57 catches for 663 yards and seven touchdowns.
The Jacksonville Jaguars will be without speedy linebacker Telvin Smith because of a concussion. It could be a significant loss against scrambling Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson.
Smith will miss his second straight game and remains in the league's concussion program. Smith had been listed as questionable to play.
The Seahawks will be without defensive end Dion Jordan (neck), who also had been questionable. Seattle running back Eddie Lacy was a healthy scratch.
Broncos nose tackle Domata Peko is missing his second straight game after starting 123 straight. He's been bothered by a knee injury.
___
PHILADELPHIA-LOS ANGELES RAMS
Eagles: OT Will Beatty, TE Zach Ertz, WR Marcus Johnson, DT Elijah Qualls, RB Wendell Smallwood, QB Nate Sudfeld, LB Joe Walker.
Rams: QB Brandon Allen, WR Robert Woods, RB Lance Dunbar, RB Justin Davis, OLB Carlos Thompson, T Cornelius Lucas, OLB Connor Barwin.
___
SEATTLE-JACKSONVILLE
Seahawks: SS Kam Chancellor, DE Dion Jordan, RB Eddie Lacy, C Joey Hunt, G Oday Aboushi, WR David Moore, DT Nazair Jones.
Jaguars: LB Telvin Smith, WR Allen Hurns, CB Jalen Myrick, DL Eli Ankou, G Chris Reed, OT Josh Walker, OT William Poehls.
___
TENNESSEE-ARIZONA
Titans: QB Brandon Weeden, CB Kalan Reed, DB Curtis Riley, OL Corey Levin, WR Harry Douglas, TE Luke Stocker, LB Derrick Morgan.
Cardinals: QB Matt Barkley, WR John Brown, WR Carlton Agudosi, RB Adrian Peterson, RB Bronson Hill, C Max Tuerk, DL Corey Peters.
___
NEW YORK JETS-DENVER
Jets: QB Christian Hackenberg, CB Derrick Jones, LB Freddie Bishop, LB Bruce Carter, OT Ben Ijalana, OL Jonotthan Harrison, CB Jeremy Clark.
Broncos: QB Paxton Lynch, CB Brendan Langley, RB De'Angelo Henderson, G Ron Leary, T Cyrus Kouandjio, NT Domata Peko, KR/WR Isaiah McKenzie.
___
WASHINGTON-LOS ANGELES CHARGERS
Redskins: WR Maurice Harris, WR Robert Davis, S Montae Nicholson, OG Kyle Kalis, C Chase Roullier, TE Jordan Reed, DL Terrell McClain
Chargers: QB Cardale Jones, WR Geremy Davis, RB Branden Oliver, LB James Onwualu, OT Michael Ola, TE Sean Culkin, DE Jerry Attaochu.
___
DALLAS-NEW YORK GIANTS
Cowboys: DL David Irving, CB Orlando Scandrick, LB Justin Durant, WR Brice Butler, RB Trey Williams, DT Daniel Ross, TE Blake Jarwin.
Giants: OT Justin Pugh, LB B.J Goodson, WR Travis Rudolph, CB Eli Apple, WR Tavarres King, QB Davis Webb, DT Khyri Thornton.
___
INDIANAPOLIS-BUFFALO
Colts: WR Donte Moncrief, TE Darrell Daniels, C Ryan Kelly, CB Rashaan Melvin, RB Matt Jones, OT Tyreek Burwell, DT Hassan Ridgeway.
Bills: QB Tyrod Taylor, CB Leonard Johnson, OLs Cordy Glenn, Seantrel Henderson and John Miller, TE Khari Lee and WR Brandon Reilly.
___
OAKLAND-KANSAS CITY
Raiders: OL Jon Feliciano, LB Cory James, DL Jihad Ware, CB David Amerson, WR Isaac Whitney, RT Jylan Ware, QB Connor Cook.
Chiefs: CB Marcus Peters, C Mitch Morse, RG Parker Ehinger, QB Tyler Bray, SS Eric Murray, DT Justin Hamilton.
___
MINNESOTA-CAROLINA
Vikings: QB Kyle Sloter, WR Stacy Coley, C Pat Elflein, OT Mike Remmers, TE David Morgan, DE Tashawn Bower, DT Jaleel Johnson.
Panthers: LB Shaq Thompson, C Tyler Larsen, QB Garrett Gilbert, CB LaDarius Gunter, FB Alex Armah, OT Amini Silatolu, DE Zach Moore.
___
SAN FRANCISCO-HOUSTON
49ers: RB Jeremy McNichols, DB Antone Exum, Jr., LB Pita Taumoepenu, OL Trent Brown, DL Leger Douzable, DL D.J. Jones, DL Ronald Blair III.
Texans: WR Braxton Miller (concussion), WR Cobi Hamilton, RB Alfred Blue, LB Jelani Jenkins, OT Julien Davenport, OLB Ufomba Kamalu, NT Chunky Clements.
___
GREEN BAY-CLEVELAND
Packers: RB Devante Mays, CB Demetri Goodson, LB Nick Perry, T Ulrick John, G/T Adam Pankey, WR Michael Clark, LB Chris Odom.
Browns: QB Cody Kessler, WR Bryce Treggs, CB Briean Boddy-Calhoun, S Jabrill Peppers, DL Danny Shelton, OL Marcus Martin and TE Matt Lengel.
___
DETROIT-TAMPA BAY
Lions: WR Bradley Marquez, RB Ameer Abdullah, RB Dwayne Washington, CB Jamal Agnew, LB Nick Bellone, T Rick Wagner, T Emmett Cleary.
Buccaneers: QB Ryan Griffin, DB Josh Robinson, CB Vernon Hargreaves III, S T.J. Ward, OL Mike Liedtke, WR Bobo Wilson, DT Clinton McDonald.
___
CHICAGO-CINCINNATI
Bears: QB Mark Sanchez, DB Adrian Amos, DL Eddie Goldman, DB DeAndre Houston-Carson, OL Cameron Lee, LB Pernell McPhee, RB Taquan Mizzell.
Bengals: CB Dre Kirkpatrick, RB Joe Mixon, S Shawn Williams, LB Vontaze Burfict, LB Nick Vigil, G Christian Westerman, DT Josh Tupou.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Have your say
If you're heading out of Leeds to go home tonight you may end up hitting severe delays on the M1 motorway.
'Very slow traffic' has hit the M1 southbound between Junction 41 A650 (Carrgate) and Junction 40 A638 (Ossett/Wakefield).
The tailbacks could affect drivers leaving Leeds and heading south on the motorway towards Wakefield, Barnsley, Sheffield or beyond.
The news comes as buses are also delayed in Leeds due to a vehicle causing an obstruction.
Keep following for the latest traffic updates.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal return to action boosted by the deadline-day arrival of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as they bid to return to winning ways.
The Gunners were beaten 3-1 at Swansea in midweek and are in danger of falling out of the top-four race.
Arsene Wenger could pair his new striker with former Dortmund teammate Henrik Mkhitaryan after the Armenian came off the bench against the Welsh side.
Everton's ranks have also been boosted by the arrival of Eliaquim Mangala from Manchester City.
Here is all you need to know about the fixture...
When is the game?
The game kicks off at 5.30pm today.
Where can I watch it?
The match is being broadcast on BT Sport 1 and you can also follow every kick on Mirror Football.
Is there a live steam?
The match will be streamed on the BT Sport website and app.
Team News
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is set to be given his Arsenal debut despite a bout of illness ahead of the Gunners' clash with Everton.
The north London side broke their transfer record to land the Gabon forward but a fever has left him a slight doubt ahead of the Emirates Stadium clash.
Manager Arsene Wenger has confirmed Henrikh Mkhitaryan will make his first start but Jack Wilshere has also been ill and could be sidelined, while Danny Welbeck (hip) and Santi Cazorla (achilles) remain absent.
Everton's new on-loan defender Eliaquim Mangala could be involved against Arsenal at the Emirates.
The Frenchman joined from Manchester City on deadline day and is set to be in the squad.
Manager Sam Allardyce may decide to rest Seamus Coleman after his first appearance in 319 days after a double leg fracture, while midfielder James McCarthy is in the early stages of rehabilitation from a similar injury.
A file photo of US defence secretary Jim Mattis. Photo: AP
Washington: Defence secretary Jim Mattis warned it would be “game on” for war if North Korea fired missiles that hit the US or its territories, including the Pacific island of Guam.
“It could escalate into war very quickly—yes, that's called war,” Mattis told reporters Monday at the Pentagon. “If they shoot at the United States, I'm assuming they hit the United States—if they do that, then it's ‘game on'.” Asked if he considers Guam part of the US, he said, “Yeah, it sure is.”
About 7,000 US military personnel and their families are on Guam, an unincorporated US territory with a total population of 170,000. The strategic outpost is about 2,100 miles (3,400 kilometers) southeast of Pyongyang. After President Donald Trump warned the US would unleash “fire and fury” if Kim Jong-un's regime continued to threaten nuclear war, North Korea outlined a plan to fire four intermediate-range ballistic missiles to land near Guam.
Mattis was vague about what would happen if missiles were launched toward Guam but splashed into the sea. He said US surveillance would know if the missiles would hit land within moments of them being fired. “I need a certain amount of ambiguity because I'm not going to tell them what I'm going to do in each case,” Mattis said.
Mattis cautioned against portraying his words as a virtual declaration of war. He said that “is up to the president, perhaps up to the Congress. The bottom line is we will defend the country from an attack.”
Kim discussed plans for Guam with his commanding officers during an inspection of military forces on Monday, the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported. The North Korean leader said he will watch the US's conduct “a little more” and praised his strategic force for drawing up “a close and careful plan,” KCNA said.
With military commanders waiting for orders from the Workers' Party Central Committee, Kim added he would “watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees spending a hard time of every minute of their miserable lot,” KCNA reported.
The typically blunt words from Mattis came hours after the top US general reassured South Korea that a diplomatic solution to the tensions with North Korea over its nuclear arsenal was Trump's priority.
Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, reaffirmed the US commitment to protect South Korea after a meeting with President Moon Jae-in, spokesman Park Su-hyun told reporters in Seoul on Monday. “Dunford told Moon everyone hopes to resolve the current situation without going to war,” Park said.
Other administration officials also have sought at least a temporary halt in the war of words between Trump and Kim, which sparked fears that a miscalculation could lead to conflict. Global stocks gained and volatility receded Monday as the prospect of war between the two countries appeared to cool.
Diplomatic overtures
European Union Foreign Policy Chief Federica Mogherini called in a statement Monday for North Korea to “refrain from any further provocative action.” She said the EU “and its member states will strengthen their diplomatic work by reaching out” to North Korea and South Korea, the US, China, Russia and Japan.
In a joint commentary in the Wall Street Journal, Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said “the US is willing to negotiate with Pyongyang,” but appeared to reject China's “suspension-for-suspension” proposal, in which North Korea would halt further nuclear and missile tests in return for the US and South Korea stopping joint military drills in the region.
“Given the long record of North Korea's dishonesty in negotiations and repeated violations of international agreements, it is incumbent upon the regime to signal its desire to negotiate in good faith,” they wrote. “A sincere indication would be the immediate cessation of its provocative threats, nuclear tests, missile launches and other weapons tests.”
Mattis, who also sought last week to emphasize diplomatic efforts, said Monday that he wasn't trying to reignite tensions.
“It's not that I'm over here—Dr. Strangelove,” he said, but “you don't shoot at people in this world unless you want to bear the consequences.” Bloomberg
Christy Clark and her son, Hamish, address the media during a press conference on her decision to leave public life. (Katya Slepian/Black Press)
Former premier Christy Clark has landed a job at a law firm as she officially moves on from political life.
Clark, who lost her post last July when the NDP-Green coalition was allowed to form government, had retired as leader of the BC Liberals in August.
The province's longest serving female premier has taken a step back from public life for the past year, surfacing Wednesday with an announcement that she was joining Bennett Jones.
VIDEO: “I am done with public life,” says Christy Clark
Clark has joined the firm's Vancouver office as a senior advisor on their governmental affairs and public policy team.
“Christy's leadership as Premier took British Columbia to new economic heights,” said firm CEO Hugh MacKinnon. “Her vision on driving growth through trade is one that our clients share.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. — Turner Elson scored a goal and set up three more to lift the Grand Rapids Griffins to a 5-2 win over the Manitoba Moose on Friday in the American Hockey League opener for both teams.
Colin Campbell had a goal and two assists for the Griffins (1-0-0) and Ryan Sproul, Dylan McIlrath and Dominic Turgeon also scored.
Cam Maclise, while shorthanded, and Peter Stoykewych supplied the offence for Manitoba (0-1-0).
Jared Coreau made 27 saves in the win. Eric Comrie turned aside 17 shots in defeat.
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
Prosecutors launched a new investigation Monday into allegations that South Korea's main intelligence agency orchestrated cyber operations to sway voters in the 2012 presidential election, after they were given the findings of an internal probe.The internal investigation team at the National Intelligence Service announced earlier this month that the spy agency operated up to 30 "extra-departmental teams," many involving Internet-savvy civilians, for election-meddling operations.The team put the blame on Won Sei-hoon, who led the NIS from 2009-2013 under the conservative Lee Myung-bak administration. Won is on trial for allegedly pulling the strings of the cyber operations to influence the 2012 vote in favor of then-conservative candidate Park Geun-hye.Days before the presidential polls, members of the NIS' anti-North Korea psychological warfare team posted messages critical of then main opposition candidate Moon Jae-in and supporting Park on social networking and news websites. Park was elected by a narrow margin, according to the internal investigation.The NIS investigation team has handed over its findings to the prosecution.One of the key points in the prosecution's investigation is how far it will go, including who else, in addition to the former NIS chief, would be investigated.The prosecution is also expected to look into other illegal political activities of the spy agency. Some even speculate that top officials of the government of then President Lee Myung-bak could be a target of the investigation.President Moon Jae-in has vowed to reform the NIS by making it focus on collecting and analyzing intelligence and information on North Korea and foreign affairs. The task force also investigated a dozen other cases of the agency's alleged past wrongdoings. (Yonhap)
Read more: The battle to ban plastic bags
Recently, Prince Edward Island took the big step to announce new legislation to make it the first province to ban SUP shopping bags. Seattle is the first major U.S. city to ban the use of plastic drinking straws.
Government support
Canada is planning to adopt a zero-waste strategy, and we recently heard more about these details in the non-binding G7 Ocean Plastics Charter, which was agreed to by five of the seven participating nations and the European Union (EU). However, neither the United States nor Japan signed the voluntary agreement.
National and international organizations have also made recent announcements about how to reduce and improve recycling, but all have committed to widely varying timelines to achieve these goals.
Read more: An international plastics treaty could avert a 'Silent Spring' for our seas
For example, the United Nations Environment Programme (with support from 42 governments), declared a fight against plastics, announcing their global Clean Seas campaign in 2017 to eliminate major sources of marine debris by 2022.
The following year, the European Commission (EC) adopted the first Europe-wide strategy on plastics, aiming for all plastic packaging in the EU to be reusable or recyclable — but not until 2030.
Lagging behind the international community, the United Kingdom announced it will eliminate “avoidable” plastic waste by 2042 — almost a generation away!
Meanwhile, Canada has also been soliciting comments and ideas on ways to reduce plastic pollution and improve recycling.
Corporations lead the way
With governments setting unambitious targets, it seems that large corporations are now showing leadership by listening to consumers who are demanding less SUPs in their packing and food containers.
Recently, McDonald's announced that it would replace plastic straws with paper ones in all of its U.K. and Ireland restaurants, as of September 2018. This strategy may soon be rolled out in other jurisdictions. IKEA has also committed to eliminating all SUP products from its home furnishing range by 2020, including plastic straws, plates, cups, freezer bags, garbage bags and plastic-coated paper plates and cups.
Why has it taken so long to tackle this wicked problem?
Sure, the plastics industry has something to lose, and maybe governments also lack the will and technology to make the transition sooner?
But time is running out.
I'm just glad that the Romans invented viaducts and straight roads instead of SUPs, as we likely wouldn't be here today if they had. Giving up a plastic straw, stirrer or bag might not be so bad after all.
If I have to choose between “Planet or Plastic”, I know which I'll pick. What about you?
Tony Robert Walker, Assistant Professor, Dalhousie University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Words and Feathers
They said I was mad. Mad! But I told them I would do it.
Here is my audio recording of my poem “while skydiving, i contemplate the inner ear, stalactites, the half-life of monamine oxidase inhibitors, why i consistently burn my bacon, and whether the chute will open” which you can read (in less time that you took to read that title) at Tupelo's 30/30 Project page.
Look for Day 10 and the longest title on the page.
Part of the deal was that I would include an audio recording for Robert Okaji in exchange for his sponsoring (and titling) this poem. You can see his site here.
while skydiving
Little Rock Senior Center At Risk of Closing; Seeking Funds from City Video
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. -- A Little Rock senior center is at risk of closing for good -- if they can't get the necessary funds from the city. The Care Link Fitness and Wellness Center on Cleveland Street in Little Rock is one of several in the state.
"Our Zumba classes are incredibly popular, we have 75 plus people in those," says Michelle Gilbert. But in less than a month - these front doors may be closed for good. "There's about an $180,000 difference in what we're bringing in and what it costs to operate the facility," says Gilbert.
The center is a non-profit - with six locations in Central Arkansas. Staff say it's the only senior center of it's kind in Little Rock. "Actually had hopes of expanding this facility in the future, to include additional exercise space and computer rooms," says CEO, Luke Mattingly.
They say right now - they'll need help from the city to come up with the money in order to provide services to seniors and keep the facility open. But if not, they say, "Some of the staff will be let go and some with duties outside the facility will be relocated," says Gilbert.
While these members enjoy what may be the last few weeks in this pool, they're hoping it stays open for those in need.
The center is set to close on July 31st. Staff say they are waiting to hear back from the city to see if they will be given the funds to stay open.
Little Rock City Board members met Monday night and voted to wait and additional two weeks to get more information on where the money will go and how providing funds will affect the 2019 budget.
A small vintage plane crashed Wednesday afternoon in a wooded area in Melville and burst into flames, officials said. The pilot was the only occupant.
Suffolk police Chief of Department Stuart Cameron said the plane went down shortly before 2 p.m. off Northcote Drive. Photos show the plane on fire, right along the woods and the road.
Cameron said no one on the ground was injured. He did not know the fate of the pilot.
“It was fortunate that the plane crashed in the wooded area and not the residential part,” Cameron said, noting the proximity to homes. The area is flanked by a nursery and homes on one side and a grove of trees on the other.
The Federal Aviation Administration said it is investigating the crash of a SNJ-2 aircraft into a residential area in Melville. The World War II ear plane is the same type flown by the GEICO Skytypers, a group of stunt pilots who participated in last weekend's Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach. Calls made to the group Wednesday afternoon were not immediately returned.
Accountant Lou Scaglione was out for lunch when he saw a formation of what he described as five World War II planes. The next time he looked there were four. Then, he saw smoke over the trees.
“It's heartbreaking,” said Scaglione, 53, of Deer Park. “These planes are part of Long Island. It's a shame that one of them is down over there.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Al Alami, 21, of Queens, was landing at nearby Republic Airport in East Farmingdale in a Piper Warrior when he saw the plane that crashed spiraling downward.
“I only saw the smoke, I didn't see the fire,” Alami said. “But my instructor saw the flames and pointed it out.”
A spokeswoman for Republic, where the Skytypers are based, said she had no information on the plane's destination or original location.
Al Alami, 21, of Queens, was landing at nearby Republic Airport in East Farmingdale in a Piper Warrior when he saw the plane that crashed spiraling downward. Alami said he is studying to be an airline pilot and came to the crash site hoping his fellow airman was alright. pic.twitter.com/z8dcvxyh6J — Janelle Griffith (@janellefiona) May 30, 2018 Lynn Davis, who lives walking distance from the crash site, said it is not uncommon to hear plane activity overhead, but this time sounded different. pic.twitter.com/zOfiMI5wlQ — Janelle Griffith (@janellefiona) May 30, 2018
Almost two dozen emergency vehicles were at the scene, including police patrol cars, fire trucks, an ambulance and the Republic Airport fire rescue truck.
With Robert Brodsky, Craig Schneider, Janelle Griffith and Joan Gralla
FACT CHECK: Read The GOP Memo Released By House Intelligence Committee
A memo alleging the FBI abused its surveillance authority became public on Friday after a push by House Republicans. President Trump authorized the memo's release, even after the FBI expressed "grave concerns" about the "accuracy" of the document, authored by House intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif.
NPR journalists who cover the Justice Department, the White House and national security have annotated the White House's authorization letter and the memo itself.
J M Barrie's Peter Pan is brought to life in Peterborough this weekend, with music, food and drink, cinema and festive markets to keep everyone busy
Peter Pan
Embe2Go
The Undercroft, December 2
A professional production of Peter Pan, inspired by J.M. Barrie's novel, produced by Peterborough-based theatre company Lamphouse Theatre. The production will appeal to both boys and girls and discusses important morals; family, responsibility, friendship, bravery, trust and ambition. Suitable age 6+
www.lamphousetheatre.co.uk
Craft and Food Fair
Crowland Abbey, December 2
The annual St Nicholas Craft & Food Fair will be held between 10am and 3pm. This includes food as well as many crafts plus live seasonal music. Refreshments include homemade soup, mulled wine and mince pies. Admission is only 50p. The Fair will close at 3pm as that is when the switching on of the town's light events will begin.
www.crowlandabbey.org.uk
Whole Lotta Shakin
Stamford Corn Exchange, Dec 1
Rebel Dean will take you on a journey with all the authentic costume changes, celebrating the music of Shakin' Stevens, who had more hits than any other artist in the charts throughout the 80s. All driven by a five-piece band, this is a must-see show, if you have ever wondered what's behind the ‘Green Door', now is your chance to find out.
Box office 01780 766455
The Conmitments and The Motown Sensations
Stamford Corn Exchange, Dec 2
The Conmitments are now recognised as more than just a tribute, they are a unique and original interpretation of the classic Soul and Motown sound. The Sensations are a tribute to the Tamla Motown era of the Sixties. The band have been performing for the past 12 years in both the UK and Europe, recreating the classic sounds of The Temptations, The Supremes, Martha Reeves, Marvin Gaye, The Four Tops and more.
Box office 01780 766455
Moments With Trees
Ferry Meadows, Dec 3
To celebrate trees and people the park will be hosting a tree dressing day. Go to the
Visitor Centre and create an item to hang on special trees, 11.30am to 2.30pm.
www.neneparktrust.org.uk
Christmas Market
Hampton Vale Community Centre, December 3
The Hampton Women's Institute event runs from 1.45pm to 4.15pm. There will be mince pies, cakes, a raffle, tombola and lucky dip plus business stalls.
hamptonwi2008@gmail.com
Food and drink
City Market, Dec 1 and 2
Embe2Go, the African Carribbean streetfood stall will be serving up rum punch and entertainment from a DJ as well as soulfood from 11.30am to 4.30pm on Friday and Saturday.
www.embepopup.co.uk
Charity concert
Freemasons Lodge, Bretton, Dec 2
The Vocal'Ize Charity Musical Red Carpet Extravaganza also features Just in Tune, O2LP, Northern Journey, DJ Luke and more from 7pm to midnight. There will be a bar and refreshments. The chosen charities are The British Red Cross Hurricane Appeal and The UK Sepsis Trust.
The Lost City of Z
John Clare Theatre, tonight
Peterborough Arts Cinema brings the incredible true story of British explorer Percy Fawcett, who journeys into the Amazon at the dawn of the 20th century and discovers evidence of a previously unknown, advanced civilisation that may have once inhabited the region.
www.peterborough artscinema.co.uk
Tour
Peterborough Museum, Dec 2 at 10.30am
Specially designed tour allows a closer look at the details of the city's heritage, using an accessible route as well as incorporating touch, enlarged pictures and a slower pace. . Starts from Peterborough Museum at 10.30am. Book ahead or turn up on day. More details 01733 864663
The board of Sino Gas & Energy Holdings has backed $530 million takeover of the only China-focused gas play listed in Australia.
Subiaco-based Sino Gas today said a deal had been struck for Lone Star to pay 25¢ a share for the company, 19 per cent above its closing price yesterday.
"The 100 per cent cash consideration represents an attractive premium to recent trading prices, and provides certainty of value for Sino shareholders,” managing director Glenn Corrie said.
“While the Sino Gas directors remain of the view that the business and assets have significant potential, they acknowledge that the cash consideration provides shareholders with cash certain value now versus the future risks and uncertainties associated with the business,” Mr Corrie said.
The takeover would be achieved through a scheme of arrangement and subject to a vote by shareholders.
Sino Gas directors have unanimously recommended shareholders back the scheme in the absence of a superior proposal and subject to an independent expert's report.
Lone Star invests globally in a range of different assets classes, including the oil and gas industry. Its funds have capital commitments of more than $US70 billion.
Sino Gas' shares were up 3¢ to 24¢ at 10.57am.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's nothing quite like bagging a freebie or two when you're out shopping - and thanks to department store Debenhams, you could be in line to get some wonderful free goodies every month.
There's a genius way you can get free beauty products each month through the store's Beauty Club scheme. However, if you want to get involved, you'll have to act very quickly.
Anyone already signed up to the Debenhams Beauty Club may already be aware of the great incentives which come with being a member but for those who are yet to register for one - there is a very good reason why you absolutely should.
Every month, Debenhams offers a free Beauty Box to its members, the Liverpool Echo reports. All you have to do is show your club card at the tills in store to receive your box, but there is only a limited number available in each store.
The sneaky way to get freebies was revealed in a post shared in the Facebook group 10 ways to have more money.
It has led to comments from shoppers confirming the hack works, although many pointed out you do need to be quick to get hold of the free gifts.
Lorraine Osland said: "You have to get in really fast to pick up these offers... they only get about 100 per store and they usually all go on the first day.
"This month's offer I was lucky enough to get the last one in my local Debehams... it is amazing... smells divine and leaves your skin feeling silky soft."
Debenhams has a branch in Broadmead.
What is Beauty Club?
(Image: Debenhams)
- Once signed up to Debenhams loyalty schemes, customers earn three points for every £1 they spend on beauty, fragrance, beauty services and beauty electricals.
- Members can also earn £5 for every time they earn 500 points (1000 points and so on)
- These points are converted to reward each month.
- Benefits include freebies, birthday treats and free online delivery.
- It is free to become a member.
OTTAWA — The co-founders of a Canadian company at the centre of the international scandal over the alleged inappropriate use of Facebook data are defending their work in support of political campaigns around the globe.
Speaking to a parliamentary committee, Jeff Silvester of the B.C.-based political advertising firm AggregateIQ says the company helps its customers craft their messages for online political ads and how to effectively make use of data for their campaigns.
But Silvester, the firm's chief operating officer, insists AggregateIQ does not harvest data and only uses what it is provided — nor does it undertake any kind of voter profiling, including psychographic profiling.
He says the company's work differs little from what political campaigns in Canada do to promote a candidate or a party, such as putting up lawn signs, sending volunteers to knock on doors and making phone calls.
The Victoria firm has been suspended by Facebook and is under investigation by privacy commissioners in Ottawa, B.C. and the United Kingdom for its role in a controversy that allegedly involved a breach of millions of users' private information to help the "Leave" side win the U.K.'s 2016 Brexit referendum.
AggregateIQ has also been linked to Cambridge Analytica, the political consultancy firm accused of improperly accessing the private Facebook data to help the Leave campaign in Brexit as well as Donald Trump's winning 2016 U.S. presidential bid.
In his testimony Tuesday, Silvester said AggregateIQ has always complied with laws in Canada and abroad. He also disputed allegations raised by Canadian data expert and whistle-blower Christopher Wylie, saying AggregateIQ has never been part of Cambridge Analytica nor its parent company, SCL.
"We are not data harvesters by any stretch of the imagination and, certainly, we don't do psychographic profiling or profiling of any other type," he told the committee on access to information, privacy and ethics, which is holding hearings this month on the data breach involving Facebook and Cambridge Analytica.
"We're not psychologists, we're tech guys."
Efforts by volunteers and political candidates themselves to persuade voters are no different from the work of AggregateIQ, he added.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Tory MP told schoolchildren “We need to find the b******s who did this” as he raged about litter and pollution.
Outspoken Sir Desmond Swayne swore while addressing Year Six kids at an event in the House of Commons about rubbish strewn around a beauty spot.
The maverick former minister, who was the top Commons aide to David Cameron when he was PM, was meeting youngsters from Walhampton School in his constituency when he let rip with the outburst.
New Forest West MP Sir Desmond told the Mirror: “We were taking about littering the Forest, referring to anyone who dumps stuff all over the Forest.
(Image: Nick Lucas / SWNS.com)
(Image: Rex)
“Have you been down to the New Forest recently?
“I cycle to and from the station when I'm on my way and I do a great deal of dog walking.
“Even in the middle of nowhere you will find people who have gone to the trouble of putting their dog poo in a little bag and then hanging the bag on a tree branch or on a bush.
“I was referring generally to anyone who pollutes the place.
“This is the most magnificent, the rarest landscape, lowland heath and people are trashing it, people throw stuff out their cars the whole time.
“We had a discussion with the children - you know, what is the solution to this? - and I just said off the cuff, ‘We've got to get the b******s who dump their litter everywhere'.”
Insisting he wasn't referring to anyone specifically, he added: “Just the b******s.”
Defending the language used in front of the kids, he said: “I think they were OK, I think they are strong enough to handle it.
“Put it this way, there appeared to be no sense of shock either amongst their teacher or the students themselves.”
Sir Desmond, 61, was attending a parliamentary reception organised by the Keep Britain Tidy campaign and Brita, which makes water filters, om April 17.
It was held to mark the launch of a report aimed at raising awareness of litter in the seas.
Ex-Territorial Army officer Sir Desmond, who was also an economics teacher, was one several MPs who attended.
(Image: BBC)
He later tweeted a picture of him with five kids from the school, saying it had “some great ideas for beating the plastic and litter problem”.
The school trumpeted the visit on its Facebook page, saying: “Six Year 6 pupils from Walhampton attended a presentation to MP's (sic) in the House of Commons.
“We were invited by Keep Britain Tidy, supported by Brita, who had run two Plastics Challenge workshops at the school last term.
“Walhampton was one of two schools talking about ideas to reduce single use plastic waste at the event.
(Image: Getty)
“The pupils enjoyed meeting notable visitors who spotted our Eco-Schools Green Flag and our huge reused top turtle artwork.”
The £17,000-a-year private school, near Lymington, Hants, teaches youngsters aged two to 13.
One of the pupils pictured was shown holding a collage of a turtle.
Sir Desmond was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Mr Cameron for two years after the then PM entered No 10.
He was promoted to a become a Government whip in charge of party discipline.
He held the role for two years before becoming a Minister in the Department for International Development.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Things are hotting up in the transfer window in the English Football League as we tick into June tonight and there have been plenty of comings and goings already. Here are some of the latest rumours and news about what lies ahead.
The predicted League One table next season as Coventry City join Bristol Rovers
Sunderland could break League One transfer record
Relegated Sunderland are reported to be considering breaking the League One transfer record this summer to sign John McGinn from Scottish Premier League Hibernian.
According to the Northern Echo the Black Cats want to sign the £3m rate player as they look to make an immediate return to the Championship under new manager Jack Ross who took the top job last week after leaving newly-promoted Scottish Premier League side St Mirren to sign a two-year contract at the Stadium of Light.
Celtic and Rangers are also reported to be keen on signing the 23-year-old Scotland international midfielder, with a stay in Scotland reported to be the player's preference.
Everton man signs for Oldham
Midfielder Joes Baxter has gone full circle.
Oldham Athletic have re-signed Baxter from Premier League Everton on a one-year deal 'in principle' according to BBC Sport.
Baxter, 26, has been training with Everton's under-23 side this last season, after completing a 12-month drugs ban.
Latics fans have fond memories of the midfielder who scored 17 goals in 50 games for Oldham.
Pair of Peterborough strikers wanted by League Two clubs
Port Vale are reported to be keen on Peterborough United strikers Junior Morias and Ricky Miller.
Both men, who struggled last season, were put on Posh's transfer list this summer, and according to The Peterborough Telegraph Port Vale boss Neil Aspn is keen to add to his options up front.
Jamaican striker Morias, 22, ended up with seven goals last season, while Miller, 29, scored just once for Mansfield having been sent out on loan after signing in the summer.
Sheffield United to miss out on former Spurs man
Plymouth Argyle are set to keep playmaker Ruben Lameiras despite interest from Championship side Sheffield United according to the Plymouth Herald.
Lameiras, 23, came up through the ranks with Tottenham Hotspur having joined the club in 2011, but never made it into the first team.
He built his reputation at Coventry in League One before leaving them when they were relegated to League Two for Plymouth.
Firefighters in North Yorkshire were called out to three separate incidents involving fires started by young people yesterday.
The most serious was at The Oval in Harrogate, where three fire engines and an aerial ladder platform were sent to tackle a blaze in a disused three storey building at around 6.15pm.
A North Yorkshire Fire Service spokesman said: "The fire was due to rubbish being lit within the property. Three youths were escorted from the building by fire crews and given a precautionary check by ambulance."
Crews from Harrogate and Knaresborough used two hose reel jets and four breathing apparatus sets while putting out the fire.
It followed an earlier call to the skate part in Harrogate's Valley Gardens after rubbish was set alight.
Crews were called there at around 5.20pm but found the fire was already out when they arrived.
Meanwhile, engines from Kirbymoorside and Helmsley were sent to a fire at a derelict property in Swineherd Lane, Kirkbymoorside, at around 7.45pm.
A fire had begun in the stairwell of the empty building and is believed to have been started by children.
Crews used a thermal imaging camera before putting out the fire using a hose reel.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An angry mother claims she has been banned from her daughter's school after handing the headteacher a doctor's note saying her child shouldn't be wearing her blazer.
Emma Weaver says her 12-year-old Ellie-Marie was diagnosed with low-blood pressure due to the heatwave and her GP recommended she be kept cool to stop her fainting.
But the 33-year-old claims Five Acres High School in the Forest of Dean has not taken it seriously and now banned her from going to the school herself.
Gloucestershire Live has reported the mum kept her daughter home for a day and is now allowed to wear lighter attire but Emma is speaking out about concerns the uniform policy and disregarding the doctor's advice.
(Image: COPYRIGHT SIMON PIZZEY)
She added after a meeting she received an email saying she is banned from the school for slamming doors and disrespecting the headteacher, something she denies.
“All the parents can't understand it because the school's actually going against official public health advice," she said.
“The headteacher called the kids to a special assembly to tell them they couldn't wear hats, but I have two little ones and their primary school will not even let them outside without a hat.
“They are allowed to take their blazers off in the classroom, but I keep hearing of kids complaining about feeling sick and headachy because they have to wear them for uniform inspections and in the yard at breaktimes.
(Image: COPYRIGHT SIMON PIZZEY)
“Several parents have complained to the head but he is having none of it and had actually laughed at several of us. He even laughed at me when I went in with doctor's letter and said 'well your daughter didn't faint so I'm not changing my policy'.
"Parents are desperate and angry but we have nowhere to turn. We want him to put children's health before appearance.”
Ellie-Marie is back in school minus her blazer and tie but she has to spend her breaks inside in isolation rather than play with her friends, according to Emma.
Headteacher Ben Parnell said pupils do not have to wear blazers in lessons or on breaks and said the school had issued sun safety advice.
"We wouldn't ever discuss an individual child or family's concerns publicly," he said.
"However we are dealing with the warm weather in a sensible manner whereby students are not required to wear blazers during lunch and break time or in lessons.
"We have sent advice to all parents about staying hydrated and to use sun lotion. We have plenty of well-ventilated spaces for children to spend their lunch and break time if they do not want to be outside in the sunshine.
"There have been very few concerns raised, in fact the children and parents are loving this fantastic period of warm weather, so much so that we bought all the children ice-creams on Friday lunchtime to say well done for their mature approach to school and as a thank-you for maintaining their high standards and expectations."
When he joined last year he promised to turn the school around after a damning Ofsted report put them in special measures, part of which was to introduce a stricter regime including new uniforms.
He said banning mobile phones and bringing in blazers would help transform the school.
“Clear boundaries keep children safe. I have worked in schools with strict policies and the outcomes have been exceptional,” he said at the time about the school which is part of the Greenshaw Learning Trust.
OSHAWA — The Oshawa Generals battled back from a 4-2 deficit to force overtime Friday, but lost 5-4 to the Niagara IceDogs before 3,810 fans at the Tribute Communities Centre.
Matthew Philip scored the winning goal after an end-to-end rush, taking advantage of a fallen Nico Gross to get a clear shot on goalie Logan Gauthier before tapping home his own rebound 3:26 into OT.
Gauthier, getting his third straight start in the absence of injured Kyle Keyser, robbed Akil Thomas earlier in the overtime on a power play that came about when Generals defenceman Matt Brassard drew a delay of game penalty after clearing the puck into the crowd just before the third period ended.
Serron Noel nearly ended the game in Oshawa's favour shortly after the penalty was killed off, but was stopped by Stephen Dhillon after blowing by the IceDogs' defence.
Philip scored the winner seconds later.
Special teams were key in the game, as the IceDogs converted three-of-four chances while the Generals were scoreless on five opportunities.
Kenny Huether opened the scoring for Oshawa 4:39 into the game and Allan McShane also scored in the first period, his first of the season to go with nine assists.
The IceDogs, who also scored twice in the first, took the 4-2 lead on a pair of power-play goals by Ben Jones 20 seconds apart midway through the second.
Domenico Commisso drew the Generals close just over a minute later and Kyle MacLean tied it in the final minute of the middle frame.
Gauthier stopped all 10 shots he faced in the third and 29 overall, while Dhillon made 22 saves for the IceDogs, who improved to 4-2-0-0.
North Korea said Thursday it released an American university student over “humanitarian” reasons in its first official comment since he was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma.
The state-run Korean Central News Agency said Otto Warmbier had been serving hard labor but did not comment on his medical condition or how the country negotiated his release with the United States.
(Yonhap)
“Warmbier, who had been (serving) in hard labor, was sent back home on June 13, 2017, on humanitarian grounds according to the adjudication made on the same day by the Central Court of the DPRK,” the agency said in an one-sentence report, referring to North Korea by its official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.The 22-year-old Warmbier, a University of Virginia undergraduate, was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea's Supreme Court in March 2016. He received 15 years in prison with hard labor for subversion after he tearfully confessed that he had tried to steal a propaganda banner.He was medically evacuated from North Korea and arrived in Cincinnati late Tuesday. His father, Fred Warmbier, told Fox News that his son was “terrorized and brutalized” and has been in a coma for more than a year.The US, South Korea and others often accuse North Korea of using foreign detainees to wrest diplomatic concessions. Three Americans remain in custody in North Korea over accusations including alleged hostile acts and spying. (AP)
DUBUQUE, Iowa (AP) - A 20-year-old man has pleaded not guilty to charges that he drove onto and damaged the Iowa baseball field made famous by the 1989 "Field of Dreams" movie.
The Telegraph Herald reports that Austin Pape, of Dyersville, entered a written plea before his arraignment scheduled for Monday in Dubuque. Investigators say Pape has acknowledged driving onto the field Jan. 22, and his attorney has said Pape will work with prosecutors on a resolution.
Court records say the owner estimated the damage at more than $5,500. The vehicle left deep gashes in the field and damaged sprinklers.
The field sits 2 miles (3 kilometers) outside Dyersville - 142 miles (228 kilometers) northeast of Des Moines. Thousands of people visit the property, running around the bases and walking to the surrounding cornfields.
Politico: “Since Republicans will control all the levers of power in Washington for the first time in almost a decade, they'll hit the ground running on some issues: Both chambers, for example, hope to pass a budget blueprint that makes a critical down payment on repealing Obamacare even before Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration.”
“But it won't take long for the inherent divide between Senate and House Republicans to rear its head. The House wants to pass a number of bills to scrap Obama-era rules and curb executive branch regulatory powers. But those will be a much heavier lift in the upper chamber.”
NFL ratings are up again! This time it was week 5's New England Patriots – Tampa Bay Buccaneers missed field goal-fest that resulted in a 26% ratings bump compared to last season's week 5 match-up between the Arizona Cardinals and San Francisco 49ers. (In addition to airing on CBS and the NFL Network, the Cardinals – 49ers game was streamed on Twitter.)
Last year the week 5 game featured two 1-3 teams and two back-up quarterbacks. Drew Stanton and Blaine Gabbert started the game and combined for 286 yards passing. Carson Palmer missed the game with a concussion. Gabbert lost his job after completing 18 of 31 passes for 162 yards, 1 touchdown and 2 interceptions in the loss.
To say the New England Patriots, Tom Brady and Jameis Winston was a bit of an upgrade would be an understatement. We'll just have to see if Nick Folk's missed field goals have an adverse affect on the rest of the week's ratings.
An appeal has been made for help to track down a Hungarian woman and her young son.
Police are trying to trace Barbara Bogdan, 20, originally from Hungary, and her 15-month-old boy Kevin.
They were last seen in Dewsbury on the morning of January 25, then in Wakefield later that day when they took the 12.42pm free bus from Pinderfields Hospital into the city.
Inspector Dorian James said: “We are urging anyone who knows Barbara Bogdan and her son who can help us to find her to please get in contact.
“She is not in any trouble with the police, but we just want to speak to her to make sure her and her son are okay.
“We understand she's had links to the Dewsbury Moor and Batley areas since coming to the UK and believe that she is still in the country.”
Anyone with information is asked to call West Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting log 1216 of January 26.
What is clear is that Vaughan is witnessing unprecedented violence that at least one expert links to illegal gambling.
Antonio Nicaso, author and professor, says the ‘'Ndrangheta, an organized crime group centred in Italy, has been buying up bars in Vaughan for this purpose.
He says 50 illegal gambling locations in Vaughan is a conservative estimate and their patrons are losing thousands and paying interest charges of up to 200 per cent per year.
“In Vaughan, this is a major issue. People are losing the shirts off their backs because of this kind of addiction,” he said. “It can be viewed as a victimless crime because the victim is willingly engaging. It's an epidemic, and not only in Vaughan. It's the new business for criminals.”
Ask Palazzo where he's been gambling for the past two decades and he can list a number of bars and cafés, many of which remain open for business in Vaughan. YorkRegion.com has decided not to publish the names of the locations.
He's also frequented at least two of the bars that have been the sites for some extreme violence in Woodbridge: Moka Café, where two people were killed and two others shot in June 2015; and Caffe Corretto, a bar that remained open after it was caught up in an RCMP gambling sweep in 2016 and was the site of an explosion in June.
Violence is not limited to these locations. At Club Cosenza, on Regina Road, high-stakes gambler Domenic Triumbari was gunned down in April 2017. Suspected mobster Carmine Verduci was murdered on Regina Road, in 2014. Illegal gambling at Baggio's Café, on Woodstream Boulevard, preceded a murder that same year. Three men were shot at Novantesimo Minuto Sports Bar, on Pine Valley, in June this year.
There have been negligible arrests in these cases and few charges related to any suspected organized crime events in Vaughan.
A promising life, wasted
Palazzo first started playing cards in high school. As his skills improved, he was asked by friends to start attending Woodbridge social clubs owned largely by relatives.
He never drank or did drugs; his two vices were smoking and gambling.
“When I was young, there were a dozen gambling spots in a 20-km radius from my house," he said. "It's a misconception people have that it's just a bunch of old men playing cards. That may be going on in the front room but, in the back room, people are playing high stakes card games between $20K and $40K.”
At 16, Palazzo was only spending about $100 in games, including rummi, briscola and bakarat.
But once he left school and began earning $40,000 a year working at a car dealership, the gambling increased and he was soon spending a couple of hundreds a week, then $100 a day.
"It was decision I made," he said. "Instead of going to the nightclub and spending $100, I spent it in the illegal gambling machines at the café."
Palazzo is conflicted about his friends' behaviour at this time.
"They were bringing me to these bars because they knew I had the bug in me," he said. "When I started going to a new place, I noticed I won a little bit of money, $600 or $700 ... I won two or three times, but always under $1,000 … A lot of the new guys would win. It seems like the owners had a plan."
Over time, he'd win a lot less often. Once in a while, he'd win a couple-hundred dollars, but usually he was losing.
“When I lost everything, I would have to wait another month to get paid.”
His complaints about the machines were placated by bar owners' denials: “What are you talking about? It paid out yesterday.” “They're not my machines,” a reference, Palazzo says, to the fact that often a third party owns the machines, collects money and repairs them when needed.
This, he said, is where organized crime comes in, putting owners in a position where they have no choice but to put them in their bars.
Although Palazzo was doing most of his gambling in one particular location, he was visiting numerous bars a month.
If he missed a day at his favourite haunt, he'd get at least five calls about it.
On Fridays, he'd leave work with his $2,000 paycheque and cash it, ready to gamble.
"You would gamble, socialize, play the machines and cards, they would make you food and espresso, always free; they would keep you wired on (the espresso)," he said.
When Palazzo was broke, the bar owner would offer a loan between $300 and $600 a day, but never more than $3,000 a week, he said, noting the debts were all neatly recorded in a ledger.
The more money he owed, the more calls he might get — rather than five, it would be 10.
“They would call you and you'd feel like you owed them something because I felt indebted to them, that's when the pressure would start," he said. "Their tone would change a bit; they would keep calling until you went. But not once did I leave with a win or money in my pocket. So I started frequenting other locations."
He said the other patrons were just like him, "working people," such as electricians, plumbers, real estate agents, all with one thing in common, a severe gambling problem.
"The common denominator was the gambling machines — everyone was hooked and they played them all the time," he said.
Now in his mid-20s, Palazzo was spending all his free time at the bar, spending $5,000 to $7,000 every couple of months at the machines, card tables and sports betting, on the now infamous Platinum Sports Book.
Despite the risks, he enlisted the services of bookies and loan sharks.
The structure, he said, looks like this: Bookies work inside the bars, and loan sharks, who are often friends with the owners, can be called in. Patrons must be introduced to a loan shark personally.
Before he knew it, he was $25,000 in debt.
When he couldn't pay the debt back, things became uncomfortable.
It started with phone calls: "You've got to get it." "I need it." “I can't wait any longer."
"This isn't a joke," Palazzo says one machine owner told him. "We need our f---ing money by the end of the week."
Although he protested, suggesting he deserved a break considering he'd spent more than $100,000 in that location, he was never cut any slack.
“They never gave me a penny off or a dollar discount.”
His father, an Italian immigrant who laboured much of his life in a factory, paid off the bar owner and a bookie for $45,000.
"I felt like s--t," he said. "But it got worse. The bookie introduced me to loan sharks, and within a year I owed $180,000 to a couple of different ones."
He borrowed from loan sharks to pay bookies and bar owners, always believing he could make the money back somehow.
Soon, loan sharks were charging him 10 per cent interest per month — the going rate on the street known as "juice" — which began at $5,000 but eventually sailed up to $20,000. That interest adds up to 120 per cent a year.
Palazzo said that when he didn't show up to the bar or answer his phone, employees of the bar would show up at his work.
“Hey, I haven't seen you in a while, let's go for a coffee,” he said he was told before being offered a ride back to the bar.
“It was like I had a monkey on my back. Every time I made some recovery, I would get calls or a visit, I couldn't shake it.”
Eventually, he paid up, scrounging thousands of dollars to pay off the loan sharks, borrowing $70,000 from his father, $40,000 from his girlfriend.
“My father, who saved his whole life, had to sell the family home because they couldn't afford to pay the mortgage — they paid my debts so many times.”
Palazzo got his act together, began attending Gamblers Anonymous, sought counselling and married his girlfriend.
After 2-1/2 years of recovery, he was making six figures and paying off his debts.
In 2012, his wife, then 33, was diagnosed with cancer.
“I fell into depression, I was on medication for it, I was taking her to chemotherapy, (my wife) lost all her hair, she almost died,” he said. “My emotions were up and down and I lost all control. I was in a really bad place.”
By the end of 2012, Palazzo relapsed and he went back to his old Woodbridge bar.
“I borrowed from someone at work, who offered to lend me money at 12 per cent juice per month, and I took from my credit cards,” he said.
Within a year, he was in debt again, owing $100,000 and $150,000.
Between 2012 and 2015, he dealt with five separate loan sharks, paying them about $12,000 “juice” per month.
“There was no solution, I couldn't go to the police, I was too scared, I was too scared to stop the payments. I was hiding the entire thing from my wife because I didn't want to disturb her recovery. I was stuck, I was living a lie.”
He was broke and “scavenging money” to pay what he calls the “criminal interest rate."
He said he was getting threats: “I will come to your house.” “You're a piece of s--t.” “You're garbage."
In 2013, his brother stepped in to pay about $250,000 of his debt.
He worked towards recovery, starting to pay his brother back and avoiding the negative influences in his life.
Stressed at work and embarrassed for the pain he'd caused his family, Palazzo was in a vulnerable place when, in February 2015, he began receiving calls from the owner of his old haunt, explaining he owned a new place.
“I felt like if I went by, he would stop calling,” he said, shaking his head at the logic.
At the bar, he saw familiar faces and eight machines; the man told him he could lend him a couple of hundred dollars if he needed a spot of cash.
“I told him I just stopped by to make him happy, but for a couple of days his words stuck in my head,” he said. “I just kept hoping for that big win to help my family who stretched the world to help me. This is where the addiction comes in.”
Palazzo, his wife now pregnant, returned to the bar.
“This time all hell broke loose,” he said.
The stakes were far higher at the new location — card games started at $1,000, often reaching $2,000 or $3,000 and going as high as $40,000, he said.
For every $10,000 he borrowed, he'd be charged $1,000 interest per month.
He was introduced to a man who would loan him up to $100,000 at a time.
With this new cash stream, Palazzo was losing between $30,000 and $60,000 a week.
“I was losing stupid money, everything was completely crazy, way out of control,” he said. “One day I walked in there and the loan shark said, ‘Come to the back.'”
Palazzo was told he needed to pay back $250,000 in the next 10 days.
Soon after, four people were shot, two killed, inside Moka Café.
“I was tremendously scared, I'm sh--ting my pants,” he said, explaining he'd now started receiving death threats. “I really thought my life was in jeopardy.”
He relented and paid $800,000, borrowing $500,000 from his brother and $300,000 from his father.
In October 2015, his child was born.
“My biggest fear was that people were going to go to my house and threaten my wife with my newborn daughter there,” he said. “I was having suicidal thoughts; I have never felt so alone in my life.”
He no longer cared much about whether he lived or died, he said.
Police operation begins … and ends
Palazzo said he met two RCMP investigators in the back of a van. The detectives knew the names he shared with them, he said, had photos of them in a binder. “We know what these guys are doing to you, they exploit people like you all the time,” they told him.
They asked if he'd wear a wire, but he refused out of fear for his life. The officers asked him to go to Vaughan division of York Regional Police.
Palazzo said he was hesitant because the last time he'd approached York police, an officer said, “Illegal gambling? Are you sure you want us involved?”
But he was assured by the RCMP that YRP would co-operate “under these circumstances.”
The next day, he told his story, which was recorded, to police, sharing the names of loan sharks and gambling establishments.
“For the first time in my adult life, I thought I was going to receive some help,” he said.
Palazzo said he was mistaken.
Although police installed security cameras at his home and asked that he turn in his cellphone, nothing happened.
Every time he asked if there'd been any arrests, he was told, “It's still under investigation.”
Although York police did not respond to any of Palazzo's allegations, they did say that gambling “spawns other crimes, in some instances, murder.”
“Police will attempt to locate and disrupt and gather intelligence,” the service said in an emailed statement, adding that perpetrators are often transient and can be difficult to locate. “Scope of gambling is hard to determine because it usually goes unreported. Police usually become aware of it when violence occurs.”
Turning up the heat
In the fall of 2016, Palazzo said the Moka Café loan shark was calling him repeatedly with threats: “We will be coming to your house today.” “Go kill yourself.” “Your life is over.”
“My marriage was almost completely dead, I was scraping bottom, always broke, I had zero self-esteem left, I was always confused and I lost even my dignity in the eyes of my wife, parents, brother, family.”
Despite this, Palazzo felt if he didn't stay in touch with the men who were threatening him, they would take action against him.
He relapsed and went back to gambling.
In January 2017, he began borrowing money again before he was called by a person he did not know asking him to meet at a coffee shop in Woodbridge.
“Shortly after we met in the parking lot, he sucker-punched me in the right ear,” he said, adding that the man said he wanted all the money in one week.
Palazzo said he reported the incident to York police, who parked three police cruisers in front of his house for four days. The man never called back.
He is now separated from his wife, but visits his daughter regularly. Palazzo lives with his parents and still receives threats against his life.
He admits that much of his troubles come down to his own behaviour.
“It's my fault. I have a gambling problem and I never invested 100 per cent of my ability in recovery,” he said. “I relapsed too many times, it was me who went back."
When asked why he doesn't just leave Vaughan, he said this is exactly what the York detectives asked him.
“I'm not ready to do that without telling my story, not with all the victims out here,” he said. “This is a public safety and public interest concern. I want the public to be well aware so this never happens to anyone else.”
For Palazzo, the battle against his addictions continues, saying he last gambled more than 100 days ago, at a registered casino, losing hundreds of dollars.
YORKSHIRE first-team coach Andrew Gale praised his team's character after they required just 42 balls on the final morning to complete an innings and 88 run victory over Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
The home side, trailing by 203 on first innings, resumed on 85-9 and last pair Jeetan Patel and Olly Hannon-Dalby took the score to 115 before the latter missed a forward push at Adil Rashid and was bowled.
Patel, who had just lifted Rashid straight for six, was left unbeaten on 49, having hit five fours and one six, while the continually-impressive young seamer Ben Coad ended with 5-50 to earn himself match figures of 10-102.
Yorkshire's resounding victory was an emphatic response to their surprise defeat to Hampshire in their opening game last week.
“It was a big week for us having played so well last week when we didn't get anything out of the game,” said Gale.
“I thought we showed a lot of character.
“After last week's game we spoke a lot about winning key passages of play. In the third innings we let Hampshire back in the game, but in this game we got an opportunity to get ourselves in front and get away from them and we took it.
“If I was being ultra-critical I would have liked one of our top six to go on and get a hundred after they all got starts.
“But, on the whole, winning those key sessions was the difference.”
Yorkshire's next Championship match is against Hampshire at the Ageas Bowl on Friday when they will have prized England duo Jonny Bairstow and Joe Root available.
Liam Plunketis expected to return to action for Yorkshire's Royal London Cup campaign later this month.
While there is good news there, captain Gary Ballance will continue to have to make do without three key bowlers, with seamers Jack Brooks, Liam Plunkett and Ryan Sidebottom still injured on the sidelines.
There had been hope that Plunkett and Sidebottom might be available for the trip to the south coast, but the rematch with Hampshire has come just too soon.
Brooks, on the other hand, was always going to be out injured for a longer period of time.
“Ryan and Liam are another week away,” said Gale.
I don't think we can afford to rush a guy who is nearly 40-years-old. If he breaks down, it could be the end of his career. We have to do what's right by him. Andrew Gale, on the fitness of Yorkshire bowler, Ryan Sidebottom
“Ryan was going to play in the second team this week, but it's come about that he's still not quite right.
“Liam is still feeling it a bit, so we can't risk him.
“Fingers crossed, he will be available for the 50-over stuff. I'm pretty sure he will be available for the first game of that (away to Nottinghamshire on April 29).”
After travelling to Hampshire, Yorkshire will then turn their attention to their final Championship game before the Royal London One-day Cup starts in earnest at Trent Bridge.
They then resume their four-day campaign against Lancashire at Emirates Old Trafford on May 19.
“The break will give Ryan a good block of training, so when he does come back he'll be ready to go,” added Gale.
“I don't think we can afford to rush a guy who is nearly 40 years old. If he breaks down, it could be the end of his career. We have to do what's right by him.”
Warwickshire, meanwhile, must dust themselves down from successive innings defeats from which they have taken just three points.
It has been a bracing start to the regime of sport director Ashley Giles and first-team coach Jim Troughton and one that has hurt a set of experienced players, which was viewed in some quarters as potential title-challengers.
The first two games have supplied a serious reality check, ahead of another tough fixture, at home to Surrey starting on Friday.
“The first two games have been really disappointing after such high hopes during the winter,” said Giles. “We've done a lot of good preparation, but just not put it into practice. It's certainly hit the dressing room hard, but all we can do is try to turn it around.”
Elsewhere, defending champions Middlesex started the defence of their Division One title with a hard-fought draw against Hampshire.
Both sides took 10 points from the Ageas Bowl, but the 2016 champions were staring down the barrel of a nail-biting conclusion when a three-wicket new-ball strike left them 215-7.
Had Hampshire rolled over the tail an achievable run chase would have been left, but tail-enders Toby Roland-Jones (25), Ollie Rayner (17no) and Tim Murtagh (19no) dug deep.
In the end the sides shook hands at 278-9 declared, Kyle Abbott's good form continuing as he claimed 5-59.
Chelsea have announced that captain John Terry will leave the club when his contract expires at the end of the season.
The 36-year-old has won 14 major honours at Stamford Bridge after making his first-team debut in 1998, having risen through the youth ranks.
Terry has been a bit-part player for the Blues this season, featuring in just five Premier League games for Antonio Conte's league leaders.
In a joint announcement with the club, former England captain Terry said he remains committed until his contract expires and insists he has no plans in place beyond that point.
"I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season," he said.
'After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club. From coaches, team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years, I can't thank you enough.
"There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks."
Terry has lifted four Premier League titles during his time in west London as well as five FA Cups and a hat-trick of League Cups.
He also won the Europa League under Rafael Benitez and lifted the Champions League trophy in 2012 despite being suspended for the final against Bayern Munich.
In announcing his decision to leave, Terry suggested he will one day return to Stamford Bridge.
"The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship, which will continue beyond my playing days," he added.
"We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it's the right time for me to leave.
"I've always been conscious that I depart at the right time, in the right way, and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I.
"I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me.
"I'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge. I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware."
Terry has not featured since a 2-0 FA Cup win over Wolves in February, with his last league appearance coming in November.
Other than a loan spell at Nottingham Forest, Terry has never turned out for another side and has racked up over 700 appearances at Chelsea.
He was named PFA Player of the Year in 2005 and collected 78 England caps before retiring from the international scene.
Dortmund rue missed chances in bitter Benfica defeat
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 04:16 IST
Football Soccer - Benfica v Borussia Dortmund - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 First Leg - Estadio da Luz, Portugal - 14/2/17 Borrusia Dortmund applaud fans after the game Reuters / Rafael Marchante Livepic
LISBON (Reuters) - Borussia Dortmund were left licking their wounds after wasting several chances in a frustrating 1-0 defeat at Benfica in their Champions League last 16, first leg clash on Tuesday.
The Germans misfired throughout the game with their top scorer, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, the worst offender, as he missed two one-on-ones with goalkeeper Ederson and saw his penalty saved by the Brazilian just before the hour.
Dortmund, who scored a Champions League record 21 goals in the group stage, have only themselves to blame for losing to Kostantinos Mitroglou's 48th minute goal but Andre Schuerrle said they would bounce back in the second leg on March 8.
"I think we played better, especially in the first half, we had the better opportunities," said Schuerrle, who came on for Aubameyang. "Especially with the penalty, we should have won.
"There is a return leg and we will show that we were clearly better then and go through. We were clear through on goal and things didn't work out. Such days happen," added the winger.
Aubameyang stepped up to take the 58th minute spot kick, having had an awful game up to that point, and sent his penalty straight at Ederson to cap a frustrating evening.
"Aubameyang is not fully fit after the African Nations Cup and his body language did not suggest that he would do better after giving away (missing) the penalty," Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said of the forward.
Aubameyang's country Gabon hosted the Jan 14-Feb. 5 Nations Cup finals but went out at the group stage.
"We played an outstanding game and conceded a goal with their first shot in the second half," added Tuchel. "We were so, so good. We cannot do much more than carve out these golden chances.
"It is an extremely complicated result, but I am very proud of how we played tonight. Even though I am very disappointed, I am proud of how we presented ourselves."
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Ken Ferris)
The Chicago Cubs announced their starting lineup for National League Division Series Game One against the Washington Nationals Friday.Hundreds are expected to descend onto the plaza just outside Wrigley Field Friday night for the Cubs' first ever playoff game watch party for fans."We're so excited to have them back. Playing last year was pretty magical, so we'll see," said Cubs fan Carol Costakis.But even though the game is in Washington, D.C. security around Wrigley will be tight.Fans rooting for the Cubbies will watch them by video board at the Park at Wrigley after passing through a security checkpoint. A spokesperson for the team said there will also be bag searches.The heightened concern over public safety and security comes in the wake of the Las Vegas mass shooting, which killed 58 and injured more than 500 concertgoers.The Chicago Police Department plans to deploy more officers over the weekend to assist with the event, city officials said.Despite the security challenge, Sports World Chicago owner Brad Rosen said he wasn't worried."We've been waiting all year, and we just can't wait for the playoffs to start again," Rosen said. "The energy in the neighborhood is exciting."The watch party is a ticketed event and will open about an hour before game time.First pitch for Friday's game will be thrown by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise at 6:38 p.m. in Washington, D.C.Saturday's game begins at 4:38 p.m., also in Washington.The series arrives at Wrigley for Monday's game, which begins at 3:08 p.m. or 4:38 p.m. if both ALDS series are complete. Tuesday's game starts at 3:08 p.m., also at Wrigley.If Game Five is necessary, it will be held in Washington on Thursday at 5:38 p.m.The Chicago Cubs announced their National League Division Series roster Friday morning.Pitchers on the roster are Carl Edwards Jr., Kyle Hendricks, Brian Duensing, Jon Lester, Justin Wilson, Mike Montgomery, John Lackey, Pedro Strop, Jake Arrieta, Jose Quintana, and Wade Davis.Infielders are Tommy La Stella, Ian Happ, Javier Baez, Kris Bryant, Ben Zobrist, Addison Russell, and Anthony Rizzo.Outfielders are Albert Almora Jr., Kyle Schwarber, Jason Heyward, Leonys Martin, and Jon Jay.Also on the roster are catchers Willson Contreras and Alex Avila.
The Bend City Council will meet this evening and look to bolster funding once again for snow removal if needed in the next couple of months. So far this winter the city road department has spent 672 thousand dollars to hire contractors to help in plowing city streets which is about 3 times more than what was budgeted. They are now asking for another 120 thousand should condition warrant.
Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni's defamation lawsuit against chat show host Wendy Williams has been dismissed.
The 44-year-old matriarch - whose real name is Shalana Jones-Hunter - had sued Wendy, 53, and the producers of 'The Wendy Williams Show' for $1 million with a handwritten lawsuit filed last October accusing Wendy and her producers of defamation, slander and harassment.
Tokyo accused Wendy of spreading lies about her being a "gold-digging stripper" and claimed the TV personality's actions had left her struggling to eat or sleep due to the stress caused by the "irrational and despicable" attacks.
She also alleged that Wendy's verbal assaults had caused problems in her relationship and cost her a job as a Uber/Lyft driver and the stress had resulted in health issues such as depression and high blood pressure and led to a hospitalisation in December.
Tokyo's original lawsuit had read: "I have never been so humiliated and shamed in my entire life. I am a humanitarian!"
According to website The Blast, the judge presiding over the lawsuit dismissed the entire case on 10 April after growing frustrated with Tokyo's lack of proof that she had served Wendy with the correct papers. Back in February the judge had told Tokyo he required the proof in the case was to proceed.
At the most recent hearing, Tokyo did not show up to court to seek an extension or show she attempted to serve Wendy which left the judge with no option other than to end proceedings.
Blac Chyna has also had her issues with Wendy and back in November 2016 she took to her Instagram account to tell American TV staple exactly what she thought of her in the wake of an on-air critique of the beauty's relationship with now ex-fiancÃ© Rob Kardashian.
Chyna - who now has a 17-month-old daughter Dream with Rob - posted: "Wendy... Wendy... Wendy... you lost your motherf****n mind h*e? How dare you speak on me, my fiancÃ©, and my mom like you were at the Christmas table with us?! I find it so funny how you love to talk about Rob and his insecurities like at a point in time you wasn't a fat 400 pound ass bitch on the radio ... Then let's not talk about this Lil vendetta you have with my mom. Wendy Bitch you're cruisin' Honestly, truly.. You go out there talking about my family like you just hit the pipe backstage! When I decided to do this show I knew I would be letting the world see us. But your horse face ass woke up on the wrong side of the stable and decide to go overboard with your comments. Bitch f**k you ! "P" body ass h*e @wendyshow @wendyshow @wendyshow [sic]"
Aaron Carter has left rehab.
The 29-year-old singer checked into a treatment centre to "improve his health and work on his overall wellness" just two weeks ago, but after some unspecified "legal and personal matters" cropped up, he has decided to return home but remains "committed to his wellness".
His representative, Steve Honig, told The Blast: "Aaron has left the facility where he has been working on his wellness. Several legal and personal matters arose that required his immediate and in-person attention.
"He is still very much committed to his wellness and will be continually working toward being the best person possible."
Aaron's representatives announced on September 22 he had checked into rehab.
They said in a statement "Aaron has decided to enter a facility to improve his health and work on his overall wellness. He is going to do this privately and focus all his attention on being the best person and performer possible. He is grateful for the support and love from his fans and looks forward to coming back stronger than ever before."
His decision came after the 'I Want Candy' hitmaker admitted he is "concerned" about his health.
He explained: "I'm concerned about my overall health because people tell me I look like I have AIDs or I look like I have cancer or I look like I'm dying."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mistakes on Twitter can't be corrected right now, but thanks to a new editing feature, that may be about to change.
Twitter chief executive Jack Dorsey took to his own social media platform last week to ask users what features they most wanted to see added.
At the top of the list was editing tweets, and his response revealed that the company is "thinking a lot about it" right now.
The responses were followed up with specific questioning by Dorsey suggesting the finer points on this feature are already being considered.
Dorsey asked several users: "Is it more important to edit for spelling/corrections? 5-minute window to edit mistakes or do you need to be able to edit anytime?"
Twitter, until now, has not offered an edit button. One reason is to ensure tweets that are embedded on websites aren't changed at a later date, as they are public records.
The compromise appears to be found by allowing only a short period of time for edits, to ensure the tweet remains the same in the long-run.
Also being considered for Twitter are bookmarks, better conversation threading, enhanced safety and reporting options for bullying, plus multiple Timelines based on personal interests.
This follows the recent announcement that Twitter has added live 360-degree video . You can now view videos recorded in 360-degrees for a virtual reality style perspective on what's been recorded.
These videos are marked with a "LIVE 360" badge meaning you can swipe or move your phone to look around while watching live.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle is still yet to commit her future to TV drama Suits, fuelling speculation she is preparing a permanent move to London to be with Prince Harry .
The actress is yet to sign on the dotted line to continue her stint as lawyer Rachel Zane in the hit USA show.
Her hesitance to commit to a longer term future in Canada could be the surest sign yet that she and Harry, 33, are on course to wed.
Meghan, 36, has starred in seven series of the show but pals reportedly say it's increasingly likely she won't return next year.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Roland Leon/Daily Mirror)
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: WENN.com)
A source told The Sun : "Meghan loved playing Rachel and feels she owes so much to Suits.
"But Harry can't move to Toronto, so she'll have to move eventually if they want to be together."
Kensington Palace and NBC Universal have yet to comment.
The news came just months after Meghan cancelled her longstanding 'VIP' contract with Audi North America several months early.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: Sunday Mirror)
(Image: Getty)
Meghan currently lives in Toronto where she films the legal drama Suits.
But she is believed to have returned her £40,000 Audi Q5 as she plans to spend more time in the UK from November, according to the Daily Mail .
Meghan is said to have committed to the USA Network show until Christmas but it is unclear what her plans are after that, the newspaper reported.
(Image: Instagram/meghanmarkle)
Speculation is rife that Harry is planning to pop the question to the American divorcee after the couple enjoyed a three-week romantic African getaway.
Meghan recently confirmed the relationship, telling Vanity Fair she and the prince are "in love" and "really happy".
Admitting that she refers to Harry as her "boyfriend", the actress gushed over her new man and said: "We're a couple. We're in love."
(Image: Instagram/meghanmarkle)
She went on: "I'm sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time. This is for us.
"It's part of what makes it so special, that it's just ours. But we're happy. Personally, I love a great love story."
The pair have been officially dating since last October and are thought to have started seeing each other in June 2016.
It comes as Meghan's brother likened the potential nuptials to the Simpsons marrying into the Royal family.
Thomas Markle Jr said his relatives were a mix of characters from some of America's most famous TV shows including the uncouth sitcom Married with Children.
(Image: Instagram/meghanmarkle)
The 51-year-old - whose is the half-brother of Meghan, said: “I would describe my extended family like a cross between Married with Children And Dexter. Like the Dukes of Hazard and the Simpsons versus the Royal family.”
Dexter is a US crime series that followed a forensic technician specialising in blood spatter pattern analysis at murder scenes.
Meghan, who is 15 years younger than Thomas Jr, is the product of his father Thomas Sr's second marriage to yoga teacher Doria Radlan, 60.
Thomas also revealed he had offered to arrange Prince Harry's stag do but “hadn't heard back yet.”
(Image: PA)
He explained his invitation had come after telling how he had beaten the fifth in line to the throne to proposing.
Markle popped the question to his girlfriend Darlene Blount, 36, who he had previously been accused of holding a gun to her head.
He was booked in January on one felony count of unlawful use of a dangerous weapon and two misdemeanours - menacing and pointing a firearm at another person.
(Image: Getty)
He said: “I did get into to some trouble. It was a domestic altercation. The case was even dropped before it went to court. Darlene and I have always loved each other.
“Darlene and I were actually made for each other so on her birthday we actually got engaged.
“I hope Prince Harry comes to my wedding and I do want Prince Harry to come to my bachelor party.
"I offered to throw him a really good one but I haven't heard back yet," he added to Daily Mail TV.
(Image: PA)
Markle, of Grants Pass, Oregon, spoke of his immense pride at being related to the actress, saying she was always destined for success from a very early age.
He added: “Being her older brother brought a sense of responsibility. It was nice having Meghan around.
“She brought a lot go joy to our family and being that she brought is closer together. I do have a sense of pride in Meghan being successful.
“It was just obvious from day one she was destined to be somewhere really big. She is not necessarily a princess but she has carried herself on that level from day one.”
(Image: WireImage)
While speaking about his life with Meghan, Markle also hit out at his other sister, Samantha, who is writing a tell-all book about growing up with the actress in a bi-racial family.
Meghan's father is white, while her mother is black.
Previously Samantha lashed out at her famous half-sister after her romance with Prince Harry was revealed.
She said Meghan had always fancied the royal because she was ambitious to become a princess - and had a “soft spot for gingers”.
After a close relationship growing up, the two half-sisters drifted apart but always stayed in contact.
Samantha has barely spoken to her sister since she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2008.
(Image: Getty)
She said: “I didn't feel a separation from her until I was in the wheelchair."
She said the more high-profile Meghan became, the less she mentioned her.
She then accused the actress of giving her family a lack of emotional and financial support when she became famous.
This, she claims, would "destroy" her relationship with the Prince.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Hitting back Markle said of Samantha: “She is obviously doing this for her little like flash in the pan fame,” he said.
He then criticised his 52-year-old, of Florida, claiming she had been racist to Harry's potential mother-in-law, Doria.
He said: “Telling the whole world about her pushy princess sister which is just horrible and not even true.
“She was telling her friends and other people that Doria was the maid.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The owner of a Bearpit café says she has been left shaken after being attacked at work less than a week after issuing a public cry for help.
Miriam Delogu, who owns Bearpit Social Café, was assaulted by a homeless man on Thursday morning, February 1.
The 30-year-old had not long opened up when the man attacked her and smashed items in her cafe around 7.20am.
Miriam said she suffered a panic attack following the incident and is now questioning her long-term commitment to the Bearpit, less than a week after issuing a public plea for support in dealing with the area's prolific crime, drug abuse and vandalism.
(Image: Dan Regan)
“I should be standing behind my counter right now,” she said, a day after the alleged attack.
“Woke up as I always do at 6am but I've been here feeling paralysed. I have no physical bruises, yesterday's event broke me.
“My mind went to some really dark places. I experienced a panic attack. I couldn't breathe for an hour.
“I feel like he broke me. Like he took my light. His hatred and anger in his eyes, I can still see them when my eyes close.
(Image: Dan Regan)
“I feel I'm letting my team down not being strong enough to keep going. I feel like I'm letting the public down for wanting to close - but I just can't do this.”
Miriam claimed her attacker, David Broomfield, accused her and her colleagues of being part of a corporation “that does nothing” for the Bearpit community.
The 29-year-old, of no fixed address, was later arrested and charged with common assault, criminal damage and defecating inside the walls of his prison cell.
He pleaded guilty to all three offences at Bristol Magistrates' Court today (February 2).
(Image: Dan Regan)
During the hearing, it emerged Broomfield had approached Miriam while she was working and asked if he could use the cafe WiFi - to which Miriam agreed.
When she found him a short while later drinking, she told him she did not mind him staying to use the Internet but he could not drink there.
The prosecution said Broomfield reacted angrily to this, calling Miriam “part of the problem, not the solution” and saying she did “nothing for the community”.
When asked to leave the premises, the defendant twice swung an open palm at Miriam but stopped short of making contact with her face.
In response to the arrival of police officers, Broomfield pushed some glass jars off the café counter – causing around £20 worth of damage – before leaving in the direction of Stokes Croft.
(Image: Dan Regan)
He later returned to the Bearpit and was arrested before being transported to Patchway Police Centre where he stripped down to his socks and smeared poo on the walls of his cell.
Magistrates handed the homeless man a 12-month community order and told him to complete 150 hours of unpaid work.
The 29-year-old was also made the subject of a restraining order lasting 12 months, banning him from visiting the Bearpit or contacting Miriam, and ordered to pay compensation for the 'mess' he caused while in his cell.
Miriam has operated within the Bearpit since 2013, continuing to serve coffee and food from her cafe despite being the victim of personal abuse and attacks.
(Image: Dan Regan)
Last week, she was joined by fellow Bearritos owner Simon Green in issuing a public appeal for support.
The two business owners said life inside the Bearpit was the “worst it has ever been”, comparing it to a “lawless no man's land” where crime, anti-social behaviour and vandalism appears to be on the rise.
Their cry for help triggered a response from Avon and Somerset Police Inspector Martin Rowland, who said plans were in place to introduce high visibility patrols in the area, and from Bristol City Council.
The attack - which was reported to the police - has since prompted an outpouring of concern from Miriam's customers, fellow businesses and even Bristol West MP Thangam Debbonaire.
Drinkers at The Ploughman pub have once again dug deep to help raise another £3,000 for a Peterborough special school.
The money was presented to Heltwate School in Bretton - a cause close to the hearts of Andy and Stuart Simmonds at the community-focused Werrington Centre pub.
Becketts Close residents Cynthia Harradine, Vera Kew, John Morton and Doris Cox with CKHs Director of
There is fundraising all year round at the pub with darts, crib and football teams all donating to the Kelly Simmonds Fund, which the brothers set up in memory of their sister who died four years ago.
Kellie had attended Heltwate - a special school offering education for 5-19 year olds with moderate to severe learning difficulties.
And the visit to present the cheque was a special moment for Andy.
“It is always great to visit the school,” he said. “I went to the Remembrance Garden where there is a little cross and a butterfly for my sister, which was really touching.”
The donation meant the fund has now presented £9,00o to the school in the last four years.
But, the giving doesn't end there. In July the fund gave £3,100 to Halle's Wish after a successful summer beer festival at the pub.
The money will be used to help four-year-old Newborough girl Halle Heriot, who has cerebral palsy and bilateral spastic diplegia and recently underwent surgery at Great Ormond Street Hospital.
“All the money we raise in the pub, through raffles or football cards run by the various teams here, goes into the Kelly Simmonds Fund and we make donations to causes that need support in the community,” said Andy.
“And it all comes from local people who come into the pub and share our desire to help the wider community.”
Next up at the end of November, is a fundraising Winter Beer Festival which will mean a donation to the Mayor of Peterborough's Charities.
Gayle Conway-funded PAC slams SF mayor candidate Kim for Mirkarimi vote
Photo: Catherine Bigelow / Special To The Chronicle Gayle Conway and her husband, angel investor Ron Conway.
A vote that Supervisor Jane Kim made six years ago has resurfaced in the mayor's race as grist for a new attack ad that will start airing Wednesday.
The ad by an independent expenditure committee called San Franciscans Against Domestic Violence chastises Kim for joining three other progressives to reinstate Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi after he was convicted of misdemeanor false imprisonment.
Mirkarimi allegedly bruised his wife during a heated argument.
“It's still very relevant,” said Andrea Shorter, the former president of San Francisco's Commission on the Status of Women, who is featured in the anti-Kim ad. It was funded by Gayle Conway, the wife of angel investor Ron Conway. She chipped in $200,000 to start the committee. Her husband is widely seen as a patron of Supervisor London Breed, one of Kim's opponents.
Conway said Tuesday that she was “deeply offended” by the 2012 vote.
“And while some have forgotten that she betrayed survivors of domestic abuse and sided with the abuser, I and many other women have not.”
This isn't the first time Conway has funded an effort to punish a candidate for the Mirkarimi vote. She also contributed $49,000 to a committee that went after Christina Olague, an appointee of former Mayor Lee whom Breed defeated for District Five supervisors in 2012. Shorter helped run that committee as well.
Shorter is also the chairwoman of It's Our Time, another independent expenditure committee backing Breed.
Conway's husband, Ron, has brought the Mirkarimi vote into other political campaigns. He donated $85,000 to defeat David Campos, another Mirkarimi supporter, in his unsuccessful 2014 bid for state Assembly. And he poured $200,000 into a committee to trounce Kim in the 2016 state Senate race, which she lost to Scott Wiener.
In response to the video, Kim's campaign spokeswoman, Julie Edwards, shot back at the Conways.
“Jane Kim will stand up to Donald Trump. She will stand up to Ron Conway. And she will take this city back for the people who are sick and tired of letting billionaires run our government,” Edwards said.
— Rachel Swan
Email: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com, rswan@sfinsider.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider @rachelswan
Guardiola warns Manchester City midfielders over rotation
Pep Guardiola boasts an embarrassment of creative midfield riches at Manchester City and has urged his benched stars to be patient.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 03:00 IST
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola
Manchester City's midfielders must accept rotation this season as Pep Guardiola picks through an enviable raft of alternatives in central areas.
David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne reprised their dual playmaking roles of last season and combined to set up Sergio Aguero's opener as City began their Premier League campaign with a 2-0 win at Brighton and Hove Albion on Saturday.
Fernandinho undertook the holding role, with Yaya Toure, Raheem Sterling, Leroy Sané and new signing Bernardo Silva all stationed on the bench at the Amex Stadium.
Guardiola believes the players at his disposal will help City achieve his desired playing style and bounce back from a trophyless return last time around but warned the array of international stars that patience will be required.
"If they are not a little bit generous and a little bit kind it will be difficult. There are a lot of games and everybody is going to play," he told reporters.
"If you want to play in a certain way that I like, to monopolise the ball, you need talent and we've got it. Our midfield position is really good.
"Yaya, for example didn't play because of Fernandinho but [Ilkay] Gundogan is coming back soon, with Kevin, with Silva, with Bernardo; Rash can play in that position, Phil Foden played outstanding in the pre-season.
"All of them have a lot of quality. When a player has the ball and doesn't lose the ball I love that. They keep it well and all of them are going to play.
"Last season I rotated the team a lot and this season it's going to happen again. After that it depends on them, whether they accept my decisions or not.
"If they don't accept it will be their problem, not mine."
One man Guardiola conceded was unfortunate to miss out on the opening weekend was England winger Sterling.
"In the line-up he deserved to play," the former Barcelona boss said, having introduced the 22-year-old as a replacement for Gabriel Jesus. "He played awesome in there.
"I would like to be generous to the guys who train good but he knows that is just the first game and there are a lot of games.
"He has the quality to help us a lot in the small spaces and he has the quality to attack central defenders one-against-one, creating chances for the other ones. He will be so important for us."
Even as Guardiola's rotation gets into full swing, with Everton next on the agenda in the Premier League, it seems unlikely David Silva will spend too much time out of City's starting XI.
The Spain playmaker fulfilled his customary role as the team's creative fulcrum at Brighton, as he has since joining from Valencia in 2010.
"He's a guy who likes to play, he is not afraid," Guardiola added. "He has courage, especially in the bad moments, to ask for the ball and play and play and play.
"I love to see the players when the situation is uncomfortable. But we depend on everybody, not just David alone."
Police Pull Over Driver Who Has Fake Homer Simpson License
During a traffic stop in England, the driver was charged and his car seized. His license had a photo of the TV character on it. The driver also gave the wrong address and didn't have insurance.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
Good morning. I'm David Greene. We often tell you here about some weird or shocking story. I'm always tempted to say...
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "THE SIMPSONS")
DAN CASTELLANETA: (As Homer Simpson) D'oh.
GREENE: Cliche, right? Well, not this time. During a traffic stop in England, a driver handed over a license with the name Homer Simpson and a photo of the character. He was charged. His car was seized. His worst offense, though? Giving the wrong address. Someone tweeted, everyone knows Homer lives at 742 Evergreen Terrace, amateur.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "THE SIMPSONS")
CASTELLANETA: (As Homer Simpson) D'oh.
GREENE: It's MORNING EDITION.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
In back-to-back weeks, sports fans will be treated to two of the best events of the year: the Olympics and the Super Bowl. If given the opportunity to attend either one, people would be confronted with a choice that would make Sophie blush. The Olympics is a once-in-a-lifetime event that exposes fans to people and cultures all over the world. But the Super Bowl is one of the most watched events in the world. Being there live would be a spectacle. Which would you choose?
PERSPECTIVES
Every two years, the world unites at the Olympics, putting aside political rivalries to compete as equals in sports. Most of the world's countries are represented at the event, mixing a potent cocktail of culture and athletics. Who wouldn't want to be a part of that? Going to the Olympics means being part of sports history -- watching four years of preparation come down to a single moment. And although these are the greatest athletes in the world, there is unreal sportsmanship that is shown by all the participants to uphold the Olympic spirit. Plus, the events run for two weeks, more bang for your buck if you're a real sports fan. If you get a ticket to anything, it better be the Olympics.
The Olympics may happen less often, but the Super Bowl is still the greatest spectacle every year. It is the most watched event in the United States, regularly breaking audience numbers. Wouldn't it be cool to be a part of that up close? Watching the players is great, but you are also in the presence of celebrities and treated to a live concert. The Super Bowl has been the venue for some of the greatest sports moments ever. Being there to see the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat would be a no-brainer. And you only have to be there for one day instead of wasting your time with a two-week marathon sporting event. The Super Bowl is the way to go.
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
Kim In-ryong (AP-Yonhap)
North Korea's deputy UN ambassador accused the United States on Monday of turning the Korean Peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”Kim In-ryong told a news conference that “if the US dares opt for a military action,” North Korea “is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the US.”He said the Trump administration's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again “proves the US reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario.”Kim stressed that US-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill” aimed at his country, formally the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.“The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot,” he said.Tensions have escalated over North Korean moves to accelerate its weapons development. The North conducted two nuclear tests and 24 ballistic missile tests last year, defying six Security Council sanctions resolutions banning any testing, and it has conducted additional missile tests this year including one this past weekend that failed.Kim spoke on a day that US Vice President Mike Pence traveled to the tense zone dividing North and South Korea and warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the US and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patience is over.”After 25 years of trying to deal patiently with North Korea over its nuclear program, Pence said, “all options are on the table” to deal with threat. And he warned that any use of nuclear weapons by Pyongyang would be met with “an overwhelming and effective response.”Kim said the Trump administration is “trumpeting about `peace by strength'” by deploying “one strategic striking means after another in South Korea.” But he said the “the DPRK remains unfazed.”Kim said the DPRK's policy is shaped by the Trump administration's push for “high intensity sanctions” against the country, deploying tactical nuclear weapons in South Korea and launching military action aimed at “beheading” the North's leadership headed by Kim Jong-un.He said rolling back the hostile US policy toward the DPRK “is the precondition to solving all the problems in the Korean Peninsula.”Kim called the press conference to “categorically reject” the US decision to hold an open meeting of the Security Council on April 28 on North Korea's nuclear program which is scheduled to be chaired by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.He called it “another abuse of authority” by the United States, which holds the Security Council presidency this month, and a violation of the DPRK's sovereignty.Kim ignored questions about the DPRK's relationship with China and reports that the government didn't respond to requests from Chinese officials for a meeting.Instead he reiterated two Chinese proposals that the US rejected.One called for “dual-track” talks on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula _ the top priority of the United States _ and replacing the armistice that ended the 1950-53 Korean War with a formal peace treaty, a key demand of Pyongyang. The other called for a freeze on US-South Korean military exercises and a freeze on DPRK missile and nuclear tests. (AP)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sub zero temperatures and snowfall has left many roads like ice rinks.
But one teenager from south Belfast has been showing off her novel solution to getting around - with a pair of skates.
Lucy Donaldson, 15, was sliding all over the place as she played with friends so decided to go and get her ice skates.
And the Belfast Giants fan managed to get the whole length of Minnowburn Drive with her blades, and wearing a onesie, without hitting tarmac, reports Belfast Live.
She said: “I was in the street with my shoes on and keep falling so decided to see of our ice skates would work. My dad told me I'd break my neck but I tried it anyway and it worked great.”
(Image: Belfast Live)
(Image: Belfast Live)
(Image: Belfast Live)
Millions face treacherous journeys into work today after yesterday's weather 'snow bomb' which which plunged the UK's roads, railways and airports into chaos.
Many schools have been shut as yesterday's snow turns into ice amid warnings of 'Blakc Monday' and fresh travel mayhem.
Dozens of flights have been cancelled at Heathrow Airport and passengers travelling to Britain on the Eurotunnel face a five-hour delay in Calais.
Forecasters tipped temperatures to plummet to -12C in some areas of the country tonight, which will be colder than Russia, which will lead to widespread frost tomorrow.
BRUNSWICK, Ga. (AP) – Police say a man was found slain inside a home he was renovating in coastal Georgia.
Media sources report Antoni Zalewski's body was discovered after a concerned citizen called police to request a safety check at a house he was in the process of remodeling.
Glynn County police Sgt. Brian Scott said Zalewski had been giving away or selling fixtures and other materials he was removing from the home. Scott says police want to talk with anyone who made transactions with Zalewski before he was found dead Friday night.
County property records show the home was purchased for $51,000 in September by a company based in Chicago.
Police have not announced any arrests in the case.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gasheads have taken to social media to celebrate their latest piece of transfer news, while Portsmouth fans are less than happy.
This morning Bristol Rovers announced the signing of winger Kyle Bennett, who joins as a free agent having been released by Portsmouth yesterday evening.
Bennett, 27, has become the second new face at the Memorial Stadium today following the signing of experienced defender Tony Criag who has also joined the Gas as a free agent having been released by Millwall yesterday as well.
Here are what the relieved fans had to say about the latest signing:
After a quiet transfer deadline day yesterday which saw Rovers sign no one, and had fans in a temporary meltdown, the late news that manager Darrell Clarke had secured two free agents has left Gasheads very happy with their work in the January window.
LIFE&STYLE
Hats from 19th-century Korea. From left: gunryebokdagi, a hat worn by a soldier dealing with prisoners; jinhyeongwang, worn by musicians, and songnak, worn by Buddhist monks. (National Research Institute of Cultural Heritage)
When German merchant H.C. Eduard Meyer (1841-1926) was appointed an honorary consul to Joseon in the late 19th century, the country's various hats were what fascinated him the most.According to the National Research Institute of Cultural Heritage, the German thought that Joseon (1392-1910) was the only country in the world that showed an individual's social class via hats. Meyer went on to collect an array of hats along with numerous items of the time.The two recent reports by the NRICH detail the institute's research on some 3,000 objects currently kept at the Museum fur Kunst und Gewerbe Hamburg and Museum fur Volkerkunde Hamburg, including Meyer's hat collection. The two museums obtained the said items via donations by Meyer and other individuals in addition to their own efforts to unearth such relics.As Meyer had believed, Joseon was a kingdom in which one's hat was directly related to one's class. Gat, for example existed in various sizes and shapes, indicating the social status of the wearer.In August, a local gallery claimed to have discovered a never-before-seen portrait of Empress Myeongseong, whose authenticity came under dispute. Those who claimed the portrait was genuine pointed out that the hat worn in the portrait was not worn by commoners of the time.The German museums' collection include gat worn by musicians, Buddhist monks and what is now roughly relevant to military police. Among other items in the collection are armors -- which also indicate the social class of the owner -- maps and fabrics of the time.The NRICH's reports wrap up the decades-long project by the NRICH to survey Korean heritage found outside the country. A total of 36 reports have been produced.The reports are available at http://portal.nrich.go.kr in pdf form.By Yoon Min-sik(minsikyoon@heraldcorp.com)
With the snow falling down all across Northern BC today, travel along the major highways won t be a treat this weekend.
A snowfall warning has been issued for Highway 97 along the Pine Pass with 20 centimetres expected.
Visibility may be reduced at times in heavy snow and surfaces like the highways, sidewalks, and parking will be difficult to navigate.
A snowfall warning on Highway 16 between Smithers and Terrace has also been issued.
About 25 to 30 centimetres is expected fall by tonight.
For the latest road conditions, head to Drive BC.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager has been jailed after he 'used a car as a weapon' and drove it into his girlfriend's ex-partner .
Nathan Cardy, 19, was locked up by a judge who told him that the public would be “aghast” if he passed any other sentence than immediate custody .
Cardy - who has never passed a driving test - was at the wheel of his girlfriend's Toyota Aygo on the afternoon of Christmas Eve last year, Swansea Crown Court heard.
As he negotiated the mini roundabout outside Neath fire station in Cimla he saw his partner's ex-boyfriend walking with another man along the pavement on nearly Cae Rhys Ddu, Wales Online reported .
(Photo: Google)
Craig Jones, prosecuting, said Cardy caused the car to “rev aggressively” and accelerate towards the pedestrians before it “swerved violently” and mounted the pavement.
The court heard the two pedestrians leapt out of the way of the car as it came towards them - one jumped clear, but the victim was caught on the leg by the front nearside of the car.
Cardy then drove off.
The barrister said police were soon on the scene, and while the victim was in the back of the patrol car giving officers his statement he saw the Aygo returning to the area. Police went after the car, but could not find it.
The victim suffered pain in his leg, arm and hand but did not require medical treatment.
Cardy, of Neath Road, Briton Ferry , had previously pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, to driving without a licence or insurance and to failing to stop when he appeared in the dock for sentencing.
The court heard that at the time of the offence he was subject to both a suspended prison sentence - imposed for punching a partner in the face - and to a community order imposed for throwing a brick through a car window.
A probation report into Cardy concluded he has a “low level of maturity” and acts “impulsively”.
Dean Pulling, for Cardy, said his client had told him he had intended to “scare” his girlfriend's ex rather than to cause him harm. The barrister described the defendant as an “unsophisticated young man” who acknowledged he had a lot of growing up to do.
(Photo: Western Mail)
Judge Geraint Walters described Cardy's behaviour as “outrageous”, and said what he had done had been hugely dangerous.
He told the defendant: “This was not an accident - this was as deliberate and deliberate can be. You quite purposely used that vehicle as a weapon - but for the fact they jumped out of the way, the chances are they could have been seriously injured.”
For dangerous driving the judge sentenced Cardy to eight months in a young offenders institution, and banned him from driving for two years.
He also activated two months of the previously imposed suspended prison sentence to run at the same time as the new sentence, and revoked the outstanding community order.
No separate penalties were imposed for the other matters.
The judge added: “I am wholly convinced that any right-thinking member of the public would be aghast at a judge who thought this could be dealt with by anything other than immediate prison.”
Racecourse officials are banking on the forecast of milder weather in midweek releasing the country from the grip of Arctic conditions that are currently disrupting the racing programme.
Doncaster, where racing is scheduled for Friday and Saturday, has only a fraction of the snow that has hit the Cotswolds.
Clan Des Obeaux
Roderick Duncan, clerk of the course at the South Yorkshire track, is very hopeful they will be able to race.
“At the moment, the forecast indicates it's going to improve with temperatures rising from Wednesday onwards,” he said.
“We are monitoring the forecast and will take what action we feel we need to from then on.
“We have very little snow at the moment, we are just at freezing.
“With the forecast as it is now we are very optimistic.
“We will make a decision about what precautions we need to take.”
Cheltenham, which stages the Caspian Caviar Gold Cup on Saturday as the highlight of its two-day meeting, was covered in snow yesterday but the weather forecast gives plenty of hope it will clear from tomorrow. The thaw should continue on Thursday, before colder weather returns on Friday.
“I'm changing the ground too good to soft, soft in places and there's about 30 millimetres of snow sitting on the top,” said clerk of the course Simon Claisse.
“We expect the milder weather to shift the snow on Wednesday/Thursday, with a bit more rain and getting cold again at the end of the week.
“Saturday morning will be extremely cold with Friday morning zero to minus 1C.
“We've currently got soft covers down on the vulnerable areas and we're on ground we've not raced on since April. We may need to consider frost covers again for Friday night.”
While Monday's jumps meeting at Fontwell and Southwell's Flat all-weather card survived the cold blitz, the National Hunt fixtures at Uttoxeter today has been abandoned after the Staffordshire track was left with a three-inch carpet of snow. The situation looks precarious at Ayr as its card today is subject to a 9am precautionary inspection.
Temperatures dropped to minus 6C within the last 24 hours, but the track is covered by fleece sheets to protect against frost.
Cold weather is likely to be prevalent over the next few days, with a forecast low of minus 5C on Monday.
Tomorrow's jumps meetings at Hexham and Leicester are in doubt, too, with both racecourses having called 7.30am inspections this morning.
Warwick's jumps meeting on Thursday must also pass an 8am course inspection tomorrow morning.
Clan Des Obeaux heads the weights for the Caspian Caviar Gold Cup after 17 horses remained in Saturday's Cheltenham feature following the confirmation stage.
The Paul Nicholls-trained five-year-old steps into handicap company after staying on well to land a graduation chase at Haydock last month.
Nicholls has also left in Le Prezien and Romain De Senam as he looks to win this valuable contest for a fifth time since 2009. They were third and fifth respectively in last month's BetVictor Gold Cup behind Splash Of Ginge.
The latter could try to follow up that victory. His trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies also has Foxtail Hill, while David Pipe's Starchitect, who was only a beaten neck in second place, could reoppose. Vaniteux is a second possible for the Pipe team.
Nicky Henderson is two-handed with O O Seven and Kilcrea Vale – as is Evan Williams, who has King's Odyssey and On Tour.
Dan Skelton's Summer Plate winner Long House Hall, Harry Fry's Kylemore Lough and Ballyalton from Ian Williams' stable are also in the mix.
[Nirmal Ghosh] There's still room for diplomacy
Despite fears of a showdown between the United States and North Korea, analysts by and large believe that, barring accidents, saber-rattling will yield to pragmatism.
They note that pre-emptive strikes by the US or North Korea could be catastrophic. Seoul, which has about 10 million residents, could be wiped out in the event of war.
Ash Carter, a former US defense secretary, warned that a pre-emptive strike by the US on North Korea's nuclear weapons facilities could trigger an invasion of South Korea.
“I am confident of the outcome of that war, which would be the defeat of North Korea,” Carter told ABC News last Sunday, but added that “even though the outcome is certain, it is a very destructive war.”
Korean studies experts maintain that there remains room for a diplomatic way out of a showdown, most likely through the increased use of economic sanctions to put pressure on North Korea.
US President Donald Trump's bellicose rhetoric and the dispatch of a carrier-based strike group to the Pacific may have the effect of pressuring Beijing to try harder to rein in Pyongyang.
On Wednesday, Chinese President Xi Jinping told Trump that Beijing was willing to work with Washington on the North Korean nuclear issue, Chinese broadcaster CCTV reported.
Professor Inderjeet Parmar of City, University of London, an expert on US foreign policy, told the Straits Times, “There are levers China could use, and there is a growing voice within China which is saying, maybe regime change engineered by us is better than that engineered by the US.”
The worst scenario is if the US faces a binary choice between acquiescence to North Korea's nuclear and missile program, and the use of military force to stop it, Scott Snyder, senior fellow for Korea studies at the Council for Foreign Relations in Washington, told the Straits Times.
“I think what the North Koreans have calculated is that the US will acquiesce, but we haven't reached that point,” he said. “The Trump administration is trying to use every instrument short of war to prevent that.
“We are still in a phase where the administration is trying to mobilize China to prevent North Korea from going further, and is signaling a willingness to sanction Chinese entities which do business with North Korea.”
Sanctions against North Korea have not been fully explored or implemented, according to the United Nations, which noted in a Feb. 27 Panel of Experts report that “implementation remains insufficient and highly inconsistent.”
Professor Lee Sung Yoon, a Korean studies expert at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is “not suicidal” and that the chances of war are “quite low.”
“There is a consensus in Washington that tough sanctions have not really been tried, so why not try them? Military strikes will not resolve the issue. We do not even know where his missiles are,” he told the Straits Times.
A senior Asian diplomat who asked not to be named told the Straits Times that the North Koreans are “coldly rational,” and noted that the show of force by the US “is as much directed toward China as North Korea.”
But he warned, “If North Korea accidentally hits a US ship, the US will retaliate.”
He added, “The important message is that the Chinese and the North Koreans used to think they had the second Barack Obama administration figured out; now, they cannot make that assumption anymore.”
Snyder conceded that there is a greater risk under the Trump administration of US unilateral action but said that the more Trump learns about this issue, the more he will understand the constraints faced by the US.
He added, “A good example is what happened over the weekend. As the crisis reached a higher pitch, you had requests from Japan for prior information before military action and significant public concern in South Korea. Those are signals that reflect constraints on US unilateral military action.”
By Nirmal Ghosh
Nirmal Ghosh is a senior correspondent for the Straits Times in Singapore, assigned to Washington. -- Ed.
(Asia News Network)
WAYNE Bennett no longer acts like Wayne Bennett.
Bennett faces a significant challenge in his career, with the Broncos under-siege heading into Thursday's clash against the pesky South Sydney Rabbitohs at ANZ Stadium.
After seven rounds of the NRL season, Brisbane sit 10th on the ladder with a 3-4 record.
They should be a top four teams. That is what we have come to expect of the mighty Broncos.
A club with a $27 million home should not be mixing with the NRL's paupers.
But for a range of reasons, including a squad lacking depth in key positions and injuries to important players, the Broncos are in territory they have rarely been before.
Which makes Bennett more important than ever.
The coach with seven premierships next to his name, including all six of Brisbane's, has guided the Broncos through testing times before.
But things seem different this year, the penultimate season of the 68-year-old Bennett's current contract.
The Thaiday experiment was a failure. (Mark Kolbe/Getty Images)
When under the pump, coaches follow a similar pattern. They start to overthink their task.
One of Bennett's many great assets has been his predictability and stability.
The players know what to expect. He rarely wanders from the simple tactics which have delivered him success for 40 years.
At the moment, Bennett is thinking far too deeply.
In Round 1, Bennett picked ageing prop Sam Thaiday to start at hooker ahead of Andrew McCullough, who was returning from a knee reconstruction.
A few days later, after the Broncos were thrashed 34-12 by St George Illawarra, Bennett admitted he made a mistake. Forgivable.
McCullough's injury has been a real blow. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
In Round 2, McCullough and Tevita Pangai Jr, Brisbane's most damaging front rower, started the match and the Broncos beat reigning grand finalists North Queensland.
They were fortunate to win a golden point thriller against Wests Tigers in Round 4 before suffering their first loss to the Gold Coast Titans at Suncorp Stadium in 11 years.
Before Brisbane's Round 5 game against Newcastle, Bennett guaranteed Kodi Nikorima and Anthony Milford would remain his halves for the year, no matter their form.
Nikorima missed Brisbane's Round 6 win against the Warriors with a corked thigh. When Bennett named his Round 7 team, Nikorima was on the bench.
His guarantee lasted one match.
Milford has struggled to stamp his authority. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
In Brisbane's past two matches, a win against the Warriors and loss to Melbourne, Bennett has relegated Pangai Jr to the bench, a player who is surely better used in a starting position where he can make an impact before the game gets away.
The Broncos lost McCullough to an elbow injury midway through the second half of last Friday's loss to Melbourne and Bennett had a ready-made replacement in Nikorima to fill in at dummy-half.
Instead, he shifted Josh McGuire from lock to hooker, left Jack Bird at left centre after moving him from five-eighth and allowed Nikorima to remain in the halves alongside Milford, a combination which has struggled all season.
Jack Bird has been honest about his struggles. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
Bennett found a promising halves combination in Milford and Bird in the Warriors game, but shifted his star recruit after 45 minutes against the Storm in a move which Bird admitted shattered his confidence.
"I'm not sure why that was done," Broncos legend Steve Renouf said.
"Wayne has his way of doing things. (Bird was) one-and-a-half games into that position and you change …"
Jack Bird has been honest about his struggles. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
Renouf stopped mid-sentence, wary of questioning the coach which guided him to four premierships as a player.
I called Bennett on Tuesday to discuss a range of issues at the Broncos.
"I'm doing a press conference tomorrow," he said in the conversation that lasted 31 seconds.
It is the first time Bennett has flatly refused to talk to me.
Wayne seems like he is no longer Wayne.
Paris: People, it seems, have never been so afraid of their food -– and, say some experts, an obsession with healthy eating may paradoxically be endangering lives.
Twenty-nine-year-old Frenchwoman Sabrina Debusquat recounts how, over 18 months, she became a vegetarian, then a vegan — eschewing eggs, dairy products and even honey -– before becoming a “raw foodist” who avoided all cooked foods, and ultimately decided to eat just fruit.
It was only when her deeply worried boyfriend found clumps of her hair in the bathroom sink and confronted her with the evidence that she realised that she was on a downward path.
“I thought I held the truth to food and health, which would allow me to live as long as possible,” said Debusquat.
“I wanted to get to some kind of pure state. In the end, my body overruled my mind.”
For some specialists, the problem is a modern eating disorder called orthorexia nervosa.
Someone suffering from orthorexia is “imprisoned by a range of rules which they impose on themselves,” said Patrick Denoux, a professor in intercultural psychology at the University of Toulouse-Jean Jaures.
These very strict self-enforced laws isolate the individual from social food gatherings and in extreme cases, can also endanger health.
Paris nutritionist Sophie Ortega said she had one patient who was going blind due to deficiency of vitamin B12, which is needed to make red blood cells.
B12 is not made by the body, and most people get what they need from animal-derived foods such as eggs, dairy products, meat or fish or from supplements.
“A pure, unbending vegan,” her patient even refused to take the supplements, said Ortega. “It was as if she preferred to lose her sight… rather than betray her commitment to animals.”
– ‘Disease disguised as virtue' –
The term orthorexia nervosa was coined in the 1990s by the then alternative medicine practitioner Steven Bratman, a San Francisco-based physician.
To be clear, orthorexia is not an interest in healthy eating — it's when enthusiasm becomes a pathological obsession, which leads to social isolation, psychological disturbance and even physical harm. In other words, as Bratman said in a co-authored book in 2000, it's “a disease disguised as a virtue.”
But as is often the case in disorders that may have complex psychological causes, there is a strong debate as to whether the condition really exists.
The term is trending in western societies, prompting some experts to wonder whether it is being fanned by “cyberchondria” — self-diagnosis on the internet.
– ‘Not medically recognised' –
Orthorexia is not part of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, set down by mental health professionals in the United States that is also widely used as a benchmark elsewhere. The fifth edition of this “bible,” published in 2013, includes anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa, but not orthorexia.
“The term orthorexia was proposed as a commonly used term but it is not medically recognised,” said Pierre Dechelotte, head of nutrition at Rouen University Hospital in northern France and head of a research unit investigating the link between the brain and the intestines in food behaviour.
Even so, says Dechelotte, it has a home in the family of “restrictive food-related disorders -– but it's not on the radar screen.”
Alain Perroud, a psychiatrist who has worked in France and Switzerland over the course of a 30-year career, says orthorexia “is much closer to a phobia” than to a food disorder.
As with other phobias, the problem may be tackled by cognitive behavioural therapy — talking about incorrect or excessive beliefs, dealing with anxiety-provoking situations and using relaxation techniques and other methods to tackle anxiety, he suggested.
Denoux contends that between two and three percent of the French population suffer from orthorexia, but stresses that there is a lack of reliable data as the condition has not been officially recognised.
Denoux's figure seems coherent to Dechelotte, who says that women seem to be more than twice as susceptible to the problem as men.
– ‘Bubble of restriction' –
Outside the world of clinicians, orthorexia seems to be creeping into wider usage.
American blogger Jordan Younger has helped to popularise the term, documenting her own painful downward spiral — since reversed — into unhealthy living.
On her blog, she describes it as “a bubble of restriction,” obsessing over a diet that was “entirely vegan, entirely plant-based, entirely gluten-free, oil-free, refined sugar-free, flour-free, dressing/sauce-free, etc.”
Those who seem to be most worried about healthy food are often concerned about food scandals in the West, Pascale Hebel from the Paris-based CREDOC research centre told AFP.
Over nearly three decades, Europe has experienced a string of food safety scandals — beginning with mad-cow disease and continuing recently with insecticide-contaminated eggs -– as well as mounting opposition to the use of antibiotics, genetically modified foods and corporate farming practices.
The disorder reflects a craving for control, suggested Denoux: food is seen as a form of medicine to fix a western lifestyle that may be seen as polluting or toxic.
“We are living through a time of change in our food culture, which has led us to fundamentally doubt what we are eating,” said Denoux.
Among believers, this “suspicion of being poisoned is deemed proof of insight.”
Forget Wealth And Neighborhood. The Racial Income Gap Persists
Enlarge this image amathers/Getty Images amathers/Getty Images
A new study conducted by researchers at Stanford, Harvard and the Census Bureau, finds that in 99 percent of neighborhoods in the United States, black boys earn less in adulthood than white boys who come from similar socioeconomic backgrounds. This undermines the widely-held belief that class, not race, is the most fundamental predictor of economic outcomes for children in the U.S.
The study looked at racial disparities in income over generations by looking at de-identified data from 20 million U.S. children and their parents. It tracked outcomes for Hispanic, white, Asian, black and Native Americans.
Race Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Listen · 2:43 2:43
Nathaniel Hendren, who co-authored the study, told NPR's Leah Donnella that black and Native American children have the lowest rates of upward economic mobility. Whites and Asians came out at the top, he said. "For Asians and white children, we find very similar processes of mobility," Hendren said. "For Hispanics, we see slightly lower incomes for children at the same level of parent income."
The researchers found that the racial wealth gap applies even to the country's wealthiest families: Black children whose parents were in the top 1 percent of earners, with incomes at an average of $1.1 million, grew up to have incomes 12.4 percent lower than white children who grew up in households with similar incomes.
Hendren says for the U.S. as a whole, the odds of a child raised in the bottom fifth of the income distribution rising to the top fifth are about 7 percent. But that chance at upward mobility varies widely across race. The study found that about 11 percent of white children raised in the bottom fifth end up rising to the top. For black children, that number is 2.5 percent.
The results are also gendered. The income gap between black and white Americans, the study finds, is almost entirely driven by differences in earnings between black and white men. When the researchers controlled for parental income, they found black women earn slightly more than white women. Meanwhile, white men are far out-earning black men, even when they start out in families with similar income levels.
For Native Americans, Hendren says, the gender difference is not as stark, but low rates of upward mobility and high rates of downward mobility persist.
Advocates of programs that address the specific needs of black boys could see the study as an affirmation of their efforts. Will Jawando, who worked on Barack Obama's My Brother's Keeper initiative, told The New York Times that this study "crystallizes and puts data behind this thing that we always knew was there, because we either felt it ourselves or we've seen it over time."
Neighborhoods are still a determining factor when it comes to adult earnings and life outcomes. That holds across race and ethnicity. But Hendren says the study finds a larger black-white wealth gap in the most affluent neighborhoods: "It suggests that policies ... that aim to reduce just residential segregation can help, and I certainly don't want to say those policies are not fruitful. But we can't stop there if we want to try to eliminate racial disparities."
Hendren said the study did identify a few neighborhoods where black and white children often reach parity as adults. He highlighted some suburbs of Washington, D.C., including Silver Spring, Md., as having relatively low degrees of racial bias among white people — one significant predictor of whether or not black boys will match watch boys in future earnings. Another factor present in the neighborhoods was high percentages of present black fathers, compared to the country as a whole. (The Times points out that this does not mean the presence of a black boy's father in his life has a direct effect on his eventual earnings; rather, the presence of black fathers in a community may help predict higher incomes for the black boys who grow up there.)
As for why the differences in wealth and mobility are most persistent among certain groups, Hendren suggests history might play a role. "Here, I'm speculating. But ... the two groups who happen to stand out – African-Americans and Native Americans – tend to be groups who have experienced a very different history in America," he says. "And so I think that does suggest thinking about the long-run historical processes that might have gotten us here."
Stephen Wade Goes 'Across The Amerikee' With Historical Banjo And Guitar Music
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael G. Stewart/Courtesy of the artist Michael G. Stewart/Courtesy of the artist
Before the Grand Ole Opry was the longest-running radio broadcast in US history and a country music institution, it was a humble Nashville program called the WSM Barn Dance. Its first ever guest performer, in November 1925, was Uncle Jimmy Thompson, a septuagenarian fiddler from Tennessee who once said he wanted to "throw his music out all over the Amerikee."
That charming phrase was adopted by banjo player, guitarist and historian Stephen Wade for his new record, Across The Amerikee: Showpieces From Coal Camp to Cattle Trail, which was released in June.
Wade first came to the attention of a wide audience in 1979 with his stage show Banjo Dancing, which combined extensive research into traditional American music and culture with his knack for storytelling and musicianship, and which ran for 10 years. More recently, Wade penned The Beautiful Music All Around Us: Field Recordings and the American Experience, an acclaimed 2012 book on a dozen notable musical field recordings found in the Library of Congress.
Wade's new album focuses on "showpieces": songs or instrumentals that show off what a performer can do, or tunes that particular performers made their own. Hear his conversation with NPR's Robert Siegel — plus a few in-studio mini-performances — at the audio link.
Radio producer Tom Cole and web producer Karen Gwee contributed to this story.
Twitter Reacts to Barcelona's 4-0 loss to PSG in the Champions League
Twitter went nuts as PSG pulled out a rabbit of their hat.
@soumalyamoitra7 by Soumalya Moitra Breaking 15 Feb 2017, 03:45 IST
Angel di Maria celebrates his goal
Paris Saint-Germain did the unthinkable as they beat Barcelona 4-0 at home. Former Real Madrid winger Angel di Maria opened the scoring in the 18th minute with a wonderful free kick which left Marc-André ter Stegen stranded to his spot. Julian Draxler doubled the score in the 40th minute, with a sublime finish giving Barcelona's goalkeeper the eyes.
Di Maria capped off his night with another brilliant finish from the edge of the box as he curled one past the outstretched hands of Ter Stegen. Cavani made in 4-0 in the 71st minute, as PSG held on to their four-goal advantage which they will now defend in the second leg at Camp Nou.
Barcelona themselves were poor on the ball, and their famed front three of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar didn't turn up for the big night. Here is how Twitter Reacted to the lopsided scoreline.
If @PSG_English beat @FCBarcelona today, then we can only assume that the gods no longer hate us and Trump will soon retire. #PSGFCB — Dallin Greenhalgh (@Dallingreenhalg) February 14, 2017
On Marco Veratti's wonderful performance at the heart of midfield.
I've always wondered how in the world #Verratti covers all that ground. He's a magician but also a warrior. That makes him special #PSGFCB — Vince Van Genechten (@VVGenechten) February 14, 2017
Arsenal fans are happy.
Arsenals two draws with PSG are looking pretty good right about now ... #UCL #PSGFCB #InArseneWeTrust — Matt Rickman (@Rickman_93) February 14, 2017
...and how Hillary Clinton almost predicted the scoreline for tonight's game.
Predicting the score of #PSGFCB like a pro! https://t.co/scbdsS1rZh — Pete Nowakowski (@petenowakowski) February 14, 2017
Barcelona fans when it was only 3-0.
Is Manchester United scouting this winger?
That Di Maria is a good player, United should sign him. #mufc #PSGFCB — Ash (@AshHanson1) February 14, 2017
When Rafinha came on
In a last ditch effort, Barça appears to have brought on Zorro #PSGFCB — Noah Posocco (@NoahP96) February 14, 2017
I swear they are playing Nantes #PSGFCB — Karim Ziadeh (@karimziadeh) February 14, 2017
Manchester City's hand in Barcelona's loss?
If only Barcelona still had Bravo... #PSGFCB — Sam (@Sam___J) February 14, 2017
Leo Messi doing a disappearing act?
Was it the actual plan though?
Neymar to Marquinhos: "So the plan is to give you guys 1 more goal. Than, we complete the greatest comeback ever in leg 2." #PSGFCB pic.twitter.com/MszeYjpiuV — Andrew Jerell Jones (@sluggahjells) February 14, 2017
Plus all the Valentine's Day banter.
Barcelona right now: Celebrating Valentines day would have been a better idea! #PSGFCB #ChampionsLeague — Dhiraj singh (@dhirajsingh0206) February 14, 2017
What a day to be alive!
Truly love is in d air. If u doubt,
ask Barça fans. 4:0#PSGFCB — Richards Dominic (@Minicview) February 14, 2017
Nowhere to be found?
The end of the road for Barcelona?
That celebration after the win.
Oh look, PSG did that crowd celebration hand hold thing.
I haven't seen that since Liverpool drew with West Brom at home that one time. — Paddy Power (@paddypower) February 14, 2017
Deluded Brendan is at it again
PSG turned on their inner Celtic tonight.
What a superb victory — Deluded Brendan (@DeludedBrendan) February 14, 2017
Finally, the size of the task back the Camp Nou
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Valentine's Day doesn't have to be all pink hearts and candles. Choose a gift that suits him perfectly and he'll see how much you really care.
From the man who never really grew up, to the down-to-earth practical man – there's a great option for everyone.
Go on a date he'll love
Let's face it – not everyone is so good with the mushy stuff. But dating is just about spending quality time together. So gift him the date of his dreams.
Perhaps that is this action-packed Quad Biking Experience for two. Prepare to be splashed with muddy water, tackle steep declines, wander woodland tracks and generally zoom across open countryside.
Set up a double date he'll actually be keen on, with this Live Escape Game in which players have to solve a series of puzzles, find clues, and break out of the room within a set time limit. Escape room experiences have become very popular – and he's bound to want to have a go.
Or opt for the traditional dinner date with a twist. This Beer Masterclass includes tastings and a gourmet burger meal for two. It will help you learn to differentiate between the ever-increasing numbers of craft beers emerging onto the market.
Spice it up
If the way to your man's heart is through the stomach, then try these culinary gifts to add some spice to your relationship.
Take his taste buds on a trip all over the world with this World Traveller Hot Sauces set. Novelty flavours include Hawaiian Lava, Rio De Janeiro Carnival and My Outback is Burning.
Or give that keen chef a chance to cook his way across the continents with a World Kitchen Explorer spice subscription. The monthly pack includes recipes from every corner of the globe.
For the big kid
Are you with a man who never really grew up? Get him a gift that celebrates the child within.
There are now many affordable drone options for the tech lover. Try this RC Tech drone with a built-in camera. It features headless flying so they don't have to worry about which way the drone is facing; the ability to do 360 degree flips; and a one-key return home function.
Or fuel his creativity with this 3D pen which allows the construction of three-dimensional artwork. He can also use the Trace App to draw stencils from his smart phone using the screen protector included.
For the man of taste
Is your partner one of more traditional tastes? These classic gifts are timeless.
Try this Retro Turntable in a bold red suitcase – or in a more understated black or brown. It's a great time to buy it, with the sale of records dramatically rising and popular new music being released on vinyl.
Is he a fan of dinner parties? Consider this Wine Carafe with Personalised Oak Stopper as a trendy and attractive way to present and air red wine.
Meanwhile, this three month subscription to Bookishly Coffee and Book Club, will present him with classic novels and a new blend of coffee each month.
Pamper him
With a man who isn't afraid of some solid pampering?
Buy him a decadent Deep Tissue Massage at Gentlemen's Tonic in Mayfair. He will be able to let go of all his tension surrounded by the luxurious décor of wood, leather and marble forming the perfect haven for the modern gentleman.
Does he do many overnighters? Perhaps this posh Lichfield Brown Wash Bag will keep him thinking of you. Crafted out of leather in a vintage design, the bag oozes sophistication.
Useful gifts
If your partner is no nonsense and practical – there's still a Valentine's gift for him.
Consider this top-quality Personalised Hammer made from natural wood and imprinted with his name and a message.
This way he can carry your sentiments with him, long after a card would be thrown away.
Or go for a handy token gift with this Grooming Cape. The apron attaches to the mirror to catch all stray hairs while shaving. This one is a gift for you too really, as it means no more clogged sinks.
What do you think of these ideas? Let us know in the comments.
GRAMBLING, La. — Ivy Smith Jr., scored 20 points and Devante Jackson added 15 points and Grambling held on to beat Southern 69-68 on Saturday in the Tigers' first home game since Jan. 15.
Smith missed 13 of 17 shots from field but made up for it shooting 12 of 15 from the foul line. Nigel Ribiero added 10 points for Grambling (11-12, 7-3 Southwestern Athletic).
With Grambling leading 69-66, Smith fouled Jared Sam with five seconds left after he converted a layup to reduce Southern's deficit to a point. But Sam missed the potential and-1 chance to tie it and time ran out.
Sam's layup gave Southern a 41-32 lead with 13:32 left. Grambling later went on an 8-0 run and Jackson tied it at 45 with a dunk. The teams traded leads before Jackson made two foul shots for a 61-60 lead that Grambling never gave up. Ribeiro made two fouls shots for a 69-66 lead with 15 second left.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The fate of Charity Dingle's long-lost son was revealed on Emmerdale this evening.
During last night's episode, a flashback showed that Charity's son had actually survived - something she has no idea about.
But what happened to him?
Tonight, Charity, Vanessa and Harriet followed up some leads to the hospital which led them to who they thought was the midwife who had helped deliver the baby.
Irene denied it and the trio left gutted - but little did they know that the midwife had actually been lying.
(Image: ITV)
Later, she was seen packing up her belongings before pulling out an adoption form, which showed that she had adopted Charity's son - who she had named Ryan.
Ryan Stocks is set to turn up in Emmerdale next week and will come face-to-face with his biological mum.
Actor James Moore has been cast as Charity's 27-year-old "feisty and reckless" son Ryan, who had Ataxic Cerebral Palsy.
His arrival will leave Charity struggling to deal with her guilt at abandoning her son. And will Ryan be able to forgive his mother for leaving him all those years ago.
(Image: ITV)
Emmerdale boss Kate Brooks teased that Ryan's arrival would throw a "spanner in the works" and promised "unexpected twists" in the pipeline.
She said: "We are absolutely delighted to welcome James to the show; an actor of real skill, talent and charisma. As to be expected with his Dingle heritage, the character of Ryan is feisty, funny and reckless, and with an unquenchable zest for life.
"Ryan will not only turn Charity's life upside down, but also the wider Dingle clan as his arrival throws a massive spanner in the works. As Ryan navigates his newfound family ties and connects with the mother he never knew he had, it unearths yet another layer to Charity.
(Image: ITV)
"His journey on the show is jam-packed with laughter, tears, unlikely friendships and with the odd unexpected twist thrown in for good measure."
Meanwhile actor James said: "I'm so excited to have joined the Emmerdale cast. Everyone is so welcoming and friendly and I'm having a great time playing Ryan. I leapt a mile when I got the call and I was over the moon to hear that I had got the part."
poll loading Was Emmerdale right to show the abuse scenes so early? 500+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
This comes after a shock twist tonight revealed that Charity's son was still alive.
Charity opened up about her harrowing ordeal as a pregnant and abused teen to girlfriend Vanessa Woodfield. The usually feisty pub landlady, played by Emma Atkins, then revealed that her baby and heartbreakingly died.
But at the end of the flashback, the nurse who had run after a young Charity (Mica Proctor) returned back to the room the baby had been being resuscitated in.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The doctor standing by the incubator glanced up from his clipboard and said: "He wants to see in the new year with us."
She walked over to the incubator and knelt down to see Charity's baby, who was very much alive.
"Well hello," she said stroking his head. "Welcome to the world little fella. Your mummy got a bit upset but she'll be back soon. I promise."
Only Charity never returned as she thought that he was dead.
So when will he return to the Dales?
It was reported late last year that Charity's long lost son would be returning, but it is not yet known when he could be making an appearance... or whether he is in the village already...
A source told The Sun that Charity's entire world would be "rocked" by his return.
They added: "Things have settled for her in terms of her personal life after three kids and as many husbands but this will change everything again."
*Emmerdale returns tomorrow at 7pm on ITV
Civil Rights Reporters, Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr. And Roy Reed, Die At 99 And 87
Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr., risked his life to cover the civil rights movement in the 1950s and '60s for Jet and Ebony magazines. He was the first black reporter hired by The Washington Post. Roy Reed covered the movement for The New York Times and was tear-gassed covering the Bloody Sunday marchers. Booker, 99, and Reed, 87, died on Sunday.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Two leading journalists who covered the civil rights movement of the 1950s and '60s died yesterday. Roy Reed was white. Simeon Booker Jr. was black. As NPR's Neda Ulaby reports, each in his own way helped open the nation's eyes to the struggle against racial injustice.
NEDA ULABY, BYLINE: Roy Reed got an inkling of what segregation meant while talking to a black customer at his father's grocery store as a young boy in Piney, Ark. His beliefs solidified when he worked for the Arkansas Gazette. In 2006, Reed read an editorial for NPR his paper published in 1957, when the state's governor was resisting the desegregation of public schools.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED BROADCAST)
ROY REED: (Reading) The question has now become the supremacy of the government of the United States in all matters of law. And clearly the federal government cannot let this issue remain unsolved, no matter what the cost to this community.
ULABY: Roy Reed went on to cover the civil rights movement for The New York Times. He was 87 when he died. Simeon Booker was 99. Both men were there during the pivotal march from Selma to Montgomery, Ala., when police attacked protesters on Pettus Bridge. Booker was working for Ebony and Jet magazines. In 2013, he told NPR he was just as shocked as any other Northerner by what was going on in the South.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED BROADCAST)
SIMEON BOOKER JR.: I just couldn't believe that a race of people could be just set aside, told you couldn't work here, couldn't live there, couldn't eat there. It just was so hard on me. I just revolted and said, well, I'm going to change this.
ULABY: Booker was the first full-time black reporter at The Washington Post. Wil Haygood got there years later. He told NPR in 2007 Booker's experiences were not easy.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED BROADCAST)
WIL HAYGOOD: He would go out and he would introduce himself to people as Simeon Booker of The Washington Post. And he said people would throw their heads back and just start laughing out loud in his face because they thought he was joking because they had never met a black reporter from The Washington Post. I mean, that's just heartbreaking.
ULABY: Booker's colleagues would not sit next to him in the cafeteria. After only two years, he left. While working at Ebony and Jet, Booker heard about the murder of a 14-year-old accused of whistling at a white woman. He took a photographer to Emmett Till's funeral. The pictures of Till's open casket and mangled face became a civil rights catalyst. Booker found stories no one else could.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED BROADCAST)
HAYGOOD: The stories that he covered and that he wrote, they mattered. They mattered - to insist to his editors, this is a story in Birmingham. This is a story in Montgomery. This is a story - Reverend George Lee is trying to register blacks to vote. This is a story. This is a story. Send me. I'm ready to go. And he'd take off with his little manual typewriter.
ULABY: Wil Haygood says Simeon Booker became friendly with an FBI agent who'd tip him off to danger.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED BROADCAST)
BOOKER: My whole life was one of fright in newspapering when I was in the South.
ULABY: Later, some criticized Booker since the FBI was also working at the time to undermine the civil rights movement. His wife of 40 years, Carol McCabe Booker, co-wrote his memoir. Almost to the end, she says, Simeon Booker loved speaking about his experiences. One question, she said, came up over and over.
CAROL MCCABE BOOKER: What kept you going back down there? And he answered so matter-of-factly, it was my job.
ULABY: Two men doing their jobs helped change American civil rights. Neda Ulaby, NPR News.
(SOUNDBITE OF DOLLAR BRAND'S "SALAAM-PEACE-HAMBA KAHLE")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Tottenham transfer roundup: France's hero against Argentina linked to Spurs, who are favourites to land Ndombele and more - July 4, 2018
Need to make signing quickly
Hello and welcome to the Tottenham transfer roundup for the day! The anxiety of Spurs fans must be increasing day by day as the North London club are yet to make a signing so far in the window.
Since the transfer window slams shut on August 9, Spurs have just a little over a month left to complete summer signings. The good news for the fans is that they are quite busy in the rumour mill.
And here are some of the rumours surrounding the Lilywhites.
Tanguy Ndombele to Spurs?
Ever since Mousa Dembele's departure from Spurs has been talked up, the Lilywhites have been linked with quite a few midfielders and one of them in Tanguy Ndombele. The Lyon midfielder's performances in the recently-concluded season has made him a point of focus for the other teams.
According to Le Progres, a host of clubs is after the signature of the coveted midfielder, namely PSG, Liverpool, Juventus, Manchester City, Arsenal, AS Roma and Tottenham Hotspur.
However, France Football, as reported by Sports Witness, claim that Spurs are ahead in the race to acquire him.
Quintero linked to Spurs
Colombia's superstar
While James was Colombia's superstar in the 2014 World Cup, Juan Quintero took up that mantle this time around with James Rodriguez problems with injuries. His performances might have alerted top clubs as there is a report from La Nueva about Spurs' interest.
According to the report, the Lilywhites are expected to make a big offer for the player as Pochettino realizes that the club needs a deeper squad in order to compete in more than one competition.
London battle for another French
After being linked with Adrien Rabiot, both Spurs and Arsenal have been credited with an interest for France right-back Benjamin Pavard, who made a name for himself after scoring a superb thunderblast against Argentina in the round of 16 of the World Cup 2018 - an important goal given that Argentina were leading 2-1 at the time.
According to Corriere dello Sport via Mirror, Arsenal and Tottenham are set to lock horns in a pursuit for the right-back who plays for Stuttgart. They will, however, face competition from Napoli as they are also keeping tabs on the defender.
LONDON — Arsenal record signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang made a scoring debut and Henrikh Mkhitaryan provided three assists on his first start.
But Aaron Ramsey seized the limelight from the January recruits by scoring a hat trick as Arsenal crushed Everton 5-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
It was an emphatic response from Arsenal to losing at Swansea 3-1 on Tuesday a day before Aubameyang joined from Borussia Dortmund for $80 million.
Aubameyang dinked the ball over goalkeeper Jordan Pickford for Arsenal's fourth in the 37th minute after being set up by Mkhitaryan.
Police are renewing an appeal for information following a collision which left a scooter rider with serious injuries in Leeds
Officers said that another vehicle involved in the collision, which happened at around 3.50am on Dewsbury Road at the junction with Trentham Street on Tuesday, December 5, failed to stop at the scene.
From initial enquiries it is believed that this vehicle was a dark VW Polo in the MK4 model which was manufactured between 2002 and 2009.
The scooter rider suffered a serious leg injury and remains in hospital in a stable condition.
Any witnesses to the incident or who saw the vehicles immediately before are asked to contact police on 101 quoting log 155 of December 5.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Traditional fairy tales often involve a handsome prince making an honest woman of someone considered to be "commoner".
They fall in love, ride off into the sunset and live happily ever after.
In the Prince Harry and Meghan Markle fairy tale, things are a little different.
Firstly, while technically a "commoner" by birth, Meghan is also a successful actress, World Vision Global Ambassador and UN Advocate.
So not exactly a goose-herder or kitchen wench then.
Speculation has been mounting that a royal wedding between the Suits actress and fifth in line to the throne may be on the cards.
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
But if that does happen, before they get to live happily after, there are a few tricks Meghan will need to perfect.
1. Sitting pretty
People magazine recently spoke to one woman with royal etiquette insider knowledge, Beaumont Etiquette founder Myka Meier.
One of the first things Meghan would need to make sure she had down been the "proper" way of sitting.
To achieve this, Myka advises keeping an "egg's width of distance" between the back of the chair and your back.
No drooping head either. Myka's instructions state that your chin should be parallel to the floor, back straight, with your hands folded in your lap.
If you must cross your legs, do so at the knee rather than the ankle.
(Photo: Getty Images Portrait)
2. Love a tea party
Apparently, the Royal family love an afternoon tea. But before Meghan tucks in to the crustless cucumber sandwiches, there are a few techniques she'll need to get a handle of.
First, she'll need to hold her cup properly.
To do this, Myka points out, you need to pinch the top of the handle with your thumb and index finger, with your middle finger supporting the bottom of the handle.
The handle of the cup should always be kept at 3 o'clock and you should ALWAYS to take a sip from the same spot
This applies to all drinks and is to avoid getting lipstick around the rim.
(Photo: Getty)
Eating with the Royals sounds exhausting - you must never put down your cutlery. The only time you can is when you need to have a drink or pop to the toilet.
3. Meeting and greeting
There's a protocol for nearly everything when you're Royal, and this extends to how to greet not just members of the public - but also family members.
(Photo: Getty)
On official engagements Meghan will need to make direct eye-contact with her fans and well-wishers, smile and shake their hands with no more than two pumps.
She could also always take inspiration from the Duchess of Cambridge, who carries a clutch bag with her on public engagements to avoid awkward handshake interactions .
(Photo: Samir Hussein/WireImage)
When it comes to meeting friends and close family members in public, it's best to avoid ostentatious Ab Fab style "mwah mwah darling" air kisses.
While you don't actually kiss the other person's cheek, you don't make a noise - and only stick to two!
4. Exiting cars
When you're in the public eye, having the paparazzi on hand to capture an awkward car exit is one of the downsides of the job.
(Photo: REX)
Getting out of a car in an elegant manner can be tricky when wearing a skirt.
So to assist this, Myka suggests doing the "swivel and pop" where you position yourself at the end of your seat, as close to the door as possible.
Then place both your hands behind yourself and use them to support yourself as you turn.
Make sure you keep your ankles and knees together and place your feet outside the car.
You should then be in a position to "pop" out of the car and stand up, ready to meet the crowds.
Meghan, if you do get married to Harry, then good luck.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Happy Saturday!
The weekend is upon us and what better way to celebrate than with a packed day of racing?
There are meetings at Ascot, Newmarket, Redcar, Fontwell Park and Wolverhampton to get your little red pens stuck into.
If you're stuck where to invest though, fear not, as our top tipster Newsboy has been looking at the form,
So here are his tips from a busy day of racing. Remember to always bet responsibly!
ASCOT
1.50 WAADY
2.25 WALDGEIST
3.00 BLUE POINT
3.35 BURNT SUGAR (NB)
4.10 ETERNALLY
4.45 JUSTICE LADY
NEWMARKET
1.30 OLD PERSIAN
2.05 EARTHA KITT
2.40 ALJAZZI
3.15 SILVER QUARTZ
3.50 ELYSIUM DREAM
4.25 CLEARLY
5.00 NESHMEYA
5.35 CRIBBS CAUSEWAY
REDCAR
1.40 RICH IDENTITY
2.10 COMMANDER HAN
2.45 RITA'S MAN
3.20 DARKANNA (NAP)
3.55 LAHORE
4.30 MON BEAU VISAGE
5.05 DREAM MACHINE
5.40 NUNS WALK
FONTWELL PARK
1.55 MOUNT VESUVIUS
2.30 REMIND ME LATER
3.05 AZZERTI
3.40 OLIVER'S HILL
4.15 THE BLACK SQUIRREL
4.50 FLY HOME HARRY
5.20 SOLOMON GREY
WOLVERHAMPTON
5.45 CONSIDERED OPINION
6.15 GRIMEFORD LANE
6.45 GULLIVER
7.15 FAR DAWN
7.45 SONG MAKER
8.15 SINGULAR QUEST
8.45 SEND UP
9.15 EQUAL RIGHTS
DOUBLE: DARKANNA and BURNT SUGAR
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victor Lindelof is hoping to see a lot more of Zlatan Ibrahimovic at Manchester United next season.
Centre back Lindelof joined United from Benfica for £30m on Wednesday, on a four-year deal.
Ibrahimovic was released by United last week - after Mourinho decided not to invoke his contract extension, despite the hit man netting 28 goals in his debut season at Old Trafford.
But Ibrahimovic has been promised access to the Carrington training ground until he is fully fit.
(Photo: @ManUtd /Twitter)
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty)
And former Sweden international teammate Lindelof is looking forward to having friendly face at his new club.
"It will be nice to have him [Ibrahimovic] around," Lindelof told MUTV.
Lindelof has also described his style of play to give United fans some excitement ahead of his debut on the club's USA tour.
"I'm a calm player, I like to have the ball at my feet and I'm quite good at reading the game," he added.
(Photo: Laurence Griffiths)
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty)
"I give the players in front of me a feeling of calmness, they know I am there protecting them.
"There are some great players here in my position but I am ready to do my best and help the team as much as I can.
"I always had a dream of coming to the Premier League, it's a dream come true. I think everywhere you go you have to adapt."
Ashwin and Shami complete dominant India whitewash of Sri Lanka
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs to complete a 3-0 whitewash of Sri Lanka.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 15:48 IST
India spinner Ravichandran Ashwin
Ravichandran Ashwin and Mohammed Shami produced stellar bowling displays as India wrapped up a dominant series whitewash of Sri Lanka with another emphatic triumph in Pallekele.
India won the first two Tests by 304 runs and an innings and 53 runs respectively and were similarly dominant in the finale, winning inside three days by an innings and 171 runs.
Sri Lanka started the third day with nine wickets remaining in their second innings, trailing by 333 runs, and their resistance was fittingly withering, the hosts crumbling to 181 all out having been skittled for 135 in the first innings and made to follow on in response to 487 from India.
Just five batsmen reached double figures as the fragility of Sri Lanka's was brutally exposed again, Shami taking 3-32 and spinner Ashwin posting figures of 4-68 to help India round off the series in style.
3-0 to India! Sri Lanka are dismissed before tea on Day 3 and India win in Pallekele by an innings and 171 runs #SLvIND pic.twitter.com/FgPlOp7bRQ — ICC (@ICC) August 14, 2017
Sri Lanka resumed on 19-1 and added just seven runs before Ashwin had Dimuth Karunaratne caught at slip for 16.
Malinda Pushpakumara scored just one from 32 balls before he was caught behind off Shami, who trapped Kusal Mendis (12) lbw 15 balls later.
That left Sri Lanka on 39-4 but captain Dinesh Chandimal and Angelo Mathews mounted something of a recovery as they crafted the highest partnership of the match for the hosts, patiently combining for 65.
But the stand was eventually broken when Chandimal fell to Kuldeep Yadav (1-56) for 36 and Mathews quickly followed for 35 as he was struck on the pad attempting to sweep Ashwin.
Mathews' departure ended any realistic hope of Sri Lanka forcing India to bat again, though Niroshan Dickwella did impress with 41 off 52.
Yet he found little in the way of resistance as Dilruwan Perera and Lakshan Sandakan each fell for just eight runs before Dickwella's admirable effort was ended by Umesh Yadav (2-21) to put India a wicket away from victory.
And it was Ashwin who claimed the final scalp when he clattered a delivery into Lahiru Kumara's off-stump to mercifully bring a miserable series for Sri Lanka to a close.
• Take stock of your glassware, dishes or china, linens and silverware.
• Accents of flowers and fresh small plants or herbs make inexpensive centrepieces and add colour to your brunch table.
• Don't forget cocktails. You can serve spicy Bloody Marys or mimosas made with a variety of juices.
Dreamy Lemon Cheesecake
Makes 12 servings
Baking the cheesecake in a water bath helps prevent the top from cracking. And if it does crack, no worries. The top is covered with a layer of lemon curd. You can use lemon curd from the store or make your own. Before making this cheesecake, make sure all the ingredients are at room temperature.
2 1/2 cups crushed cream-filled lemon sandwich cookies (such as Lemon Oreo Sandwich Cookies) (about 25 cookies)
2 1/2 tablespoons salted butter, melted
5 packages (8 ounces each) cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
2 tbsp all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
1 tbsp lemon zest plus 5 tbsp fresh juice (about 2 large lemons)
2 tbsp heavy whipping cream
Yellow food colouring gel paste
1 cup lemon curd (recipe follows or use store-bought)
Prep time: one hour; total time: three hours (plus cooling and overnight chilling time)
Preheat oven to 350 F. Wrap the outside of a lightly greased 9-inch shiny springform pan in a double layer of heavy-duty aluminum foil.
Stir together crushed cookies and melted butter in a bowl. Press onto bottom of prepared pan.
Bake until lightly browned, seven to eight minutes. Cool on a wire rack until ready to use. Reduce oven temperature to 325 F.
In a mixer bowl, beat cream cheese on medium speed until creamy, about five minutes. Gradually add the sugar and flour, beating until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, beating just until yellow disappears after each addition. Add egg yolks, one at a time, beating just until yellow disappears after each addition. Stir in lemon zest, lemon juice and heavy cream.
Place three cups of the batter in a medium bowl. Using a wooden pick, add a small amount of food colouring gel paste to the three cups of batter. Stir until batter is pale yellow, adding more gel paste if necessary.
Dollop half of untinted batter into prepared crust. Dollop half of pale yellow-tinted batter on top of untinted batter dollops. Swirl together, using a small knife, to create a marbled look. Repeat procedure with remaining halves of untinted and pale yellow-tinted batters. Place springform pan in a roasting pan. Add boiling water to reach about halfway upsides of springform pan.
Bake until centre is almost set but still slightly wobbly, 70 to 90 minutes. Turn off oven and let cheesecake stand in oven with door partially open for one hour.
Remove cheesecake from roasting pan and water bath, and place on wire rack. Cool completely, about two hours. Cover with plastic wrap, using wooden picks to prevent plastic wrap from touching top of cheesecake. Chill eight to 24 hours.
Gently run a knife around outer edge of cheesecake to loosen from sides of pan. Remove sides of pan. Spread top with 1 cup Lemon Curd.
Adapted from Southern Living magazine, February 2017 issue.
Lemon Curd
Makes about 3 cups
This lemon curd will keep up to two weeks in the refrigerator.
1/2 cup salted butter, softened
2 cups granulated sugar
4 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
1 tablespoon lemon zest, plus 1 cup fresh juice (about 4 large lemons)
Beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed until blended, about 45 seconds. Add eggs and egg yolks, one at a time, beating just until blended after each addition. Gradually add lemon juice to butter mixture, beating at low speed just until blended. Stir in zest. (Mixture will look curdled.)
Transfer mixture to a heavy 4-quart saucepan and cook, whisking constantly, over medium-low until mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon, 14 to 16 minutes.
Transfer curd to a bowl and place plastic wrap directly on warm curd (to prevent a film from forming). Chill until firm, about four hours.
Prep time: 30 minutes; total time: 45 minutes (plus chilling time)
Salted Caramel Bacon Bread Pudding
Makes 8 servings
Brace yourself. This is the ultimate bread pudding. It's sweet, salty and savoury all in one bite. You'll get at least eight servings out of the recipe, and you can easily cut the pieces into appetizer-size portions. Be sure to use bread that's several days old so it's dry. You can also dry bread in the oven at 300 F for 20 to 30 minutes.
Salted Caramel Sauce
2 cups cane or granulated sugar
1/4 cup water
8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into chunks
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
Bread Pudding
7 large eggs
1 cup packed light brown sugar
2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 tsp vanilla extract
10 to 12 brioche rolls (dinner roll size), 2 days old, cut into 2-inch cubes (or use other favourite rolls)
1/4 cup finely chopped cooked bacon, plus 4 to 6 strips cooked thick-cut bacon for garnish
Sea salt to taste
Prep time: 30 minutes, total time: two hours (not all active time)
To make caramel sauce: In a heavy-bottomed saucepan with a lid, combine the sugar and ¼ cup water. Stir gently until mixture is consistency of wet sand. Cover and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. Uncover, reduce heat to low and cook until sugar begins to caramelize and take on colour of dark honey.
Remove from heat and stir in butter with a long-handled whisk. When the butter is fully melted, stir in 1 cup cream and finish with ½ teaspoon sea salt. Let sauce cool for 20 minutes before tasting or using. The sauce will keep in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to one month.
To make bread pudding: In large bowl, whisk eggs, brown sugar, whipping cream and vanilla until completely combined. Add bread cubes and chopped bacon and toss to let bread soak up egg mixture. Lightly press bread mixture into the bowl. Cover surface of bread mixture with plastic and set it aside to rest for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 F. Butter a 9- by 13-inch baking pan (metal preferred). Spread ¼ cup caramel sauce on bottom of pan, followed by half the bread mixture, then ¼ cup caramel sauce, a pinch of sea salt, then the rest of the bread mixture, and another pinch of sea salt. Drizzle ¼ cup caramel sauce on top. Cover and bake for 30 minutes, then uncover and back 30 minutes more. Serve any extra caramel sauce on the side.
Adapted from "Egg Shop, the Cookbook," by Nick Korbee (William Morrow, $35.)
Asparagus Fontina Tart
Makes 6 servings
You can also cut this tart into smaller squares and serve it as an appetizer.
Flour, for work surface
1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed
5 1/2 ounces (2 cups) Fontina or Gruyère cheese, shredded
1 1/2 pounds medium asparagus
1 tablespoon olive oil
Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
Prep time: 15 minutes; total time: 45 minutes
Preheat oven to 400 F. On a floured surface, roll the puff pastry into a 16-inch-by-10-inch rectangle. Trim uneven edges. Place pastry on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. With a sharp knife, lightly score pastry dough 1 inch in from the edges to mark a rectangle. Using a fork, pierce dough inside the markings at ½-inch intervals.
Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Remove pastry shell from oven and sprinkle with the cheese. Trim the bottoms of the asparagus spears to fit crosswise inside the tart shell; arrange in a single layer over Gruyère, alternating ends and tips. Brush with oil, and season with salt and pepper.
Bake until spears are tender, 20 to 25 minutes.
Adapted from www.marthastewart.com.
Ham, Leek and Mushroom Quiche
Makes 6 servings
1 pastry crust for a 9-inch deep-dish pie pan
1 egg white
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup sliced leeks (about 2 leeks, white and light-green parts only, washed well)
2 cups chopped ham
1/2 cup diced red bell pepper
2 cups sliced cremini mushrooms
4 large eggs
1 1/2 cups fat-free or regular half-and-half
1 tbsp Dijon mustard
1 tbsp cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
1/2 tsp salt
1 1/2 cups favourite shredded cheese, divided
3 green onions, washed, thinly sliced
Preparation time: 20 minutes; total time: 1 hour 20 minutes
Preheat oven to 375 F, with rack in the lowest position. Fit the pie crust into a 9-inch pie plate and flute a high edge. Brush the bottom of the crust with egg white. Fit another pie pan into the crust to hold it in so it doesn't shrink. Bake for eight to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add the leeks, ham and red pepper and sauté about three minutes. Add the mushrooms and sauté until they release their liquid and the liquid evaporates, about three to five minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.
In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, half-and-half, Dijon, cornstarch, pepper and salt.
Remove the pie crust from the oven. Sprinkle 1 cup of the cheese on the bottom of the crust and top with the ham mixture. Pour egg mixture on top. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and green onions.
Bake until centre of quiche is just set, about 45 to 50 minutes. If the edges start to get too brown, cover them with pieces of foil.
Remove from oven and let stand 15 minutes before slicing and serving.
Per serving: 435 calories (54 per cent from fat), 26 grams fat (11 g saturated fat), 22 g carbohydrates, 26 g protein, 344 mg sodium, 208 mg cholesterol, 1 g fibre.
SPRINGFIELD -- Nathanial Ramos, 18, on Tuesday admitted he was responsible in the fatal shooting of Demarcus Johnson in Springfield in 2014.
Ramos was 15 when he hit Johnson in the head with his gun during an attempted robbery. The gun went off at the time and the bullet went into Johnson's skull and brain, Assistant District Attorney Max Bennett said.
Superior Court Judge Constance M. Sweeney, sitting in Juvenile Court, accepted Ramos' admission of guilt as a youthful offender. The language used in court was that Ramos was "adjudicated" as a youthful offender for involuntary manslaughter.
The law requires a pretrial sentencing report for youthful offenders be prepared by the state probation department before sentencing. Bennett and defense lawyer Jeffrey Brown are recommending the same sentence of 20 to 22 years.
The first part will be served as a commitment to the state Department of Youth Services, and at age 21 custody will be transferred to the state Department of Corrections.
Sentencing will be July 9 at 2 p.m. Ramos, of Springfield, also admitted to the crimes of carrying a weapon illegally and armed assault with intent to rob.
Johnson, 38, of East Hartford, Connecticut, was found with a gunshot wound to his head shortly before 5 a.m. on Sept. 7, 2014, near the corner of Overlook Drive and Island Pond Road in East Forest Park. He died two days later in Baystate Medical Center.
Four people had been charged with murder in Johnson's death. Murder charges were dropped against Radames Llanos, 16 at the time of the shooting; Doris Pessolano, 35; and Shacolby Merriman, 27. The three still face charges in relation to the attempted robbery of Johnson.
Bennett said in the early morning hours the day of the crime, Ramos was in a car driven by Merriman, with Llanos as another passenger. They went to a gas station to meet Pessolano, a drug dealer who lived next store to Ramos.
Pessolano offered to talk to a man who had just pulled into the gas station to find out what he had to steal. Pessolano and Johnson decided to go somewhere more secluded to "do drugs and party," Bennett said.
Ramos, Llanos and Merriman planned to follow Johnson and Pessolano and rob Johnson. Ramos and Llanos ran to Johnson's car.
"The defendant then pointed the gun at Demarcus Johnson and demanded that he empty his pockets. ... After change was emptied out of the victim's pockets and a watch was taken from his body, the defendant struck Mr. Johnson in the head with his gun. Immediately following that contact the gun discharged directly into the top of Mr. Johnson's head," Bennett said.
A group of Ramos' family members, including his mother, were in the courtroom.
On the other side were family members of Johnson, including his wife and mother.
Bennett read a victim impact statement from Donya Johnson, Demarcus Johnson's wife and the mother of their twin boys.
She wrote, "Ethan and Julian were just 3 years old when he passed. They loved him impossibly -- playing, talking and laughing with him. ... My heart bleeds for these sweet children.
"Understand that this tragedy is a life-changing event for us. It has rocked us to the core and will greatly affect me and my children for many many years," she wrote. "It is my hope and wish that the ones responsible for Demarcus' death will have adequate time to reflect on their deeds and eventually recognize the everlasting pain it has caused my family."
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Wajid Aminu scored 20 points, Noah Horchler and JT Escobar added 19 points each and North Florida held off Stetson 97-91 Saturday night.
Aminu was 5 of 6 from the line in the last 3:46 as Stetson threatened. He also converted a three-point play with 1:08 remaining that pushed the Ospreys lead to 89-83.
Escobar was also clutch at the free-throw line, making 6 of 6 in the last 1:44.
North Florida (11-15, 5-4 Atlantic Sun) shot 64 per cent from the field (33 of 52) and converted 22 of 29 free throws. The Ospreys won the battle of the boards 38-22.
In the latest sign of intense demand for stable, well-positioned assets in Doral, Terra's Doral Commons retail plaza has traded hands to Jamestown, L.P. The 140,000-square-foot center is 95 percent leased, with a tenant roster anchored by Publix Supermarket alongside TJ Maxx, Citibank, GNC, AT&T Wireless, McDonald's, and others.
According to public record, Miami-based Terra sold the shopping center to Jamestown for $72 million – turning a nice profit off a property that's 95 percent leased.
Situated at the high-volume intersection of northwest 74th St. and 107th Ave., the Doral Commons property was initially part of a 100-acre tract acquired by Terra co-founders David and Pedro Martin in 2012. Terra subdivided the land into commercial and residential uses and completed the construction of Doral Commons in 2015. The firm's 319-home Modern Doral development is located directly next-door to the retail center.
“The commercial growth underway in Doral is one of the most exciting stories playing out in South Florida's real estate landscape,” says David Martin, president and co-founder of Terra.
“Rising demand for retail, office and industrial real estate is being fueled by a growing residential population, the City's desirable lifestyle, and improving infrastructure and transit options. Terra developed Doral Commons with the goal of attracting a tenant mix that would meet the everyday needs of nearby residents, and the success of that formula ultimately led to this sale.”
The Doral Commons sale coincides with a surge of retail leasing activity in Doral which is creating heightened demand among sophisticated investors such as Jamestown. According to Mark Gilbert, Executive Managing Director of Cushman & Wakefield's South Florida capital markets team, who represented Terra in the transaction, “This is a case of Terra taking a forward-looking approach to acquiring a site, recognizing a void in the market, and creating value through execution and leasing.”
Gilbert continued, “Doral's retail occupancy rate is in the 98 percent range, according to our firm's latest retail report, and that number should hold given Doral has become a live-work-play community and remains one of the most dynamic markets in the Southeast. The fact that Doral is one of the fastest-growing cities in the Southeast is special, but it's the quality of residential and employment growth that makes it a must-own market for institutional investors.”
With a residential population approaching 60,000, an average daytime population that eclipses 100,000, 250 corporate headquarters, and more than 100 multi-national companies doing business within City limits, Doral is among Florida's fastest-growing communities.
About Terra: South Florida-based real estate development and investment firm Terra's portfolio includes luxury high-rises, single-family homes, townhouses, retail shopping centers, office space, distribution centers, and multifamily apartments. Terra's history of development also includes Neovita and Modern at Doral. Learn more at www.terragroup.com.
About Jamestown: Jamestown, LP, is an investment and management company with $11.2 billion of assets currently under management. Jamestown's capabilities include acquisitions, capital markets, property management, asset management, retail leasing, design, sustainability, and risk management. For information, visit www.jamestownlp.com.
A customer has left a hilariously scathing review of the toilets at Sheffield IKEA after one of the most 'uncomfortable experiences' of his life.
Neil Taylor visited the huge new IKEA store on Tinsley Road on Wednesday, October 4, when he decided he needed a quick bathroom break.
IKEA - Picture: Marisa Cashill
However, whilst he was sat on the toilet he was left 'bewildered' when his toilet randomly began flushing.
Mr Taylor said he had not flushed his own toilet but was soon 'horrified' to learn that it was his toilet that was flushing.
A video, taken by Mr Taylor, reveals that the toilets at Sheffield IKEA are motion sensitive and will be flushed whenever a hand is near it.
But, as the video shows, it seems that the motion detectors are slightly too sensitive, causing the toilet to flush without Mr Taylor's knowledge.
Mr Taylor jokingly said he felt 'slightly violated and rather damp' in a hilarious review he posted to IKEA on Facebook, which you can read in full here.
The video has since gone viral on Facebook, being shared more than 1,300 times and liked by 2,600 people.
An IKEA spokesperson decided to reply to Mr Taylor's entertaining post and thanked him for the message.
Connor, from IKEA, said: "After taking a few minutes to walk outside and contemplate my life choices; I've come back to say thank you for your message.
"We're elated that you're enjoying the new store, despite some hiccups which will get ironed out in the coming weeks, minus the diam cake; if we iron that it's just going to make a bigger mess than our facilities have made to your bits and pieces.
"I hope that your highly lively description of your experience using the facilities is the standard for you, if not then for you own health you may want to consult your local GP.
"I have taken the liberty of forwarding a copy of your message onto store in the hope that there is a way to decrease how sensitive these sensors are.
"My only concern was with your description of our new store being a temple. If I saw someone kneeling down in store, praying to a KALLAX or a BILLY; I'd give them a wide berth.
"Thanks again for taking the time to recall your tale. If you can drop me a PM in your own time, that would be grand."
A must-have toy this Christmas is flying off the shelves faster than they can make it, after thousands of children asked Santa - for UNICORN POO.
The sparkly slime-like substance is one of the most popular toys this festive season, as the popularity of slime-related videos on YouTube has soared.
Britain's main manufacturer of unicorn poo, H Grossman Ltd, say they are struggling to keep up with demand for the glittery slime.
Company director Martin Grossman said: "Unicorn poo is rare stuff, a bit like hens teeth.
"It's been amazing that we have sold nearly half a million pots of the stuff.
"Of course, we know where all the wild, free-range unicorns live, and in January I will be bringing even more pots of Unicorn Poo complete with little unicorns inside."
So far the company have sold almost a tonne of the 99p pots of sparkly poop.
PANAMA'S pirate buses, loosely labeled “alternative transport” are slowly disappearing from the streets of Panama's capital, according to the Transit Authority (ATTT),
That includes the noise and air polluting “diablos rojos” (red devils) whose clouds of black diesel smoke appear to have been overlooked by city authorities who claim to be dedicated to improving the environment in the streets of the metropolitan area.
The application, since October, of an Executive Decree 273, reforming traffic regulations has led to 100 sanctions for piracy. But previous experience shows that many miscreants accumulate fines like winning riders at a horse show decorating their trailers with ribbons.
ATTT, director Julio González, told La Prensa that the operations to get the buses, off the roads are achieving “good results”. He said that the executive decree means that those who provide service on other than an established route must pay a minimum penalty of between $1,000 and $2,250, while those using unauthorized vehicles will pay fines ranging from $1,000 to $ 5,000.
Tomasito López, the leader of the Union of Drivers of Collective Transport (Sicotrac), said that they are in agreement that buses that have already been compensated for being taken out of circulation.
He assured that the buses of Sicotrac, Transporte del Futuro, S.A. (Transfusa) and the
Cooperativa de San Cristóbal, which brings together 1,300 alternative buses, recognized
by an agreement with the ATTT will operate until the Mi Bus company strengthens its fleet. The decree, says illegal transportation services must disappear in a maximum of 14 months. Keep your fingers crossed
ALAMEDA, Calif. — Raiders quarterback Derek Carr was limited for a second consecutive practice Friday and coach Jack Del Rio declined to say what, if any, role Carr will have this weekend against the Baltimore Ravens.
Carr broke a bone in his back late in the third quarter of Oakland's 16-10 loss in Denver this past Sunday. He was initially diagnosed with back spasms but the injury was later revealed to be a transverse process fracture.
Earlier this week, Del Rio indicated that Carr would miss the Baltimore game and possibly up to six weeks but the fourth-year quarterback was cleared for light practice Thursday and Friday and is listed as questionable.
Carr leads a long list of players on the injury list. Del Rio declined to discuss any of them.
"Before you even have to ask, there are a lot of question marks on the injury report and that's what they are," Del Rio said. "I'm not going to really talk about injuries and what we may and may not do or who we may or may not play or when and all that kind of stuff, when we're going to utilize people. Not going to get into all of that.
"We do have a number of people who are questionable. We have time before we tee it up. They'll remain a question mark until we make the final decision."
The Raiders have already named EJ Manuel as the starter for Sunday. The 16th overall pick in 2013, Manuel has started seven games since his rookie season and will be tasked with trying to jump-start an offence that has been held to 10 points in each of the last two weeks.
"I've been in this situation before even when I was in college," Manuel said. "Then when I was in Buffalo, when Tyrod (Taylor) became the starter, still just being ready as the backup. It kind of puts me in familiar territory."
Connor Cook, a fourth-round draft pick in 2016, also is on the roster but has been inactive in each of Oakland's first four games.
The Raiders have been mostly quiet regarding Carr's status this week, although left tackle Donald Penn told reporters Thursday that the quarterback was ahead of schedule in his recovery.
100th anniversary of apparitions at Fatima
July 13 prayer for peace
St. Eustachius Church, Portageville
A photo gallery of this event may be found HERE. Photos by Dean Curtis/The Mirror
Bishop Edward M. Rice on Our Lady of Fatima:
This year marks the 100th anniversary of Our Lady's appearance to the three shepherd children in Fatima, Portugal: St. Francisco de Jesus Marto (June 11, 1908-April 4, 1919), his sister St. Jacinta de Jesus Marto (March 11, 1910-Feb. 20, 1920), and their cousin Lúcia Santos (1907–2005).
Together, Our Lady appeared on six different occasions between May and October. Dressed in white and “brighter than the sun,” Mary warned the children of the dire consequences if the world continued to reject God. Six popes have since proclaimed her specific and decisive call to conversion and repentance. Pope Francis, who dedicated his papacy to Our Lady of Fatima in 2013 and who consecrated the world to her, recently visited Fatima for the anniversary.
At its core, the message of Fatima is this: without God we walk in darkness. And in this day of rising atheism, the darkness has intensified. To counter that darkness, Our Lady asked the three shepherds to pray and sacrifice. She also requests the same of us—to offer our sufferings to the Lord for the sake of sinners and to pray the rosary each day to bring about peace. Each of us is invited to do our part for the salvation of the world through prayer and reparation. That was the message of her first appearance on May 13, 1917.
Second apparition
At the second apparition, Mary taught the shepherds the prayer for the end of each decade, “O my Jesus, forgive us our sins. Save us from the fires of hell. Lead all souls to heaven, especially those in most need of Thy mercy.” The anniversary of that particular apparition was June 13.
The July 13 apparition includes the secret of Fatima in three parts. While there is much speculation on these “secrets,” it does involve war, consecration, and persecution. Again, the response to these secrets is praying the rosary. Regarding the secrets, Sr. Lucia, in 2005 stated, “Don't dwell on the miracles and secrets: We are going to be judged on the Ten Commandments when we die. We must stop offending God. We must know God.”
Rosary for peace
Prior to the fourth apparition, Aug. 19, the children were kidnapped, imprisoned, and threatened with death unless they recanted their words about the “beautiful Lady.” Our Lady urges us to “Pray, pray, very much … Make sacrifices for sinners.” Continuing that same message, with the fifth apparition, Sept. 13, Mary continues to urge us to pray the rosary for peace.
Finally, in the sixth apparition, the anniversary of which is on Oct. 13, 70,000 gathered and witnessed the “miracle of the sun.” It was then that Our Lady stated that she was Our Lady of the Rosary. She called people to amend their lives and ask pardon for their sins: “They must not offend Our Lord anymore, for He is already too much offended.”
Mary's message to the children at Fatima was essentially a call to conversion, faith, prayer, penance, and hope. In fact, St. John Paul II summarized the message of Fatima with his words, “Mary's message at Fatima can be synthesized in these clear, initial words of Christ: “The kingdom of God is at hand. Repent, and believe in the Gospel” (Mk 1:15).
Reparation
The idea of offering sacrifices for a spiritual good no doubt seems a bit foreign in our materialistic, comfort-driven culture. Pope Benedict XVI addressed this situation in his 2007 encyclical on hope: “There used to be a form of devotion … that included the idea of ‘offering up' the minor, daily hardships that continually strike at us … giving them meaning.” Reparation is an act of love to God to help compensate for someone's failure or refusal to love. When a person offers some good deed or act of self-denial as reparation to God, he is saying, “God, I love you” in order to make up for an offense against God when someone else says, “God, I do not love you.”
Mary's message teaches us to make sacrifices for sinners, to offer penance, and to pray the rosary every day. Pope Francis put it this way on May 13, 2017, when we offer sacrifices for others, we have the opportunity “to offer yourself to God.”
The angel prayer, now attached to the rosary says it so well, “My God I believe, I adore, I trust, and I love Thee. I beg pardon for those who do not believe, do not adore, do not trust, and do not love Thee.”
On May 13, 1981, the anniversary of Fatima, Pope John Paul II was shot in St. Peter's Square by Ali Agca, a Turkish assassin. The Pope would go on to say, “One hand shot the gun. It was a mother's hand that guided the bullet's path.” That bullet is now part of Our Lady's crown.
Spiritual weaponry
We are not powerless against the evils of our world. Looking around at the chaos, violence, and what seems to be the degradation of our society with immorality, we have the weapons needed to engage the battle—the rosary.
In a letter to Cardinal Caffarra, Sr. Lucia said, “The final battle between the Lord and the reign of Satan will be about marriage and the family.” Could it be that we are just in the beginning stages of that battle? While some do not prefer such militaristic imagery, the reality is we have been given the weapons for the battle—the rosary. To quote Pope Pius IX, “Give me an army saying the rosary and I will conquer the world.”
When all seems dark and the powers beyond our control are on the verge of overwhelming us, we know what to do. It might seem simple and maybe even childish or naïve, but the answer is the rosary, the scapular, prayer, and penance.
Our Lady of Fatima, pray for us.
Humans respond to color: eighty-five percent of people say color is the primary reason they buy a certain product, according to research from the Pantone Color Institute. We respond to color emotionally and viscerally.
But how does color respond to you as a designer? Can you bend color to your design intentions?
A recent report from the CMO Council identified responsiveness as the new requirement for brand success. What is responsiveness? And how can you increase your responsiveness amidst the complex role you play as an artist and designer?
Responsiveness is the ability to quickly, efficiently and accurately make changes to your work based on changes in trend, customer feedback or needs. The designer is the gatekeeper to responsiveness. Designers can be more successful by responding to what's going on in the market, making them more relevant by executing faster, more frequent changes to their lines. Another word for responsiveness that we hear a lot today is agility. You know you are using color with agility when you can make changes rapidly and confidently.
In order for teams to move as quick as fast fashion, communication has to be strong and specific. You can help by making communication among your team clearer and faster using common standards. I see that this capability is now increasingly valuable to designers demonstrating leadership and creating in a world of endless choices and variables.
Let's look at what designers need to respond to, what gets in the way of responding quickly, and what you can do to become more responsive yourself as well as help your team grow in their capability to be more responsive, loosely taking some inspiration from David Bowie.
Four Sources of Changes
Trend and taste. Our world is ever-evolving. With every Fashion Week comes a new set of expectations to meet, a new palette of hot hues (and faux pas). Whether it's a seasonal trend (the ubiquitous pumpkin spice) a color trend (like the Color of the Year: Greenery), or a sustainability trend (is this fabric upcycled?), the zeitgeist creates an impetus to update designs and stay current.
Physical materials. The ability to change your mind when you've found something better is always a key advantage. So, whether you change the fabric to drape differently, the cut to express your concept better, the color to reflect the new emotion you're trying to capture, or the print because it's just perfect, you need the ability to adapt in order to produce your designs according to your intentions, and quickly, across different materials. These are always changing, chasing trends.
Your customer and consumer base. The people who wear your designs expect to see new items regularly that are on trend. The faster you respond to seasonal, cultural, or color changes, the more confident they will feel with the relevance of your work. Your buyers will also feel more satisfied in your working relationship. And let's face it, a buyer will always have their own preferences, and there might be times that you actually want to accommodate those preferences. In those situations, you'll need responsive capabilities in order to seal a deal.
Physical/digital shifts. When you don't have to worry about producing a physical product, when you design entirely in the digital realm, being responsive means you can easily convert what you see in the physical world into a digital equivalent that captures the experience you envision and brings it to life on-screen. However, as in fashion and graphic arts, the ability to shift between the digital and physical is another demonstration of responsiveness. Translating a digital design into physical materials and processes can be significantly more complex, and there are precise tools available today to assist in this transition.
Challenges to Responsiveness
Language. To work faster you have to speak the right lingo, sew from the same pattern. But color is emotional and hard to describe. You need a language for color, and when you and all the partners that produce your finished work communicate using the same language, your team gains an assurance that what they create on your behalf will meet your expectations.
Technical knowledge. Many designers aren't eager to visit a dye house or the other industrial places their materials are made. Eighty-four percent of designers have moderate to no knowledge of how color is manufactured and if specific colors are achievable using specific techniques on specific materials. Besides, you may not WANT to know how the soup is made, you might just want to order the soup and enjoy the way it feels, smells, and tastes.
Managing complexity. Even with years of experience and knowledge of color manufacturing, keeping all of the complexities and dependencies straight in your mind can be a daunting task. Managing color across digital and physical specifications requires computations difficult to keep in your head. Hasn't someone figured all this stuff out and made it available in a cheat-sheet yet? Can we automate that please?
How We Can Be Heroes (for one day and beyond) To tame color and become more responsive, you can partner with color experts who are sensitive to both color trends and the achievability of color. Apparel designers and textile designers need tools that help in both of these areas to maximize relevance. Use tools that show you how different colors can be achieved on different materials so you can anticipate results. Speak the language that the industry speaks. Do these things and you'll increase your responsiveness, capitalizing on fast-moving trends before they are considered last season's.
What can designers do to improve responsiveness?
Define and specify a common color goal for all your team members using the standards already used by textile manufacturers or other manufacturers of color.
Set a clear, achievable standard for consistent color on different materials, and even across different partners.
Anticipate and adapt to meet color challenges posed by different materials in the front end of design, using color achievability tools.
Responsiveness is the new requirement. How will you adapt the way you're working to meet and exceed it?
Adrián Fernández is a general manager at Pantone, the language of color for graphic arts, textiles, and products. He has a passion for addressing key color challenges and a thorough understanding of the value chain from brands and designers to manufacturers to retail partners.
The software used for facilitating medical practice management majorly is utilized by various healthcare businesses for a variety of tasks. These tasks can range from simply booking appointments for patients to complex activities such as preparation of periodic reports. It is highly important for medical practitioners to properly manage every practice selected, consequently aiming to provide efficient solutions.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1155
The medical practice management software market also plays a crucial role in amalgamating electronic health records with provision of interoperability solutions, and assisting overall practice management process. Multi-tenant SaaS platforms, cloud platforms, and even single database platforms are provided by most practice management software programs.
The global medical practice management software market could be segmented on the basis of product type, end users, components, distribution channel, supply mode, and region. Each of these segments is expected to be outlined in significant detail in the report. Competitive landscapes, the newest trends and future opportunities, geographical dominance, and several other aspects have been covered in-depth in the report. Expert analysts have compiled the report on the global medical practice management software market using primary as well as secondary research data.
The report covers a broad picture of various driving as well as restraining factors affecting the market. The drivers are expected to pose as key insights for businesses working in this market. In this way, the businesses can change their tactics and strategies according to such driving factors, consequently increasing the chances of attracting more revenue.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1155
Rapidly advancing healthcare sectors demand utilization of smart medical practices, thus primarily driving the global medical practice management software market. Use of these management software program has proven to provide high return on investments, thus increasing their preference among businesses. Favorable initiatives by government agencies such as funding and grants in different countries has also encouraged businesses situated here to expand their services provided through the software programs. From an overall perspective, the global medical practice management software market is mainly being driven due to a rise in patient healthcare awareness and a rise in demand for maintaining better health among the masses.
This market is mainly spread across North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Rest of the World, as chief regional segments. Of these, a strong healthcare infrastructure and high rate of adoption of modern medical technologies in North America has made this region attract maximum growth in the market. Extensive funding provided by private as well as governmental agencies to key businesses for developing their products has also caused a widespread development in this region.
The vendor landscape of this market showcases an intense competition, mainly due to the presence of well-established players. McKesson, Sage Group, eClinicalWorks, NextGen Healthcare, MediTouch, and AthenaHealth, are a few key players operating in this market. With a burgeoning healthcare industry, the competition is expected to get tougher in forthcoming years.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=1155
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
The Windrush scandal has exposed one of the “cruellest examples of unaccountable state power targeting the vulnerable”, a Yorkshire MP has claimed, as Ministers faced fresh calls to provide legal aid to victims.
Shadow justice secretary and Leeds MP Richard Burgon took to the despatch box today to demand free legal advice be offered as he branded current immigration law “complex and unintelligible”.
I was disappointed yesterday to hear the Home Secretary say that people affected by the Windrush scandal will have no need for lawyers. I'm sure the Justice Secretary will understand why the words the Home Secretary used won't do. Richard Burgon
Justice Secretary David Gauke, speaking in the Commons, refused to commit to fund legal advice for those affected - instead telling MPs that a compensation scheme had been set up which would go to “those who deserve it”.
The demands follow revelations that long-term residents who settled in the UK from the late 1940s to early 1970s had wrongly been identified as illegal immigrants.
Andrew Vine: Windrush saga lays bare our immigration muddle
People who had arrived in the UK before 1973 were automatically granted indefinite leave to remain but the Home Office did not keep a record of those allowed to stay or any documentation confirming their status.
While many of those who arrived have taken British citizenship or have official documents proving their status, others have struggled to source paperwork demonstrating they are lawfully resident.
Mr Burgon, speaking during justice questions, said: “The Windrush scandal is one of the cruellest examples of unaccountable state power targeting the vulnerable, the defenceless and the innocent that I can ever remember.”
He added: “I was disappointed yesterday to hear the Home Secretary say that people affected by the Windrush scandal will have no need for lawyers. I'm sure the Justice Secretary will understand why the words the Home Secretary used won't do.
“So, will the Justice Secretary guarantee today that all those put in this kind of situation will have access to the necessary legal advice to help them when they most need it?”
Mr Gauke responded: “The Home Secretary set out a comprehensive plan yesterday about how we will make this process much easier for those who have been affected by this issue.
Windrush scandal: Yorkshire ex-Minister Baroness Warsi blasts Government's “unhealthy obsession with numbers”
“They are going to be able to obtain British citizenship for example much more easily, those who have retired back to another country are able to come here without great difficulties with visas, and so on.
“The Home Secretary has also set out how we're going put in place a compensation arrangement to ensure that there is compensation for those who deserve it.”
On Monday, Home Secretary Amber Rudd announced an emergency package of measures designed to resolve the crisis.
Under the plans, thousands of people who arrived from the Commonwealth will be offered the chance to obtain British citizenship free of charge and without the requirement to take language tests.
A major exercise has also been launched the check no-one has been wrongly deported, and the Home Office is preparing a compensation scheme for those affected by the failings.
You'll see/ hear about their relationship to each other, which matters here. Also, spend enough time with the eldest son to assess his general well-being.
Example: If he has health issues different from the others, you may feel his need for knowing his genetic background must be considered.
Your task requires time and sensitivity. Just dropping the news abruptly to relieve your own conscience about knowing it, could be very disruptive to his life.
Is being alone OK?
Q. I'm 43, divorced two years after a 12-year marriage. My son, age 11, is with me 50 per cent of the time. I have a great relationship with my ex-husband.
I'm introverted and a little socially awkward. I love my alone time, reading, watching TV, doing small home repairs. I visit my parents twice weekly. At work, I'm around people so I have some social contact.
But I don't really have friends. Online dating wasn't my thing. Not having friends or a man in my life doesn't usually bother me. However, some family members are worried about me. They question what I do for fun.
I've been invited to my brother and sister-in-law's home because I "need to get out" of my house more (their reason). This feels more like a pity invite.
I'm getting annoyed with digs about how am I going to meet friends or a man? Should I actually be listening to them? Is Being Alone OK?
A. You're obviously wondering yourself if solitude is good for you long-term.
Your son, as he approaches his teens, may likely be going out with friends, even during his time with you. His absence may make you feel more alone sometimes. However, your only social goal doesn't have to be dating.
Look to your own interests regarding getting out. Reading can be shared through joining a book club. A walking group can give you a limited period of sociability without requiring long, intense conversations.
Such outings are a way to show yourself and your family that you're not living isolated … and hopefully stop their well-meant worrying about you.
Letter oozes with judgment and condemnation
Feedback: Regarding the husband considering leaving his wife because of her sexuality (Feb. 23):
Reader: "His description of her sex life before marriage oozes with judgment and condemnation.
"The wife has likely picked up on this, especially his disgust over a (debatable) college "orgy" and rightly has hidden that side of herself.
"She knows he'll never accept her previous sexual experiences and will judge her and probably divorce her.
"If this man cannot accept things that happened prior to their relationship, he cannot continue being married to her.
"It's wholly unfair for her to have to live with this judgment for the rest of her married life."
Feedback: Regarding the insulting step-mother-in-law (Feb. 25):
Reader: "The writer's wife called his son's dying wife a "sex worker."
"It took this father five years to even "think" that was a mistake.
"He and his wife are fortunate they weren't sued by his son and late daughter-in-law for slander."
ellieadvice.com
ellieadvice.com
Britain will go to the polls on June 8 - just two years after we last voted in a general election
Theresa May took the rare step of announcing a 'snap' general election just after 11am this morning. With criticism of the Conservative Party's approach to Brexit mounting within Westminster, the prime minister has taken the opportunity to try and reinforce her government's mandate. It's a political gamble - Ted Heath infamously lost a general election he called in February 1974, in the midst of the three-day week crisis and a series of miners' strikes. Was May right to call the election? Vote in our poll:
RB D'Andre Swift. While playing behind seniors Nick Chubb and Sony Michel, Swift was Georgia's third-leading rusher with 618 yards and fourth on the team with 17 catches (more than Chubb and Michel combined) for 153 yards. He led the team with 88 yards rushing and a touchdown in an SEC championship game win over Auburn.
KENUCKY
RB A.J. Rose. The Wildcats hope Rose can complement two-time, 1,000-yard rusher Benny Snell in the backfield next season. Rose, a redshirt sophomore, rushed just 15 times for 37 yards last season but showed big-play potential with 134 yards and three touchdowns in the spring game.
LSU
WR Justin Jefferson. The younger brother of former LSU QB Jordan Jefferson and DB Rickey Jefferson caught a 94-yard touchdown pass during the spring game and may have played himself into a bigger role next fall.
OLE MISS
LB Detric Bing-Dukes. Linebacker has been a big problem for Ole Miss the past few seasons and the Rebels are still searching for solutions. Coaches praised Bing-Dukes as a leader throughout the spring. The 6-foot-1, 254-pound senior had 24 tackles last season and will need to be much more productive next fall.
MISSISSIPPI ST
WR Austin Williams. The 6-foot-3, 205-pound Williams caught four passes for 61 yards and a touchdown during Mississippi State's spring game, capping off an impressive stretch of practices. The redshirt freshman could provide an immediate upgrade for the Bulldogs, who sometimes struggled to gain big chunks of yards through the air last season.
MISSOURI
WR Nate Brown. The senior has battled injuries since emerging as one of Missouri's top receiving threats as a sophomore during the 2015 season. However, the 6-foot-3, 210-pound Brown was healthy during the spring and showed the potential to become a top target for quarterback Drew Lock this fall.
SOUTH CAROLINA
RB Ty'son Williams. The North Carolina transfer debuted for South Carolina last fall, but often struggled to find running room. Still, he finished second on the team with 471 yards. The 6-foot Williams had a strong spring, an encouraging sign that he'll be able to improve on those numbers this fall.
TENNESSEE
DE Kyle Phillips. The former five-star recruit heads into his senior season with only three career sacks. Injuries limited him early in his career. He played all 12 games last season and made seven starts but had just 4 1/2 tackles for loss and two sacks. But there's reason to believe the son of Tennessee State athletic director Teresa Phillips could deliver a breakthrough in his final season of eligibility with Tennessee's switch to a 3-4 scheme under new coach and former Alabama defensive co-ordinator Jeremy Pruitt.
TEXAS A&M
TE Jace Sternberger. The junior college transfer had eight catches for 147 yards and two touchdowns in the spring game. That kind of production would be a welcome change for the Aggies, who didn't get much production from the tight end spot last year.
VANDBERBILT
RBs Ke'Shawn Vaughn and Jamauri Wakefield. The Commodores and coach Derek Mason have to replace the school's all-time leading rusher in Ralph Webb. Luckily, he has some intriguing candidates for the job at what might be the deepest area on the team. Vaughn sat out last season as a transfer from Illinois, while Wakefield now is a sophomore.
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
By The Associated Press
WWE News: Jay Lethal talks about working with Samoa Joe, CM Punk, and Daniel Bryan
Jay Lethal speaks about his time at ROH, and the possibility of joining WWE.
@soumalyamoitra7 by Soumalya Moitra News 14 Aug 2017, 20:38 IST
Jay Lethal has some interesting things to say
What's the story?
Speaking exclusively in an interview with Cult of Whatever, Jay Lethal spoke about his experience working with the likes of Samoa Joe, Daniel Brayan and CM Punk during his first spell at ROH.
"At that time and it still is, Ring of Honor was a big accomplishment for me, they are known all around the world, they didn't have the television that other companies had but they had talent like Samoa Joe, CM Punk, Daniel Bryan, Austin Aries, Christopher Daniels…that is probably the greatest wrestling roster in the history of wrestling rosters", he said.
"Calling my matches with Samoa Joe and CM Punk a learning experience would be an understatement. It was me going to a full year of school within one match, those guys were at the top of their game then and now. They have never really slowed down other than Punk stopping wrestling and Daniel forced to stop.
Joe taught me more than anybody could ever imagine and more than anybody would know", he concluded.
In case you didn't know...
There is no doubting that Jay Lethal is one of the best performers in the indie scene at the moment. Still just 32-years-old, he has held the championship belt in promotions like the TNA and ROH on 11 different occasions.
The heart of the matter
Jay's CV speaks for itself, undoubtedly one of the most charismatic of wrestlers in the present generation he has worked with the likes of Ric Flair and Kurt Angle. It is quite the surprise that a promotion like the WWE hasn't still approached him, "I've never had any talks with WWE, as far as would I one day like to wrestle for WWE, my love for professional wrestling when I was a young kid was created and developed by my love for the WWF at the time now WWE", he admitted in the same interview.
At this moment, with his success, it seems to be a matter of time.
What's next?
With Lethal literally sending a come and get me plea to the WWE, they would be well served in trying to sign him up. In the recent past, we have seen high achievers in the indie scene being snapped up for the NXT or in some occasions, for the main roster.
He has the fan following and the charisma to make the jump into the main roster directly like an AJ Styles.
Author's take
ROH undoubtedly had one of the best rosters of any promotion at a time with the likes of Jay Lethal, Samoa Joe, CM Punk, and Daniel Bryan in the same picture. For a wrestling fan, it will be a treat if Jay eventually makes it to the WWE and recreates his brilliance from the indie scene.
Send us news tips ar fightclub@sportskeeda.com
If Beale Street Could Talk
Film historians will likely do a poor job in describing the resounding support, everyone onboard and all-aboard of the Moonlight express and the surreal out-of-body experience and one of the wackiest moments in film awardage history. Coinciding with a Hollywood that was in need of a dire shakeup and thankfully the ripple effect is still being felt today, looking back, politically it was, and still is, a worrying atmosphere where a POTUS 45 disparages African Americans. An outspoken James Baldwin would be medicine for these troubling times. So after an eight year wait after Medicine for Melancholy (2008) and a 1.5 million dollar Oscar-winning passion project, comes a piece from one (as Raoul Peck most recently reminded us with I Am Not Your Negro) of Black America's most gifted writers and thinkers. Barry Jenkins received the blessings of the Baldwin Estate, and unbeknownst to many, this was a project that Jenkins was working on parallel to his sophomore feature.
With Underground Railroad being announced post Oscars (and is also something to look forward to perhaps in 2019, If Beale Street Could Talk began filming in October with new prod outfitter PASTEL (reteams with producer Adele Romanski) and nestled in once again with cinematographer James Laxton. Dave Franco, Ed Skrein, Finn Wittrock, Regina King, Emily Rios, Victoria Rogers, Aunjanue Ellis, Teyonah Parris, Colman Domingo, Brian Tyree Henry and Pedro Pascal all fit in a tale that follows Tish, a newly engaged Harlem woman who races against the clock to prove her lover's innocence while carrying their first-born child. It is a celebration of love told through the story of a young couple, their families and their lives, trying to bring about justice through love, for love and the promise of the American dream. You couldn't get any better than this for a post sophomore film of Moonlight‘s size
Release Date/Prediction: With shooting having been completed in November, now that Annapurna Pictures have officially stepped in the distribution game you know that they're naturally thinking of awards season, and while Megan Ellison is still relatively new to the Croisette, Plan B have had a fairly regular presence at the fest since showing Michael Winterbottom's A Mighty Heart in 2007. What kind of leverage would this have later on in the long game is the question? Our bet is with Cannes over Venice.
Halton police have released images of three men who robbed a Burlington Scotiabank branch on Thursday.
They entered the Dundas Street bank west of Appleby Line at 7:50 p.m., with two assaulting the tellers and a third brandishing a hand gun.
The bank employees handed over an undisclosed amount of cash. The robbers fled, running southbound towards Dundas Street.
Two bank employees suffered minor injuries.
Related Content Bank tellers assaulted in evening robbery at Burlington Scotiabank
Anyone with information should contact Det. Phil Vandenbeukel of Burlington Criminal Investigations Bureau – Robbery Team at 905-825-4747, ext 2343. Tips can be forwarded to Crime Stoppers; “See Something, Hear Something, Say Something” at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), through the web at www.crimestoppers.ca or by texting “Tip201” with your message to 274637 (crimes).
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
You want to celebrate the arrival of spring. Make a new list of your goals and resolutions. Speak with a partner or loved one to see if he or she can get behind the same wish list.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Reach out to a loved one at a distance. New priorities evolve in a discussion. Schedule some time to take a class or workshop, then decide to plan a vacation and/or indulge in whatever would open up your mind. Discussions will be enlightening.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
You enter spring with fond memories that you share with many people. At the six-month mark from your birthday, the planets will present you with their report card. Note any areas that need to be updated or transformed. Be willing to take action.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
If you can't make a decision just yet, let it go for now. In a few days, revisit the issue and see if your perspective has changed. You might be ready to make a choice at that point. Know that this is a particularly lucky year for you.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
To solve a problem quickly, become more aware of it. Detach and consider others' points of view. Get above the issue, as if you were not involved. At the same time, enjoy the presence of spring. You connect on a deep level with this season!
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Look at what is happening around you. Many people seem more upbeat. You might be able to make a switch or a change without encountering a hassle. Sometime in the evening your imagination seems to come to life. Use this creative period well.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Feel relieved that good news is heading your way. You become upbeat with the simple knowledge of the change of seasons. You will be more grounded later in the day. A discussion around your home could make waves. Choose your words with care.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Stay sensitive to your finances. You might want to make a major purchase in the near future. Understand the limits of your budget. Consider making a commitment to build up your income. Be aware of what someone you care about is asking for.
Commander Stuart Cundy of the Metropolitan Police Service gave an update this afternoon (Wed) on the horror blaze. He said: “This remains an active operation by our colleagues from the Fire Brigade.
“Sadly I can confirm that 12 people have died that we know of. There is going to be a long and complex recovery operation. I do anticipate the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12 people.
“The thoughts of all of us from the emergency services – and I am sure colleagues from the local authority and all Londoners – are with those that have been so affected by a fire on a scale that we have probably not seen in London for many, many years.
“I have said before, and I would reiterate again, from a police perspective what's really important that we identify and account for everybody.
“We have had call handlers in our Casualty Bureau taking hundreds of calls today. Now our experience shows us in cases like this, it is very, very challenging to put a number on how many people are unaccounted for.
“Our priority is clearly those we know would have been resident within Grenfell Tower, but there might have been others that were staying with family or friends. So if you do have any concerns, please contact the Casualty Bureau.
“If you have been reported missing, or reported somebody missing and they are now found safe and well, again I would reiterate, please contact the Casualty Bureau, so we know that person is safe and well.
“Thank you very much to all the community for their patience. This is going to be a long operation as I said a moment ago. Not just today and not just tonight, as we make sure the fire is completely put out, but then the recovery operation from the tower itself. It will be vitally important as we work closely with the Coroner that we locate and identify all those that have tragically died within this truly truly shocking fire.
“There are a number of reception centres that have been set up locally. There are a lot of people that have been truly affected by this fire and I would request that you, the media, please bear that in mind with the reporting and some of the imagery that I know has already gone out on social media. Thank you.”
The Metropolitan Police Casualty Bureau phone number is 0800 0961 233. If you don't get through first time – please keep trying.
Mika Brzezinski of “Morning Joe” said she will no longer allow White House adviser Kellyanne Conway on the show because she's not credible.
Said Brzezinski: “I know for a fact she tries to book herself on this show; I won't do it. Every time I've ever seen her on television, something's askew, off, or incorrect.”
She added: “I will say: Kellyanne Conway does not need to text our show, just as long as I'm on it because it's not happening here.”
HARRISONBURG, Va. — Stuckey Mosley poured in 35 points, two off his career high, and DeVelle Phillips added 17 and James Madison clawed from 11 points down to defeat Towson 79-73 on Saturday.
Mosely scored 23 points in the last 12:21 as James Madison (7-18, 3-9 Colonial Athletic Association) whacked away at the Towson lead. He converted a 3-point play to give the Dukes a 65-64 lead with 3:30 remaining. Phillips scored, grabbed a defensive rebound and dunked at the other end for a 70-68 lead with 1:09 left. Mosely followed with a layup and Darius Banks a pair of free throws and the 8-1 run put the game away.
Eddie Keith II scored the last five points for Towson (16-9, 6-6), keeping the Tigers within two until Banks and Mosely made three free throws in the last three seconds.
Zane Martin led Towson with 28 points before being hit with a technical and fouling out with three seconds to go. Mike Morsell added 20 points and Justin Gorham scored nine and grabbed 17 rebounds.
You might need a bit more than the Force when a collection of Star Wars memorabilia goes up for auction in Sheffield.
For memorabilia relating to the classic sci-fi movie is set to go under the hammer - with a cool guide price of £2,500.
For dozens of original toy figures tied in to the original 1977 film are up for grabs - and are set to prove of interest to buyers across the globe.
Sheffield Auction Gallery will be putting the figures to auction on November 30 in a specialist collectable toys sale - and bosses have described it as "a unique opportunity for fans to acquire a piece of film history."
The most sought after items stem from the original film trilogy of Star Wars, The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi.
A company called Kenner was first to be given the license to produce toy related merchandise and came up with the new idea of a 3 and ¾ inch action figure, but remarkably did not have any in production in time for the 1977 “Star Wars” Christmas bonanza.
However they soon caught up with an original release of 12 figures including the well known characters - Luke Skywalker, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Princess Leia, C-3PO, Han Solo and the dark side himself - Darth Vader among others.
By the time the original trilogy was over and starting to fade from memory in 1985, a total of 99 figures had been produced. The most sought after of these being the first 12 and last 17 'The Power of The Force' figures which include one of the most collectable - an R2-D2 with pop up sabre.
While the highest prices are for figures still on their original packing cards with some rare variants fetching up to £20,000, it is very unusual to find all original 99 figures together and complete with their original accessories.
However such a collection has turned up at Sheffield Auction Gallery and is to be sold as a single auction.
The collection was put together over a number of years by a private collector from Yorkshire.
Auctioneer and specialist valuer John Morgan commented: “Although not unique, the fact we have all 99 original figures together and being sold as a single lot is very rare in the current market and we expect significant interest from around the world as the Star Wars brand is truly international."
For further information contact the saleroom office on 0114 281 6161 or email jmorgan@sheffieldauctiongallery.com
Hello and welcome to another issue of This Week in Rust! Rust is a systems language pursuing the trifecta: safety, concurrency, and speed. This is a weekly summary of its progress and community. Want something mentioned? Tweet us at @ThisWeekInRust or send us a pull request. Want to get involved? We love contributions.
This Week in Rust is openly developed on GitHub. If you find any errors in this week's issue, please submit a PR.
News & Blog Posts
Crate of the Week
This week's crate is human-panic, a crate to make Rust's error handling usable to end users. Thanks to Vikrant for the suggestion!
Submit your suggestions and votes for next week!
Call for Participation
Always wanted to contribute to open-source projects but didn't know where to start? Every week we highlight some tasks from the Rust community for you to pick and get started!
Some of these tasks may also have mentors available, visit the task page for more information.
If you are a Rust project owner and are looking for contributors, please submit tasks here.
132 pull requests were merged in the last week
New Contributors
Dylan MacKenzie
Johannes Nixdorf
Kerem
krk
Nathaniel McCallum
Nicholas Rishel
Russell Cohen
Approved RFCs
Changes to Rust follow the Rust RFC (request for comments) process. These are the RFCs that were approved for implementation this week:
No RFCs were approved this week.
Every week the team announces the 'final comment period' for RFCs and key PRs which are reaching a decision. Express your opinions now. This week's FCPs are:
New RFCs
optimise(size) attribute.
iter-fn: Implementing iterators from stateful closures. Make trivial to have an iterator by just writing a function/closure.
carrying_mul. Add an inherent method to integral types which does a double-wide multiplication.
Upcoming Events
The community team is trying to improve outreach to meetup organisers. Please fill out their call for contact info if you are running or used to run a meetup.
If you are running a Rust event please add it to the calendar to get it mentioned here. Email the Rust Community Team for access.
Rust Jobs
No jobs listed for this week.
Tweet us at @ThisWeekInRust to get your job offers listed here!
Quote of the Week
I've become fearless in Rust, but it's made me fear every other language…
— u/bluejekyll on reddit.
Thanks to nasa42 for the suggestion!
Submit your quotes for next week!
This Week in Rust is edited by: nasa42 and llogiq.
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron during their meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron during their meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump on Tuesday said North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un has been "very open" and "very honorable," and wants an historic, high-stakes meeting as soon as possible.
This is a sharp break from the American president's previous denunciations of Kim Jong-un as "Little Rocket Man."
The United States and North Korea have been negotiating a summit between Trump and Kim Jong-un to be held in May or June to broker a deal on Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions. Trump, who has struck a decidedly optimistic tone on the situation in recent days, said Tuesday that the United States and North Korea were having "good discussions."
"We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible. We think that's a great thing for the world," Trump said at the White House alongside French President Emmanuel Macron. "Kim Jong-un, he really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing."
Trump cautioned that North Korea had not followed through on previous promises, but credited tough steps from his administration - including sanctions and organizing pressure from international allies - for having forced Pyongyang to hold talks. And he again suggested that he would "leave the table" if they negotiations were not productive or if North Korea was not operating in good faith.
"We'll see where that all goes," the president said. "Maybe it will be wonderful or maybe it won't."
Trump's comments came days after a flurry of signs from North Korea that the White House was anxious to promote as signs that its coercion campaign was working. On Saturday, North Korea announced it will close its nuclear testing facility and suspend nuclear and intercontinental ballistic missile tests - a move welcomed by Trump as "big progress."
However, the North stopped short of suggesting it will give up its nuclear weapons - as Trump suggested in a tweet - or scale back its production of missiles and their related components.
Asked if the suspension of tests was a positive sign, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Monday, "Right now, I think there (are) a lot of reasons for optimism that the negotiations will be fruitful and we'll see."
This week, U.S.-allied South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim will hold a summit in the demilitarized zone between the Koreas that could lay the ground for Trump's planned meeting with the North Korean dictator. The leaders of the U.S. and North Korea have never met during six decades of hostility since the Korean War.
The exact date and location of the possible summit has not been determined.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that the U.S. goal was the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. When asked if the president was willing to accept anything short of that goal before lifting sanctions or was willing to go incrementally, she told reporters: "Certainly no sanctions lifted until we see concrete actions taken by North Korea to denuclearize."
Last year, the U.S. spearheaded through the U.N. Security Council the toughest international sanctions yet against North Korea in response to three long-range missile launches and its most powerful nuclear test explosion yet. The Trump administration supplemented those restrictions with unilateral U.S. sanctions against firms that had conducted illicit trade with the North.
This year, Kim has pivoted from confrontation to diplomacy and, according to South Korea and China, has expressed a commitment to denuclearization. There is still uncertainty about what he seeks in return.
Trump's praise for Kim Jong-un on Tuesday stood in stark contrast to his previous bellicose rhetoric toward the North Korean leader. Beyond dubbing him "Little Rocket Man" from the rostrum of the United Nations last fall, Trump has threatened to deliver "fire and fury" upon North Korea and taunted Kim Jong-un on Twitter that his nuclear "button" was larger than the one in Pyongyang.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Ken Thomas contributed reporting.
"He comes off as very laid-back and he is, but he's also constantly thinking, and he notices ev-ery-thing," said Crawford, 51. "He always has his finger on the pulse of what the next cool thing is going to be."
Not that you can tell from his California drawl, but Rande Gerber was born in Queens and grew up on the south shore of Long Island.
Scouted by Ford Models on the streets of Manhattan when he was 16, he alternated between classes at the University of Arizona, where he studied television production, and flying internationally for shoots with quintessential '80s brands like Sassoon and Benetton.
In those vintage modelling shots, Gerber epitomized the male beauty ideals of the era: a blow-dried beefcake, lounging on the range in double denim, or sweatlessly working out in scoop-cut tank tops.
His life-changing break came after college, after he had retired from modelling and was brokering commercial real estate in Manhattan as an agent for Edward S. Gordon in the early 1990s. One of his clients, hotelier Ian Schrager, asked him to find a bar tenant for the Paramount Hotel in Times Square, which would become one of the prototypes of the designer boutique hotel.
After passing on several options, Schrager proposed an unusual idea. "One day he said to me, 'Why don't you just do it yourself?'" Gerber said.
The Whiskey opened in 1991 and was an instant hit, drawing celebrities and offering a sophisticated alternative to the throbbing mega-clubs of the time, with its Philippe Starck design, high-priced cocktails, mood lighting and ambient music.
"Rande had a graciousness about him, and he was graceful as a person," Schrager said. "He was a bright, articulate guy, sociable, likable. And, running a bar — it's not rocket science. I thought he could do it."
Gerber replicated the formula (which he described as "candlelit; the right incense burning, the right music playing") for a string of Schrager's other hotels, including the Morgans Hotel on Madison Avenue and the Mondrian in Los Angeles.
His hospitality company, the Gerber Group, which he operated in partnership with his brothers, Scott and Kenny, would open 37 bars and restaurants in 17 cities, including a network of Whiskey spinoffs with W Hotels, as well as a mini-chain of cafés inside Emporio Armani stores.
The sleek esthetic of low-slung sofas, clever design and mellow electronica music would soon become a '90s cultural cliché, replicated by many budget imitators with "Wayne's World" thrift-store couches and fire-hazard candelabra right out of "The Phantom of the Opera."
Also on fire during this period: Gerber and Crawford. The two met in 1991 at the wedding of Michael Gruber, Crawford's agent at the time and a childhood friend of Gerber's. "She was dating Richard," Gerber said, referring to Richard Gere, Crawford's former husband.
They stayed in touch over the phone and reconnected in Los Angeles in 1995, a few months after Crawford and Gere got divorced. "They split up and we connected," Gerber said. The couple married in 1998.
Also in their social orbit was Clooney, who patronized Gerber's bars and was also a client of Gruber's. Clooney and Gerber would go on to build neighbouring beach houses in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
That's also how the tequila got started, at least according to the official Casamigos story: It was a fluke created by two buddies who enjoyed drinking tequila in their "house of friends." (Michael Meldman, the developer for their beach houses, later joined as the third partner.)
(
Slowly, their "hobby" took off, and paid off handsomely when Diageo decided it want in. The deal to buy Casamigos included $700 million in cash, plus as much as another $300 million depending on sales.
Gerber plans to funnel some of those riches into a startup incubator, based in the Malibu celebrity hang pad that serves as his office. He rattled off some of the pitches he has received in his new role as a venture capitalist: "different app ideas, a coffee company, a milk delivery company."
"There are a lot of good ideas, some crazy ideas, and some that are not so good," he said.
Schrager said of his former protégé: "He's a model for 'hard work pays off.' He was a kid from Queens, and he went on to marry a beautiful woman and have a beautiful family and great success. And it's always nice when a nice guy does good."
In the Gerber household, Sunday night home-baked pizza is a family tradition, as is jumping into the pool whenever one of the brood comes home from a far-flung assignment.
But such homey get-togethers are becoming harder to organize now that family members have their own work schedules and their own teams of publicists, stylists, managers and other gatekeepers whose job is to control and monetize their very lucrative time.
"Those kids have every reason in the world to be screwed up," said Clooney, who has known them since birth. "They're beautiful kids, and they were born into fame and wealth. But Cindy and Rande were very aware of raising kids in Malibu and how that can go horribly wrong. So they've been really hands-on parents."
The Gerbers can sound a little corny, and that's because they are. Nothing confounds a celebrity profile like a happy family. They are four golden figures that, even viewed up close, seem to be constantly dissolving into a Malibu sunset.
New York Times News Service
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sandbach have brought in new players and welcomed back familiar faces as they start preparations for 2018-19.
At a recent players' meeting head coach Rob Webber outlined how he wants to improve on last season's sixth-place finish in the Midlands Premier.
They will have to do it without scrum half Cam Crampton and centre Mike Barlow, who have left for pastures new.
But Sandbach will be able to call upon several new additions and key men returning from injury.
Club spokesman Pad Davenport said: “Rob said with just a few small improvements and a couple of key additions, we should be quietly confident of improving – with the ultimate ambition of gaining promotion.
“Cam has signed for Fylde and Mike has left for Caldy, and we wish the boys all the best.
“But their losses have been more than compensated and the squad looks better prepared
“Fingers crossed it will be a relatively injury-free and successful season..”
Cheshire scrum half Nick Allsop has returned from Macclesfield, while experienced centre James Reilly has bene drafted in from Northwich and promising young centre Jimmy Preston has arrived from Chester.
Fly half Chris Calvert and forwards Matt Jackson and Andy Nash have returned from long-term injuries which required surgery, while powerful centre George Beal, who was part the Sale Sharks Academy, is back from his studies in London.
Sandbach's first pre-season game is a visit to Kendal in mid-August, while their league opener is at home to promoted Burton on September 1.
Injuries, tired players and a looming showdown with the All Blacks are just some of the reasons why England will not win an historic third Six Nations title in a row.
But such excuses have been rubbished by a former England international, who believes the key to a successful title defence for Eddie Jones's side is shutting out the noise and focussing on the task at hand.
Ben Foden playing for England and scoring against France in the 2012 Six Nations (Picture: PA)
Ben Foden is of the opinion that the England side he was a member of not so long ago remains the team to beat as the 2018 NatWest Six Nations' championship kicks-off this weekend.
A relatively-straightforward appointment with Italy in Rome tomorrow is followed by the more traditionally challenging fixtures against Wales, Scotland, France and Ireland.
Each of the latter four will harbour genuine aspirations to topple an England team that has lost just once in the last two years of the northern hemisphere's leading international competition.
But while agreeing with the growing consensus that the gap between the top team and chasing pack is narrowing, Foden still feels England's biggest enemy could be themselves.
Everyone is looking ahead to that game with New Zealand in November, Eddie has kept it at bay for as long as he could, waiting until he has got his players buying into his culture, but England have a major task in front of them first with these Six Nations. Ben Foden
“There are plenty of excuses and reasons why England can't make it three in a row; the Lions players will be tired after a busy summer, our Premiership players don't get as much rest as their counterparts in the Pro12, and England have too many injuries,” said Foden.
“But, for me, they just need one reason to win it and that is making sure they are fully focused on what they are doing, fully focused on their job and the game-plan.
“Yes, England has a lot of injuries but you look at the team selected for Italy and it's still a very strong, experienced team.
“Everyone is looking ahead to that game with New Zealand in November, Eddie has kept it at bay for as long as he could, waiting until he has got his players buying into his culture, but England have a major task in front of them first with these Six Nations.”
England rugby coach Eddie Jones (left) and Jonathan Joseph during the training session at Pennyhill Park, Bagshot. (Picture: Kirsty O'Connor/PA Wire)
Wales and Scotland kick-off the 2018 championship this afternoon with many fancying the Scots to continue their gradual improvement in recent years.
They have won five of their last 10 games in the Six Nations, having claimed the wooden spoon after five straight defeats just three years ago.
Their home game with England three weeks today could be one of the more pivotal games of the championship.
“Scotland are playing very well and it will be very tricky up in Murrayfield, it's a very intimidating atmosphere,” said Foden.
“Scotland could break a few hearts. Plus Ireland are looking dangerous and with the French team you just don't know what you're going to get; brilliant one week, rubbish the next.
“It's good that England have got two of the toughest games at home (Wales and Ireland), Twickenham is such a huge advantage.
“So the games against France and Scotland are going to be key. The task for those two games is to go there and execute their game-plan, whatever that may be, you stick to it and you execute it.”
How ever they progress, Foden will have to watch on helpless like the rest of us. A succession of injuries robbed the counter-attacking Northampton Saints full-back of a prolonged international career, cutting it short in November, 2013 after 34 caps over five years with England.
“I enjoyed my international time when I was flourishing,” said Foden, 32, who, as part of Greene King IPA's Supporters' Supporter campaign, will watch England's game tomorrow with a group of fans in London.
“Injuries at the wrong time held me back. It's a tough old game and you've got to take your opportunities. Mike Brown came in and filled my shoes and he's never looked back.
“Looking back on it now, it all passes in a blur. When you're in the moment, you take it for granted, you think you're invincible, and you don't savour it.
“Not that it's easy to do that as a player. That's one of the things Eddie has done well, keeping people on their toes. He's been very good for England.”
‘England Rugby star Ben Foden enjoys a pint of Greene King IPA with England Rugby fans at a Six Nations screening in London. Follow @GreeneKingIPA #SupportersSupporter for more information.'
Karl Robinson was not totally happy with his Charlton side despite a 3-0 win over Gillingham.
The Addicks erased any lingering drop fears as goals from Jason Pearce, Ricky Holmes and Josh Magennis made it a good afternoon in SE7.
“I thought they [Gillingham] had too many chances – it was a little bit of bad finishing rather than great defending,” said Robinson. “But the lads put the effort in. They have worked extremely hard in the last three games.”
Holmes produced an excellent free-kick goal, claimed the assist for Pearce's header which opened the scoring as well as a crossfield run in the build-up to Magennis' finish.
“He's like a Duracell bunny – he doesn't stop running,” said Robinson. “He cares – that's important. He goal ratio shows that and his regains.
“They had 2,500 fans coming here for a party. We knew how much they wanted to beat us. They came here to try and finish above Charlton Athletic.”
HOUSTON - The numbers surely don't lie.
The Houston Astros have pummeled Red Sox pitching over the first two games of the American League Division Series to the tune of 16 runs for a pair of identically awful 8-2 losses.
Chris Sale allowed seven runs over five innings of work in Game 1 and Drew Pomeranz allowed four runs in just two innings of work in Game 2 on Friday.
"The one thing that they have done, they have not missed when we missed in terms of pitch location," manager John Farrell said. "That's been very effective. They're very good, they're deep, and they have got a number of ways to beat you. So we fully respect and understood the opponent, and they're playing like that."
There's a feeling of deja vu after these first two games.
Boston won the American League East last season only to be overmatched by the Cleveland Indians in the ALDS, suffering a swept in three games.
The lack of offense has been an issue, but Red Sox starting pitching hasn't given the team much of a chance from the outset in each of the team's last two playoff series.
In five starts dating back to the ALDS last year, Red Sox starters have posted an 11.09 ERA over 18 2/3 innings, allowing nine homers in the process.
Last season, the Red Sox had lackluster performances from Rick Porcello and David Price in Games 1 and 2 of the series. Neither starter completed five innings and each allowed five runs. Clay Buchholz tossed a decent game start in Game 3 with two runs allowed in four innings.
This year has been even worse.
The Red Sox staff has been embarrassed by Houston's major-league leading offense, one that collectively hit .282 this season, almost 10 points better than the next best-hitting team.
"They're a good lineup," Pomeranz said. "Obviously, they've had a good offensive lineup all year. You have to make pitches to these guys."
Pomeranz allowed a two-run homer in the first inning. The Red Sox got one run back in the second, but the lefty allowed two more in the third on a solo shot. When he allowed and an RBI single, Farrell pulled him from the game.
The Red Sox offense didn't score again until the ninth, but by then the game was far out of reach.
Boston turns to Doug Fister at home on Sunday in Game 3 to keep the series alive. To do so, he'll have to buck the trend of his fellow starters.
"There are many ways that (Houston) can score runs on one swing of the bat from a number of guys," Farrell said. "But there's confidence in Doug going to the mound on Sunday. He pitched well against them to keep us in the ball game last time out. We're going to need another appearance or another outing similar to what he gave us last time."
--
Follow MassLive.com Red Sox beat reporter @jcmccaffrey on Twitter. She can be reached by email at jmccaffr@masslive.com.
HUDDERSFIELD TOWN have something pretty special going on at the John Smith's Stadium.
Not just in terms of results, where four victories and 14 points from eight outings represents a return that only Everton outside the top six can better.
But off the pitch, too, with the Terriers rightly earning plaudits for a vibrant and energetic atmosphere that is proving a welcome antidote to the often sterile world of the Premier League.
The cardboard ‘clappers', handed out free before every game to supporters, might not be to everyone's taste. A quick scan of social media quickly confirms that much.
There can, though, be little doubt that these little contraptions are helping create a buzz that the players are tapping into each and every time they step out in front of their own fans.
“It is definitely easier for us to play at home,” admitted Mathias ‘Zanka' Jorgensen ahead of Chelsea's first visit to Town's home of 23 years.
Manchester United's Antonio Valencia (left) and Huddersfield Town's Tom Ince battle for the ball
“Our fans and the atmosphere mean this is not a nice place to come and visit. We are a very aggressive team, so that is what we want. You need a good home and that is what we are building.”
Town, of course, have already claimed one major scalp on home soil this term after Manchester United were beaten 2-1 in October.
Another three points tonight at the expense of Antonio Conte's men would, on recent history, represent a major step towards the season's target of staying up.
In the past five seasons, 14 of the 15 relegated sides claimed one win or less in a dozen meetings with the ‘Big Six' of the two Manchester clubs, Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur.
These games are why we worked so hard all last season. We wanted to come up against these types of teams. Huddersfield captain Tommy Smith
Only Newcastle United in the freakish season that saw Leicester City lift the title, Chelsea slip to tenth and Liverpool finish eighth, buck that trend of dominance by the elite against relegated clubs.
Taking their own tally of victories to two from half-a-dozen meetings with the current top six will not be easy but the Terriers will not lack for confidence, with even the recent defeats to Manchester City and Arsenal giving the squad heart.
“The performance against City was great but the result wasn't to be,” said captain Tommy Smith about the narrow 2-1 loss late last month that was followed a few days later by a 5-0 defeat at the Emirates Stadium.
“That happens in football, you don't always get what you deserve. Same against Arsenal. Okay, in the end we lost heavily, but for 68 minutes we were in the game (at 1-0 down).
Huddersfield Town's (left-right) Laurent Depoitre, Steve Mounie, Christopher Schindler, Mathias Jorgensen, Rajiv van La Parra, Danny Williams and Elias Kachunga celebrate their win over Manchester United (Pictures: PA)
“These games are why we worked so hard all last season. We wanted to come up against these types of teams.”
Chelsea is likely to head north in a mood similar to that of a wounded beast following Saturday's derby loss at West Ham United.
Antonio Conte admitted in the wake of the London Stadium defeat that his side's title defence had “never got started”.
Pep Guardiola's side triumphing in the Manchester derby a day later merely confirmed the Italian's gloomy assessment, the gap between the reigning champions and City now standing at a colossal 14 points.
“We can't think about what Conte says,” said Tom Ince, who has gone 29 top-flight games without a goal after netting on his Crystal Palace debut in 2014. “We just have to play our own game. The three points (against Brighton last weekend) gives us big confidence to take in to Chelsea.
“We are going to come out and fight.
“We are not going to roll over for Chelsea and, hopefully, we can catch them on the break and cause an upset.
“It is another challenge. A big, big team coming to the John Smith's and, most of all, we have to enjoy it. If we cause an upset, then great.”
Chelsea's visit means Town will have faced all of the ‘Big Six' by 10pm tonight. Only Tottenham Hotspur, 3-0 up inside 23 minutes, have outclassed Wagner's men but, nevertheless, the Yorkshire side have lost four of five meetings with the elite since promotion.
Asked about his side's record against the top clubs yesterday, Wagner replied: “In Germany, we have Bayern Munich and yet here in England it is Bayern Munich times six. That makes things difficult.”
Jorgensen, however, is harbouring only positive thoughts ahead of tackling the champions.
“You can argue for and against whether it is a good time to play Chelsea,” said the Danish international. “They will be more hungry for points (after losing to West Ham).
“You can say they don't slip up that often. But it will be up to us to make it a bad game for them. Apart from Spurs, all the teams have struggled coming here due to the aggression that we show, the togetherness and the confidence we get from the fans.”
Last six games: Huddersfield Town WLLLLW, Chelsea WDWWDL.
Referee: A Marriner (West Midlands).
Last time: Huddersfield Town 2 Chelsea 3; October 1, 1983; Division Two.
Back in the Cenozoic era, we learn in the 2017 Power Rangers movie, Zordon (Bryan Cranston) was getting twelve shades of putty knocked out of him by Rita Repulsa (Elizabeth Banks). Luckily for Zordon, the balance is restored somewhat by the five teenagers with attitude we meet later in the movie.
One of the most important aspects of the film is the #PowerRangers' Zords, which are directly based on the creatures of that prehistoric era in which the action starts. Director Dean Israelite mentioned to Collider:
"The idea is the Zords are machines that take on the form of the most powerful organisms of the planet they're on. When these Zords came to Earth, dinosaurs reigned supreme and so they took on the image and the spirit of these dinosaurs – that's the mythology that we've put into the movie. But in the concept that we've created they're meant to be inspired by those animals – not an actual, literal, version of it, and so we decided we wanted to take certain liberties, too."
There's no finer place to see the monolithic might of the Zords than in Mauricio Ruiz's incredible concept art for the show. He kindly shared images of a couple of the Zords at their inception.
Here's the Saber-Toothed Tiger Zord, ridden by Trini Kwan (Becky Gomez).
Concept art for Trini's Saber-Toothed Tiger Zord [Credit: Mauricio Ruiz]
See also:
Ruiz also shared the art for the cool Triceratops Zord, commandeered by Billy Cranston (RJ Cyler). Fearsome!
Concept art for Billy's Triceratops Zord [Credit: Mauricio Ruiz]
Nice work, Mr Ruiz! It's cool to see how these amazing creations began their journey. Which one is your favorite?
Poll Which Zord would you pilot if you could? T. rex (Red)
Pterodactyl (Pink)
Mastodon (Black)
Triceratops (Blue)
Sabertooth (Yellow)
(Source: ArtStation, Collider)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United fans have hit back at Exeter boss Paul Tisdale's criticisms of the Cambs Glass Stadium pitch.
The Grecians manager described the pitch as “a really poor surface” and claimed it was to blame for a shot by Joel Grant that missed the target in his comments after yesterday's 1-0 defeat to United in Sky Bet League Two.
But United supporters have been amazed by Tisdale's views, with some questioning how he could compare it to the condition of the pitches at Newport's Rodney Parade or the LCI Rail Stadium, Cheltenham's home ground.
Others felt it was a case of sour grapes, claiming the pitch was one of the best in the division, as the Devon side suffered a slight blip in their play-off push despite remaining sixth in the table.
OldBuzzard commented: “What a feeble excuse. United's surface is one of the best in League 2. Exeter were beaten by the better team”, while Longtimesupporter said: “So they don't play at Cheltenham or Newport?”
Goldentench said: “Does he remember the state of the pitches in the 1970s? Stop whinging”, while AleksandrO felt Tisdale was just jealous Exeter did not have Will Norris in goal.
He said: “I bet he wished he had a keeper as good as ours. Norris saved our necks.”
And here are a selection of United fans' reactions to Tisdale's views on social media.
ARO Metal Stamping, Inc. in Roselle, Ill., is a turn-key source for metal stampings and assemblies, from prototype through production. President Erica Wiegel knows that getting involved in professional groups could benefit your personal career but your business as well. Wiegel is not in business for personal gain, but to create a new family with her employees. How does Wiegel think that women bring a little extra to the table, especially in her field? Click play to find out.
Watch more videos from BizCast on its YouTube channel here.
Related: Engage With Your Customers
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical and provides partners with distribution on Entrepreneur.com as well as our apps on Amazon Fire, Roku and Apple TV.
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming he was fired after false allegations that he groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when she reported an assault she truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
The letter comes as wealthy special interests groups are increasing their efforts to call a convention for the first time since 1787, and are now just six states away from reaching their goal.
The letter focuses on the threat of a “runaway convention,” where every American's constitutional rights and protections could be at risk. Under Article V of the U.S. Constitution, a convention can be called when two-thirds of the states (34) petition for a convention to enact amendments to the constitution.
Most legal scholars agree that all 34 applications must be on one issue, but once a convention is called anything could be brought up.
“A constitutional convention call, even on a single issue will become a Pandora's box — once it's open there will be no controlling where it goes, putting every Americans' basic rights on the auction block,” said Karen Hobert Flynn, president of Common Cause. “The wealthy special interests who are funding this push do not share the best interest of the American people, and there are no rules to limit their influence on what could be brought up once a convention is convened. Legislatures should follow the lead of Delaware, New Mexico, and Maryland in rescinding their applications for an Article V convention to protect everyone's constitutional rights.”
“A constitutional convention would wreak havoc in the country,” said Fred Wertheimer, president of Democracy 21. “It would open up the nation's charter and all of the constitutional rights and protections it provides for the American people to fundamental change in a political environment of great divisiveness and polarization. Our first and only constitutional convention took place in 1787. George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, James Madison and Alexander Hamilton will not be available to serve as delegates if a second constitutional convention is called. It needs to be prevented.”
“The implications of a Constitutional Convention are staggering,” said Robert Greenstein, president of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. “Our country faces enough problems and division. We don't need to add to them and inflame an already toxic political environment by placing at risk the constitutional structure that has served us well for more than two centuries — and heading into dangerous, unknown territory by calling a convention to rework the Constitution. Leading legal scholars from across the political spectrum agree that once convened, the scope of the convention in seeking to rewrite the Constitution could not be limited.”
Activists on both the left and the right have called for an Article V convention on different matters, but the risk of a runaway convention is the same regardless of the issue. There is currently a well-funded effort to call a convention to enact a federal balanced budget amendment (BBA), which claims to have active applications in 28 states.
Although there has been bipartisan opposition to an Article V convention, the push for a convention on a BBA is being led by Republican legislators and conservative special interest groups bankrolled by billionaires like the Koch Brothers.
A leader in the push to rewrite the Constitution is the American Legislative Exchange Council, a corporate lobby that masquerades as a charity to provide its corporate backers with a tax break. Despite claims by ALEC and other convention proponents, most legal scholars agree that a convention cannot be limited to one issue. With no rules governing a convention, a runaway convention involving a major overhaul of the Constitution would likely result.
The letter, which is signed by diverse group of constitutional rights, labor, environmental, immigration, government reform, healthcare, and public interest groups, urges legislators to oppose calls for a constitutional convention and rescind Article V convention applications on the books in their state. In just the last two years, the legislatures in Delaware, New Mexico, and Maryland have successfully rescinded their previous Article V convention applications, including on the BBA. A similar effort is currently underway in Nevada.
To view the letter and a full list of the organizations signing on, click here.
SPRINGFIELD - A relief fund has been set up to help the many victims of Sunday morning's fire on Belmont Avenue that killed a father and his two young children, injured four others and displaced a minimum of 60 people.
Jewish Family Service has been designated to accept all donations to help families in the time of need. Checks can be made out to JFSWM or Jewish Family Service of Western Ma. with "fire" written in the memo line. They can be mailed to the organization at 15 Lenox St., Springfield, Ma. 01108 or to Brian Bedore at TD Bank, 561 Sumner Ave., Springfield Ma. 01108. The bank has a special account set up for the victims.
New household items can be dropped off at the Jewish Family Service offices at 15 Lenox St. in Springfield. Families need bed pillows, twin and queen sheets, twin and queen comforters, bath and hand towels, pots and pans, paper towels and bathroom items such as toilet paper, shampoo, soap, toothbrushes and toothpaste. Only new items will be accepted, Sarno said.
"I am heartened, but not surprised by the outpouring of support that continues to come in the aftermath of the tragic fire at 49 Belmont Ave. - we've always been a very caring city," he said.
The fire started on the second floor of the 20-apartment building at about 7:20 a.m. A window broke due to the fire and high winds fanned the flames which quickly spread to the third floor. When firefighters arrived panicked residents were jumping out of windows to escape the blaze.
Firefighters poured water on the blaze and searched the building for anyone who had not escaped. During the fire residents reported three people missing. As soon as it was safe firefighters located the three people who had died.
Hampden County District Attorney Anthony Gulluni office identified the victims Monday as Aden Abdakadr, age undetermined; Ahmed Ahmed, a 2-year-old boy; and Fatumo Ahmed, a 1-year-old girl. Abdakadr, who is a refugee from Somalia, is the father of the two children.
The four people injured, a pregnant woman, an elderly woman, a child and a man, were taken to the hospital Sunday morning. None are believed to have been seriously injured, Fire Commissioner Bernard "BJ" Calvi said.
"Again, my thoughts and prayers of sympathy and encouragement go out to all the affected families. We will continue to stand with you and by you in your time of need. God Bless," Sarno said.
The cause of the fire is still under investigation.
After the fire the PVTA provided a bus so those who fled the fire had a warm place to go. They were later brought to the South End Community Center where city agencies and social service organizations worked one-on-one with the victims to get them the help they need.
The victims were stayed overnight in the Hilton Garden Inn, which offered the American Red Cross rooms at a discount. Many are expected to be able to return to their apartments Monday and Tuesday and officials have found permanent housing options for those whose apartments were damaged by fire and will not be able to return until extensive repairs are made.
Sarno, who spent much of the day helping the victims, thanked a variety of people and organizations including Calvi for his "hands on" approach, city department heads and employees, state public safety officials, the American Red Cross, PVTA, First Student, South End Citizens Council, Paul Picknelly of Hilton Garden Inn, neighborhood residents especially Judy Arrington, Maxine Stein and Deirdre Griffin of Jewish Family Service, Fire and Police Chaplains Rev. Cofield and Father Hamilton, and property ownership and management.
"A very special thanks goes out to my friend Imam Wissam Abdul Baki and his team, who when I called came on our site to play an important and pivotal role, not only in facilitating communication with all the involved families, but just as important allowing us to respect Muslim culture and traditions," he said.
Six of the families are refugees from Somalia, Myanmar or Congo and some of those were the hardest hit by the fire.
"Again, my thoughts and prayers of sympathy and encouragement go out to all the affected families. We will continue to stand with you and by you in your time of need. God Bless," he said.
When You Want To Go To Jail, This Is Worse
In Kansas City, a man says he robbed a bank to be jailed, so he would get away from his wife. But his public defender cited the defendant's health issues, and instead he will get home confinement.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Good morning. I'm Steve Inskeep with tales of two marriages. A Connecticut couple took this as a good omen. A fire disabled the bus taking them from their wedding to the reception, so they accepted a ride on a fire engine, which the bride says made the best day better. In Kansas City, a man says he robbed a bank to be jailed to get away from his wife. Could've gone to prison, but his public defender cited the defendant's health issues, and instead he will get home confinement. It's MORNING EDITION.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
For the second year in a row, the Buccaneers traveled to Jacksonville to hold joint practices on the eve of their Thursday night matchup at EverBank Field.
And, for the second straight year, the heat in Jacksonville made Tampa feel like a fall day in the Smoky Mountains. It was hot, and the play of the Buccaneers seemed like they were feeling the temperatures. The Jags defense had something to do with it as well, as they came out with more of a game day mindset. The Jaguars are the low team on the totem poll in the state and came out with a bit of a chip on their shoulder.
Bucs head coach Dirk Koetter wasn't too pleased with the mistakes, although he likes the joint practice format.
“We love practicing against another team. The setup is great, very organized by coach Marrone and his staff, the facility, the weather cooperated and so it is great to work against other guys. You find out how you adjust against other people.
“I am only on one field, so I don't get to see the rest of it until we get back to the hotel but offensively today wasn't what we were looking for. But it is only one day of practice and you learn from it and get better next time.”
The two teams began their day on separate fields going through warmups and individual drills for the first 20 minutes or so of practice. They got together for some special teams drills, then the Bucs offense went to work against the Jaguars defense in front of the small bleachers set up for the fans.
One thing I will say is, Bucs fans are fortunate with the way the organization sets up training camp practices down at One Buc Place. In Jacksonville, there is little relief from the sun as most of the open seating doesn't have cover – the aluminum bleachers were like sitting on stove burners by the time the 10 a.m. practice got underway. The good news is, the Jaguars sold Gatorade (for $6 each) and there was no one walking around with coolers full of freezer pops tossing the up in the stands.
Jaguars new head coach, Doug Marrone, a former NFL offensive lineman, has vowed to toughen up the Jaguars and it showed in Monday's practice. In fact, at the end of practice he has his entire team run gassers like you see more often in high school practice than in the NFL. And just like you might see on your local high school field, if a player jumped offsides in the conditioning drill the coach made them back up five yards.
Bucs Marpet with a win on the one on one drill pic.twitter.com/84CcZGKSCF — PewterReport (@PewterReport) August 14, 2017
Back to football, it was nice to see a more physical practice, that finally included one-on-one match ups between offensive line and defensive line players. Early on, the Jaguars defense seemed to get the better of the Bucs, but as the drill went on Tampa Bay pulled even. Demar Dotson planted a Jaguars defensive lineman, and Caleb Benenoch pancaked his man, driving his man to the turf then lying on top of him. Center, Ali Marpet, was back in action, and Koetter mentioned had Friday night been a regular season game, he would have been fine to play. Marpet was impressive in his reps, as was backup center Joe Hawley. Guard Kevin Pamphile was badly beaten in one rep with a quick inside move by Malik Jackson.
Again, the Bucs offense worked on the field closest to the stands, while the defense was on the far field that had very limited viewing. From a distance it appeared Noah Spence had a good day, and cornerback Jonathan Moxey had a pick of Jaguars quarterbacks Blake Bortles.
When the Bucs and Jaguars went to 11-on-11 the Jacksonville defense rose to the occasion and stifled the Bucs offense for most of the rest of practice. However, part of the issues with the Tampa Bay offense were self-inflicted wounds as there were a number of drops. Doug Martin, Peyton Barber, Mike Evans, Allen Cross and even the usually reliable Adam Humphries had a drop on the afternoon.
Rookie TE Anthony Auclair with TD grab from Fitz. pic.twitter.com/TFJ183hOuR — PewterReport (@PewterReport) August 14, 2017
It wasn't all bad, as there were some nice offensive plays mixed in, including rookie tight end Antony Auclair snagging a Ryan Fitzpatrick pass for a score – yes I did misspell Antony in the above tweet.
In somewhat good news, kicker Nick Folk had a solid day, going 5-of-6 on field goal attempts, including one from over 50 yards.
PewterReport.com will be in Jacksonville all week, including the game on Thursday night. Make sure to come back often and also follow us on Twitter @PewterReport.
Some nursing students from the now-shuttered ITT Technical Institute have been forced to travel about three hours each way, each week, just to complete their education.ITT, a for-profit school, closed all of its campuses -- including one in south suburban Orland Park -- and filed for bankruptcy in September 2016."A lot of us were losing hope and a lot of us were scared and afraid," said nursing student Scot Muncy.Thousands of students nationwide had two options: start over with their student loan debt forgiven or keep the credits and the debt.Indiana Wesleyan University in Marion, Ind., took 21 of these nursing students and agreed to accept their nursing credits.As a result, for three days a week, the students leave behind their families and jobs to finish their education and travel from the Chicago area to Marion, Ind. - a three-hour commute each way."The commute is a little rough," said nursing student Rashanique Taylor.Despite the hours on the road, a silver lining is that Indiana Wesleyan's program offered a bachelor's degree. When ITT closed, some nursing students were weeks, even days from finishing their associate's degrees."It turned out to be a blessing in disguise," Taylor said.Since January the students have carpooled the long drive and sharing accommodations in Marion."It's very difficult, but to me it was worth because I do want this degree," nursing student Kathy Thomas said.The commuting time is not lost time. It's group study time."We keep pushing day by day, we're really excited to see the finish line this time," Muncy said.Wesleyan administrators realized the students had a long commute so they clustered the students' schedule and offered some financial assistance.The nursing students, some of whom will graduate next year, said they appreciate the offer, but wish a school in Illinois had made the same offer.
With the playoff pools established in Men's Spring Basketball League, many questions about how it would play out arose. How would LadyBird Engraving fare, playing a doubleheader? Who will be the team to blemish the Italian Stallions' perfect record, so far? Who would emerge as the favourite in Pool B? Entering the first round of Men's Spring League play-off action, many of these questions were answered.
Game#1- 6:30 PM: Italian Stallions 86 – Ladybird Engraving 60
This game was over early, as the Stallions opened the game on a 17-5 tear, thanks in large part to the outside shooting and slippery drives to the hoop of Kieran Harding. For Harding, 13 of his 20 points on the night came in those first minutes of the game.
The Birds offense ground for every bucket they got. Jayden Moss' 28 points led the way for the ‘Birds, but unfortunately, they lacked the same determination or leadership on the defensive end, regularly allowing uncontested jumpers and they were seemingly one step behind on cuts to the basket. Despite picking up four fouls early, Mike Lange was able to finish out the game with 33 points for the Stallions on the back of seven made three-point shots.
Game#2 -7:30PM: Dave Ralla 67 – LB Woodchoppers 42
The winner of this Pool B playoff matchup would generate a significant advantage in their quest to play for the championship. It was apparent that this fact played on the nerves of players from both sides, as scoring was hard to come by in the opening minutes of the game. It was five minutes into a 7-7 game when Team Ralla suddenly found their groove.
Leaning on the trio of Adam Yaredic, Cecil Mack, and Reg David with superb ball movement and pick and roll action, Ralla exploded into a 16-3 run. Throughout the game, the ‘Choppers Bobby Rupert (27pts) tried to singlehandedly keep pace, but they never recovered from that first-half Ralla surge. Yaredic led Ralla scoring with 20, Mack and David contributed 13 each.
Game#3 -8:30PM: Twisted Willow Studios 58 – Ladybird Engraving 77
After a lacklustre defensive effort in Game 1 and heading into the back half of their double-header against the high-octane offense of Twisted Willow Studio any chance of victory seemed an ominous prospect. As expected, buckets rained down in the opening minutes as fast as the scorekeepers could post them.
Ball movement, for both sides, was excellent and scoring was spread evenly amongst all players. When the dust settled at halftime, the ‘Birds held a shocking 42-35 lead. In the 2nd half, Coby Felsman (18 pts) and Evan Peters (8pts) did everything they could to overcome that lead.
Just as it appeared that Twisted Willow was going to pull even, Dane Samuel countered with a series of consecutive 3's, leading Ladybird to an insurmountable 17-4 run with just minutes remaining. Dane and Ian Samuel led Ladybird to their upset victory with 24 and 22 points.
History shows that there is nothing so easy to enslave and nothing so hard to emancipate as ignorance, hence it becomes the double enemy of civilization. By its servility it is the prey of tyranny, and by its credulity it is the foe of enlightenment.
The Kenya Internally Displaced Persons Organisation has raised concern that the resettlement of IDP's is taking longer than necessary.
The organisation claims that some Government officers have diverted money meant to resettle the IDP's especially in Nakuru area, to other uses other than its intended use.
The organisation now wants the IDP's resettled before the coming elections in August.
Pittsfield police are asking for the public's help in finding Maria Shaw, a 17-year-old girl who has been reported missing.
Shaw, who is white with light brown hair and blue eyes, ran away from home, police told MassLive.
Police are asking anyone with information about her whereabouts to call the Pittsfield Police Department at 413-448-9700 or leave an anonymous tip using the Tip411 app.
Advertisers Say The Influential Male Demographic Is Waning Men between the ages of 18 and 34 have been a key demographic for marketers for years. That's starting to change, say some marketing experts, who say the economic fortunes of these men have declined.
Of Consuming Interest is a weekly show examining the most important consumer issues today. Shirley can be reached via email at shirley@callforaction.org .
TORONTO — The Roughriders are ranked last overall in rushing, but Toronto defensive back Jermaine Gabriel says he expects the ground game to be a key element of Saskatchewan's offensive attack Saturday.
The Argonauts (7-7) host Saskatchewan (7-6) at BMO Field looking for a fourth straight win.
Trent Richardson, a former first-round pick of the NFL's Cleveland Browns, will make his CFL debut with a Saskatchewan team averaging a league-low 69.8 yards rushing per game.
Saskatchewan comes in having won its last two road games.
World's best Neuer incredible on return – Sule
Germany defender Niklas Sule lauded Manuel Neuer as the goalkeeper continues his return.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 05:45 IST 46 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer
Manuel Neuer is the world's best goalkeeper and his return to training was incredible, according to Germany defender Niklas Sule.
Neuer, 32, missed almost the entire season after breaking his foot in Bayern Munich training last year.
But the shot-stopper is making a timely return for Germany, who included Neuer in their preliminary squad for their World Cup defence.
Sule was impressed by what he saw from Neuer in training ahead of the goalkeeper's return against Austria in a friendly on Saturday.
"At first I couldn't believe it, when Manu did his first training after four months out and sensationally saved one ball after the other. It was as if he had never left," he said on Wednesday.
"I hadn't witnessed something like that before. His body language is simply incredible.
"He is the best keeper in the world, and for me it is great to play with him at the Bayern and cause him problems by shooting my swirling shots on goal."
More match practice this morning for @Manuel_Neuer, who played 60 minutes for the U20s against the first team.
And he made some fine saves too #ZSMMN #DieMannschaft pic.twitter.com/g4xaTcBRt7 — Germany (@DFB_Team_EN) May 30, 2018
Neuer is Germany's undisputed number one if fit, which would leave Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen on the bench.
While not guaranteeing Neuer's spot, Germany assistant coach Thomas Schneider said the shot-stopper would start if ready.
"The coaches Jogi [Low, head coach] and Andi [Kopke, goalkeeping coach] talked to Marc-Andre, who had a very good season and is an important part of the team since the Confederations Cup last year and who got even better this year," he said.
"But Manu is a complete goalkeeper. His name, the way he moves, his presence on the pitch and his technical skills. He has been named the world's best goalkeeper for a reason.
"Of course it is no easy situation for Marc now, but when you have such a unbelievably good goalkeeper in your team like Manuel, you want him to play."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
VISTA, Calif. – A realtor describes how his years in law enforcement led to him finding a woman looting a home evacuated due to the Lilac Fire Sunday.
Realtor Torrey Cluette has 25 years of experience as a former deputy and police officer. On Sunday, his law enforcement instincts kicked in.
"As a law enforcement officer you're always trained to watch out for people's safety, but you also have to watch out especially in a time of an evacuation. You're watching out for people's property as well," he said.
Cluett was checking on his client's home on Disney Lane in Vista when he noticed an unfamiliar car parked in the driveway packed with items from the house.
"At that point my radar kind of went up and that's when I saw movement behind the shed,” said Cluett.
Cluett says he was stunned to find the woman, identified by officials as 43-year old Sacheen Silvercloud. The woman told Cluett she was an investor interested in the property.
"The hairs go up on the back of your neck and you kind of know when someone's lying to you anyway,” said Cluett. “She had a story right off the bat which I was pretty impressed with. But as I started looking past her and looking into the car I could see stuff from inside the house so at that point I knew the gig was up."
Cluett called deputies who then arrested Silvercloud on the spot on suspicion of burglary during a state of emergency. She faces charges of possession of drug paraphernalia and driving under the influence.
"At that point it is just stuff, people are safe, that's a good thing, but at the same time you don't want people taken advantage of others when they're down and out," he said.
The items that were taken have since been recovered.
Silvercloud is being held at Vista County Jail and expected to be arraigned Tuesday and is being held on $56,000 bail.
According to a Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) report, mobile operators jointly added about 1 crore new customers in June, of which over 60 lakh were added by Reliance Jio alone. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
New Delhi: Telecom subscriber base in India grew by about half a per cent to cross the 121-crore mark at June-end, with the mobile segment accounting for the lion's share of growth with a net addition of over 60 lakh customers.
Broadband subscriber base, dominated by mobile users, topped 30 crore, from 29.16 crore in May, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) said in a report.
“The number of telephone subscribers in India increased from 1,204.98 million at the end of May 2017 to 1,210.84 million at the end of June 2017, showing a monthly growth rate of 0.49%,” Trai said in the monthly subscribers report.
Out of 11 telecom operators, only five top mobile players—Reliance Jio, Bharti Airtel, BSNL, Vodafone and Idea Cellular—were able to add new customers.
Loss of mobile subscribers by Tata Teleservices, Reliance Communications (RCom), Telenor, Aircel, Sistema Shyam and MTNL held back the growth rate.
With a net addition of about 60 lakh, overall mobile subscriber base in the country grew to 118.6 crore at the end of June, up from 118 crore at the end of May.
Mobile operators jointly added about 1 crore new customers, of which over 60 lakh were added by Jio alone. In May, Jio had added over 47 lakh.
It was followed by Bharti Airtel, which added over 20.47 lakh new customers compared with 20.98 lakh in May. State-owned BSNL and Vodafone were neck and neck with 9.95 lakh and 9.88 lakh net customer addition, respectively. Idea could add only 35,541 new customers in June.
Tata Teleservices lost 17.25 lakh subscribers, while RCom , Telenor, Aircel, Sistema Shyam and MTNL lost 10 lakh, 6.82 lakh, 4.1 lakh, 2.48 lakh and 250 mobile subscribers, respectively.
Out of total mobile subscribers, 102.27 crore were found active in June.
The landline segment remained a net loser, with BSNL losing over 1.5 lakh subscribers—the highest by an operator. MTNL, RCom and Sistema Shyam lost 10,438, 3,690 and 1,397 landline customers, respectively.
Private operators such as Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Quadrant and Tata jointly added about 15,000 landline customers though. Total landline subscriber base in the country declined to 2.4 crore at June-end, from 2.41 crore at the end of May.
In the broadband segment, there were about 28 crore wireless mobile broadband connections and 1.83 crore fixed line ones.
“Top five service providers constituted 89.08% market share of the total broadband subscribers at the end of June 2017. These service providers were Reliance Jio Infocomm (12.33 crore), Bharti Airtel (5.53 crore), Vodafone (4.11 crore), Idea Cellular (26.37 crore) and BSNL (2.17 crore),” the report stated.
Bridgehampton Presbyterian Church's first worshippers gathered in a 17th century hut-like meeting house where religious services were announced by drum beat and musket-toting men stood outside to protect against Indians and other trouble.
Today the church's building on Montauk Highway stands as an example of Greek Revival architectural style, as well as other influences, and represents an important page in the community's history. State officials last month recommended the church be placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
“Our church has been greatly honored by New York's decision to include us in the state's registry of historic sites and to nominate us for federal registration,” said the Rev. Peter Sulyok of Bridgehampton. “Our listing recognizes the relationship of the church to the community and its architectural significance.”
Sulyok said the church has about 200 members, including some from families that have been part of the congregation for more than 10 generations.
The current structure, built in 1842, is the third building that has housed the congregation. The second was constructed in 1737 to replace the thatched-roof meeting place built in 1686.
“Part of the church's merit for registry is the seamless merging of the several architectural styles in vogue during the 19th century into a beautiful structure,” said Ronald E. Brackett, a member of the church, and chairman of its historical and restoration committee. “The most readily recognized is the Greek Revival, common at the time of construction and then repeated later in the century.”
Brackett said the rear addition, portico and porte cochère entry were completed in the late 19th century and reflect several contemporary styles of that time.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“There was a renovation in the 1960s,” Brackett, a Water Mill resident, said as he walked around the sanctuary. “But the general appearance, most of it goes back to the 1840s, with some modifications after that.” Additions over the years resulted in Greek Revival and Federalist elements being incorporated. Some of the wood from the second church structure was used to construct the current building.
“It looks like one church, but they integrated a lot of styles,” Brackett said. “Most of the architectural forms of the 19th century wandered some way or another into this building. There are very few churches of this background and appearance in the state. It's considered to be rather remarkable.”
“Today” show host Matt Lauer and his wife, Annette Roque, were married at the church in 1998.
“We chose it because it is right across the street from the place where we had one of our first dates,” Lauer said in an interview last week. The date had been at Karen Lee's restaurant.
“It was one of those dates where everything clicked, and I walked Annette home right past that church,” Lauer said. “It had symbolic meaning to us, and we liked the minister there very much. It just seemed like a natural choice.”
Polaroid Originals
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Polaroid appeals to professionals and amateurs alike, thanks to its immediacy and the raw yet familiar images it produces. The camera is a testament to our love of the analogue and the physical that it would have such a lasting impact in the digital age. Debuting here, exclusively on CR, a new project by Ryan McGinley recalls the nature of this format through a new generation of image-makers handpicked by the artist himself.
Marcus Branch, one of the artists selected by Ryan McGinley for New Originals Polaroid Originals
Titled New Originals, the project symbolizes the passing of the torch as each of McGinley's artists are given their own spotlight to shine. Featured in a forthcoming exhibit and limited-edition zine, the roster includes New York photographers Hunter Abrams, Rochelle Brockington, Sabrina Santiago, and Myles Loftin, as well as the Philadelphia-based Marcus Branch.
“The Polaroid format is what opened the door for my photography and creating relationships with the people I photographed,” explains McGinley, who used the camera for his series The Kids Were Alright, 98-03. “With it, the moments you have and connections you make with who you're photographing can be even more impactful than the one shot you have.”
Artist Sabrina Santiago Polaroid Originals
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
What is perhaps the most interesting aspect of New Originals is the ways in which each photographer interprets their equipment. McGinley's artists have a diverse body of work that aren't necessarily Polaroid-based. Abrams, for example, is an artful documentarian, capturing everything from street style to protests in editorial-like images. Meanwhile, Santiago, shows a bit of grit in her images, whether they be stylized shoots or portraits of New Yorkers themselves. Branch is particularly gifted at capturing portraits both in his fashion work, and his lifestyle photography. Brockington and Loftin are both known for the subjects that their portfolios feature: the former views size-inclusive fashion photography that is wildly colorful and beautifully lit, while the latter explores race, youth, masculinity, and the intersection of these identities.
Artist Myles Loftin Polaroid Originals
Countless artists have found inspiration through the humble camera, including Andy Warhol, who famously shot still life objects as well as his famous friends, and Guy Bourdain, who artfully put Polaroid photos into his work, creating a surreal effect. The New Originals exhibit and zine is a fascinating way of modernizing this type of photography, and hopefully with McGinley's help will continue to inspire a new generation to take more analogue photos.
Rochelle Brockington, one of the artists selected by Ryan McGinley for the New Originals exhibit Polaroid Originals
Artist Hunter Abrams Polaroid Originals
The New Originals exhibit will open in New York City on December 6, 2017.
At 19 tracks and more than an hour long, the album, his second as King Krule, feels like a swan dive into Marshall's turbulent subconscious, jarring by design as it lurches from laid-back almost-rap ("Biscuit Town") to post-Clash punk ("Dum Surfer") back to '50s-style rock 'n' roll balladeering ("Lonely Blue").
The titular "ooz" — a versatile metaphor that applies equally well to mental health and songwriting — represents all the excess crud our bodies are constantly discharging.
"You go to sleep and your nails grow, you get boogies, your hair, your teeth," Marshall explained while chain-smoking. "You've got to refine it every day."
The album, dense and uncompromising, as well as its delayed delivery, also places Marshall in a class of semi-reluctant indie idols like Frank Ocean, Earl Sweatshirt and James Blake — a cadre of cult artists in the making (and like-minded sometime collaborators) who have chosen to withdraw rather than ride the ego-dragon into commercial ubiquity.
All prodigy children of the internet who synthesized original combinations of influences — and adolescent angst — into fresh sounds, this group tends to inspire deep, loyal fandom with its commitment to artistic integrity and layered multimedia work.
"It's about creating a universe for yourself," said Marshall, who credits film (David Lynch, Jim Jarmusch, George A. Romero), literature (W.H. Auden, Charles Bukowski) and video games for his dedication to world-building and penchant for scattering referential Easter eggs.
Courting obsessive listeners and not flooding the market, Marshall said, is a survival tactic.
"You see kids, they make one good track, they do one great feature and then they're everywhere, they've got a million people watching them," he said. "I wanted to develop and preserve my art."
"If you overdo it, people get sick of you," he added. "I've just revelled in being kind of mysterious." (In addition to King Krule, Marshall has made music under aliases including Zoo Kid, DJ JD Sports and Edgar the Beatmaker.)
Dean Bein, the founder of True Panther Sounds, Marshall's label, wrote in an email that upon meeting the singer, at 15, "I knew he was special. Even then, he didn't do anything for the look or for attention. His moves are always decisive."
Bein recalled Marshall turning down a "super prominent magazine cover" early on "because he felt he hadn't earned it yet," and balking similarly at "some very notable collaborations because he couldn't see how the artists' sounds would work with his."
Marshall was more blunt.
"I remember even getting hit up by Kanye to go to the studio. Anyone else in my shoes would've done it," he said. "I couldn't be bothered." It wasn't out of a sense of superiority, he stressed, but because of the pressure to create on call.
"I like the physicality of living with someone, sleeping next to them, eating with them. And eventually we might make a tune," Marshall said.
"I've turned down so many opportunities where I could maybe be rich right now." He stopped himself with a laugh and an expletive. "Ugh, why didn't I do it?"
Bein added: "As his record label, you can imagine this has often been frustrating," but Marshall's devotion to his art "easily trumps any frustration that might come from the counter-commercial moves he's made over the years."
For "The Ooz," Marshall found inspiration in a combination of the conventional and the foreign.
Back in his old neighbourhood, he had collaborated with his older brother, Jack, on an art book and short film with a more beat-oriented soundtrack ("A New Place 2 Drown," released in 2015 under his given name), but more traditional songwriting was not flowing.
"I was going to the same pubs, chilling with the same friends," he said. "Then I got these two exotic people in my life and all of a sudden things started to change."
One was a Spanish saxophonist named Ignacio Salvadores, who sent Marshall an unsolicited video on Facebook of himself playing under a London bridge.
Moved by its beauty, Marshall invited him to come play at a show that very night, and there, they jammed for hours — "no conversation, just straight playing music," Marshall said. Salvadores went on to perform on much of the album.
Also featured on "The Ooz," speaking a poem in Spanish, is a woman from Barcelona called a muse by Marshall.
"It gave me something romantic, every time I'd go home," Marshall said. "Every night I'd play guitar and she'd be sat there and she'd look beautiful. It helped my outlook on myself and the record."
Later on the album, Marshall's father reads an English translation of the same poem, which again is packed with King Krule's thematic connective tissue: isolation, drowning, the moon, the colour blue. "Me and you against this city of parasites," he concludes. "Parasite/paradise."
Familial connections, including to his divorced parents, are another through line in Marshall's work, a key to decoding his disparate influences and philosophical dogmas.
His mother ("a wild one") is a musician and screen printer who recorded a "dub-jazz poetry record" and hung a portrait of Fela Kuti in her home, while his father, an art director and musician from a line of artists, introduced his son to classic rock.
"All of their taste is so refined and so cool," Marshall said, as if he were giving away his secret.
"Everyone in my family can put pen to paper and sell it," he added. "But they don't sell it."
New York Times News Service
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Virat Kohli unfazed by limited game time for India's middle order
by Reuters News 14 Jun 2017, 20:28 IST
Britain Cricket - India Press Conference - Edgbaston - June 14, 2017 India's Virat Kohli during a press conference Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
REUTERS - India captain Virat Kohli shrugged off concerns about his team's lower-middle order ahead of their Champions Trophy semi-final with Bangladesh on Thursday and called for complete focus against their "dangerous" opponents.
India's top order were solid in group stage victories over Pakistan and South Africa, meaning the likes of Hardik Pandya, Kedar Jadhav and Ravindra Jadeja have not really been tested apart from during the defeat by Sri Lanka.
The trio did not bat against South Africa and Jadeja has not faced a ball in the tournament, leading to concerns about what might happen if the likes of Rohit Sharma, Shikhar Dhawan, Kohli, Yuvraj Singh and Mahendra Singh Dhoni fail to fire.
"As a batsman you want to finish off games," Kohli told a news conference on Wednesday. "You are not necessarily going to get out thinking 'my middle order has not got enough game time'.
"We know Kedar and Hardik are playing really well at the moment so we are not bothered at all."
Kohli said India would field the same team that pulled off a comprehensive eight-wicket win over South Africa in their last match, meaning spinner Ravichandran Ashwin will keep his place at the expense of pace bowler Umesh Yadav.
The skipper also warned his team not to underestimate Bangladesh, a team who have improved dramatically over the past few years to the point where they are now one game away from reaching a first final at an ICC event.
"It's no surprise anymore to anyone that they are doing really well," Kohli added. "They are a very dangerous side on their day and everyone realises that ... Bangladesh have taken huge strides."
Bangladesh skipper Mashrafe Mortaza urged his team not to let the hype surrounding the match get to them.
"Our plan was always to take it match by match," he said. "I think if everyone approaches the semi-final as just another match, it will be good for the team.
"There will be a lot of hype around this game ... but our first task is to stay relaxed and play."
Mortaza said Bangladesh would need to adapt to the conditions at Edgbaston, a venue they have not played at yet during the tournament.
"The wicket looks the same as the one at The Oval," he added. "It could be tough, but the truth is we will have to adjust to playing on it no matter what shape it is in."
The Bangladesh skipper also dismissed concerns that the pressure of the occasion could get to his side.
"If you talk about pressure, I think India has more pressure than us. Because huge population is there and the people love cricket a lot," he said. "Both teams have a lot of expectations."
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; Editing by Alison Williams)
Peterborough kick-boxer Kyle Findley turned up the heat in Greece last week to strike World Championship gold.
Findley (26), son of former world karate champion Clifton Findley, was a member of the 190-strong England squad fighting in the ISKA World Championships in Athens.
And he was determined to make up for the disappointment of last year when he had to settle for the silver medal in Germany after losing in the final to a German opponent.
He fought in the Men's Under 75kg class and got off to a great start by beating a Ukrainian fighter in the first round and then he knocked out a Greek opponent.
That earned him a place in the final alongside fellow English fighter, James Ollerenshaw, and after a terrific contest it was Findley who came out on top.
He now has five ISKA world titles to his name and is already looking forward to next year's World Championships in Montego Bay, Jamaica.
Dad Clifton said: “I was so proud of my son. It was great seeing him on the podium again, especially as I missed last year in Germany when I went in for an emergency hip replacement.”
This year England topped the medal table for the first time in four years with 46 gold medals. Germany were second with 44 followed by the USA (27 )and Greece (25).
Fulcrum, the multi-utility infrastructure and services provider based in Sheffield, has entered into a conditional agreement to acquire Dunamis, an electrical connections company, in a deal worth £22m.
The acquisition will create one of the UK's leading gas and electrical infrastructure services groups, and enable AIM-listed Fulcrum to expand further into the electrical connections market, which is estimated to be worth more than £500m per year.
The deal represents the latest bid for electrical market growth by Fulcrum, which employs more than 200 people, around half of them in Sheffield. At the end of 2017, the firm secured its Independent Distribution Network Operator (iDNO) licence, which enables it to adopt, own and operate electrical assets.
Martin Harrison, Fulcrum's chief executive officer, said: “This acquisition meets key strategic goals for Fulcrum – accelerating our future growth through the cross-selling of gas and electrical connection services, increasing electrical asset adoption opportunities and significantly expanding and extending our direct delivery capability within the electrical infrastructure market.”
The Dunamis Group, which is based in Bury St Edmunds, was founded in 2012 by chairman Wayne Hayes and has quickly become one of the UK's leading independent electrical connections providers; it now has four divisions and employs 48 people. As part of an enlarged Fulcrum Group, it will continue to trade under its existing brands.
Mr Hayes will join the board of Fulcrum as a non-executive dir-ector alongside Fulcrum's chief financial officer, Hazel Griffiths, who becomes executive director.
The £22m price tag was funded through a combination of Fulcrum's existing cash reserves and a placing of 17,376,000 new ordinary shares to raise £10.4m. Fulcrum will also issue £11.2m of new ordinary shares to the sellers.
Mr Harrison added: “Under Wayne's leadership, Dunamis has become an established and respected business within the electrical infrastructure market. Together with the combined expertise of the enlarged group, we have a real opportunity to rapidly develop our position within the utility services market.
“I am particularly pleased that Wayne and the senior management will become shareholders in the enlarged group and look forward to welcoming Wayne to our board.”
Fulcrum was advised by Walker Morris; Dunamis by GCA Altium.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
British holidaymakers could save up to 49% off hotel stays during the summer and it's all down to when you book your holiday.
TripAdvisor's 'Best Time to Book' report looked at average summer prices across 15 popular destinations, to determine just when you could be bagging the best bargains.
It's good news for early birds, as the study revealed that it's actually better to plan several months in advance rather than booking last minute if you're after the best rates.
In fact, only two destinations had cheaper prices for bookings less than a month before; New York City and Tokyo.
Meanwhile, if you've been considering a city break to Dubai then you may want to book within three months of the trip, as the research revealed that you could save up to 49% off hotel rooms.
Which means more money to spend on the city's theme parks, shopping malls and attractions.
Cancun required the most advanced booking for the best deals, with rooms up to 11% cheaper when booked between 5-8 months ahead of the trip. So although it's too late for this year, it's worth keeping your eyes peeled for 2019.
You can check out the full list of destinations and when to book for the best deals below...
Book 3-9 months in advance
Barcelona: savings of up to 23%
Rome: savings of up to 22%
Prague: savings of up to 20%
Cancun: savings of up to 11% (When booked 5-8 months ahead)
Book 2-7 months in advance
Paris: savings of up to 19%
Orlando: savings of up to 15% (When booked within five months)
Buenos Aires: savings of up to 12% (When booked within 3-6 months)
(Image: Moment RF)
Book within 3 months
Dubai: savings of up to 49%
Bangkok: savings of up to 16%
Hanoi: savings of up to 14% (When booked within two months)
Singapore: savings of up to 14%
Cape Town: savings of up to 12% (When booked within two months)
Book within 5 weeks
Sydney: savings of up to 25%
Book within 1 month
New York: savings of up to 40%
Tokyo: savings of up to 30%
(Image: Getty)
The best all-inclusive holiday deals and expert tips to find an unbeatable package break
Of course it's worth noting that the data only looked at hotel bookings, not package holidays - and there are some destinations working out very cheap for Brits after all-inclusive packages this summer .
TripAdvisor spokesperson Hayley Coleman said: "Getting the best hotel deal for your summer holidays is not just about finding the best dates to travel, it's also about being smart about when you book your hotel for the dates you've selected.
"Holiday-goers who time it right can save a huge amount compared to the average prices others will pay.
"For most destinations, you can feel confident you are getting the best deal if you book a few months ahead of your trip, but it can vary depending on the destination, so it's worth being savvy in your research."
GREENFIELD -- Jurors are now being seated in the murder trial of Brittany Smith, the second of two suspects in an Oct. 5, 2016 home invasion that left a 95-year-old Orange man dead and his 77-year-old wife fatally wounded, according to the office of Northwestern District Attorney David Sullivan.
Smith, 29, of Athol, has pleaded not guilty to charges in the deaths of Thomas Harty and Joanna Fisher, who prosecutors say were relaxing at home when Smith and Joshua Hart, 25, also of Athol, entered the house and attacked them.
Hart and Smith were apprehended days later in Virginia.
Earlier this month, Hart was convicted on two counts of first degree murder, and faces a mandatory minimum sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole.
Hart and Smith, indicted in December, are being tried separately in Franklin Superior Court.
Smith's lawyer, Mary Ann Stamm, last week requested a change in venue and limits on courtroom use of photos of victims' bodies, according to the Greenfield Recorder. Judge John Agostini has yet to rule on those motions.
At the time of her arrest, Smith was also wanted in Alaska on theft charges.
A member of the public rescued a dog after it fell through ice on a frozen river in Hawes.
North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service were called to Market Place in North Yorkshire town shortly after 9.20am this morning.
A spokesperson said: "Hawes fire crews responded to a Labrador that had fallen through the ice on a frozen river.
However a member of the public rescued the dog prior to Fire Service arrival."
The fate of Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co. will largely hinge on its implementation of bold self-rescue measures and a revival of new orders, even after bondholders of the world's largest shipyard by order backlog accepted the massive debt restructuring proposal, industry watchers said Tuesday.
Over the past two days, investors who hold some 1.3 trillion won ($1.13 billion) worth of bonds sold by Daewoo Shipbuilding have overwhelmingly voted for the debt rescheduling proposal drawn up by its creditors led by the state-run Korea Development, a precondition set by the creditors for a fresh cash injection of some 2.9 trillion won into the shipyard.
(Yonhap)
Holders of commercial papers sold by the shipyard, worth 200 billion won, are also required to decide on the debt rescheduling plan this week, with watchers expecting them to support the scheme.Such a development is expected to give the shipyard a new lease to sort out its problems and stay afloat till conditions improve.The approval came after weeks of negotiations between the KDB-led creditors and the National Pension Service, Daewoo Shipbuilding's largest bondholder, over the debt restructuring, with the latter wanting to reduce the losses to be incurred on it as much as possible.The KDB-led creditors sweetened their offer with a pledge to keep money in an account for bond repayments before its maturity.Creditors and policymakers have warned that under the "pain-sharing" principle, the shipyard would be put under near court receivership, unless bondholders agree to the debt rescheduling measures.Even after the debt rescheduling plan is approved by bondholders, Daewoo Shipbuilding is estimated to have a shortfall of some 1.5 trillion won this month and next month. Given this, the KDB-led creditors are expected to inject sizable sums of cash into the shipyard from May with a proposed debt-for-equity swap to be completed in June, industry sources said.With the worst scenario for the embattled shipbuilder seemingly averted, the shipyard will be expected to face growing pressure to proceed with its promised self-rescue measures worth 5.3 trillion won until 2018. As part of these measures, the shipyard has already sold off noncore assets and cut its workforce, through which it has raised or saved 1.8 trillion won.Next year alone, Daewoo Shipbuilding has to implement a 3.5 trillion won self-rescue plan, but Jung Sung-leep, president of Daewoo Shipbuilding, acknowledged earlier that the shipyard is left with nothing to sell in terms of assets.The shipyard's labor union accepted a proposed pay cut for workers from the shipyard's creditors. Daewoo Shipbuilding will be required to cut 25 percent of its personnel costs and slash its workforce by 1,000.Even with the new lifeline extended from creditors, Daewoo Shipbuilding may face difficulty in standing on its own feet unless it secures new orders, industry watchers said.So far this year, the shipyard has secured $770 million worth of orders and targets to clinch orders worth as much as $5.5 billion this year."With the debt rescheduling and a fresh cash injection, Daewoo Shipbuilding has secured a time to stay afloat," said Lee Jae-won, an analyst at Yuanta Securities. "But it could face another round of liquidity shortage depending on the market situation."Last year, the shipyard bagged orders worth $1.5 billion, about 10 percent of its annual order target."This year, new shipbuilding orders are forecast to increase, but any meaningful recovery is unlikely due to a still-unresolved supply glut and other market uncertainties," said Kim Chon-koo, an analyst at Hyundai Research Institute.Daewoo Shipbuilding said earlier that its portfolio will be mostly made up of LNG carriers and other specialty vessels, with the company expecting a business turnaround this year."Starting this year, a huge chunk of our portfolio will consist of LNG ships and other vessels that we specialize in. Most of the loss-making offshore facilities projects have been completed," the company said earlier.Daewoo Shipbuilding said as of end-February its order backlog came to 108 ships, 50 out of which are LNG-FSRU ships."We are going to reduce our exposure to risky offshore projects while focusing on commercial ships and specialty vessels," it said.Daewoo Shipbuilding's President Jung also assured investors that the shipyard will be able to turn back to the black this year.The shipbuilder suffered an operating loss of 1.61 trillion won last year following an operating loss of 2.94 trillion won in 2015.Its net loss narrowed to 2.71 trillion won last year from a loss of 3.3 trillion won a year earlier with sales also dipping 15.1 percent on-year to reach 12.74 trillion won. (Yonhap)
The construction of the new hospitality project is expected to begin this year and the hotels will be operational by end 2021.
New Delhi: Hospitality firm Hilton on Monday announced that it has partnered with property developer Embassy Group to develop two new hotels in Bengaluru. As per the agreement, the dual-branded property is developed and owned by the Embassy Group and managed by Hilton.
The property to be located within the 100-acre Embassy TechVillage Business Park will have two hotel brands—a 300-room Hilton Hotels & Resorts and 200-room Hilton Garden Inn hotel. This is the third dual branded hotel of Embassy Group and Hilton after the launch of two properties at Golf Links and Manyata Business Park in the city.
“We are delighted to reinforce our partnership with Embassy Group and we strongly believe that this dual branded concept will immensely benefit our guests. We are witnessing positive signs with an uptake in both domestic and international inbound travel. Hilton will continue its endeavour to deliver best-in-class hospitality to our discerning guests as we take rapid strides to increase our presence in the growing Indian hospitality industry,” said Navjit Ahluwalia, senior vice president and country head, Hilton India.
The construction of the new hospitality project is expected to begin this year and the hotels will be operational by end 2021.
“We are delighted to sign our third hotel project with Hilton, reflecting the powerful synergies and collaboration between both Groups. Using Embassy's proven expertise in project development; we are focused on delivering landmark hotels that will provide an elevated service for our corporate occupiers within their work environment. As in the past five years, the mainstay of our Hospitality foray will be to build hotels and mixed-use developments as part of our business parks,” said Jitu Virwani, chairman and managing director of Embassy Group.
The new dual-branded property is being designed by Singapore-based architecture firm Smallwood, Reynolds, Stewart, Stewart & Associates. The property will be part of a mixed-use development model which provides residential, commercial, cultural and entertainment facilities at one location. The property will house a food and beverage and retail hub, over one million square feet of commercial towers and a 30,000 square feet convention facility.
Test Boost Elite complement has the potential to hurry up your metabolism the herbal manner. this permits you to shed kilos of frame fats at warp pace.the fifth and very last tip to shed kilos of body fats at warp velocity is through making sure that you maintain a ailment unfastened frame. Test Boost Elite most sicknesses strike a human body is it occurs to be vulnerable from within. in easy words a susceptible immune gadget is frequently the cause in the back of chronic illnesses infecting your frame on occasion. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
ENGLAND prop Alex Walmsley is facing a lengthy spell out of the game after breaking his neck.
The Dewsbury-born St Helens forward, such a hit in the World Cup, fractured a bone against Warrington Wolves recently and has undergone surgery.
“It is obviously a massive blow to our team given the fact that Alex is the best front rower in Super League,” said St Helens coach Justin Holbrook.
“But importantly the news that Alex will make a full recovery from the injury is one we all welcome.
“The surgeon has told both Alex and the club that he will make a full recovery and his neck will be stronger than ever.”
Elsewhere, organisers are pressing ahead with plans to take a Super League fixture to America, but face a race against time to enter a New York club in English competition in 2019.
It is six months since a consortium submitted an application to join the Championship, but they are still waiting to get the go-ahead.
An RFL delegation visited New York in January and has asked for more details about the business plan of the proposed new club who will still try for 2020 even if time does run out.
Meanwhile, talks are ongoing with the Red Bull Arena and US broadcasting companies about taking a Super League game to New York later this year and Ricky Wilby, the Englishman fronting the bid, says the consortium will cover all costs of the travelling teams.
Salford have expressed a willingness to switch one of their home games to the Big Apple and, although an initial proposal to move their Good Friday fixture with Catalans Dragons has fallen through, Wilby says there are two other Super Leagues clubs keen to become involved.
Warrington have completed the signing of ex-Wigan Warriors and England winger Josh Charnley from Sale Sharks on a three-year deal.
Halifax host Oldham in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup tonight while Featherstone Rovers welcome North Wales Crusaders after both ties were postponed due to the bad weather at the weekend. Hunslet Hawks' Challenge Cup game against Bradford Bulls has been rearranged for Easter Monday.
Long before her debut graphic memoir Am I There Yet? was available in bookstores, Mari Andrew was inspiring fans with her heartfelt and relatable illustrations on Instagram about life, love, and growing up. For many of her over 841,00 followers, the account is also the perfect place to find relatable illustrations about grief and heartbreak.
Andrew originally started drawing as a way to cope during a difficult period of her life when she says she was "feeling pretty lost." Her illustrations were a way for her to process what she was going through, and she only began sharing them on Instagram as a way to keep herself accountable during a doodle-a-day challenge. It didn't take long, though, for Andrew's account to capture the attention of followers who saw their own experiences reflected in her witty drawings about everyday life.
Am I There Yet?, Andrew's debut graphic memoir, beautifully captures what it is like to be a young adult through a series of insightful illustrations and first person essays about friendship, love, loss, illness, and learning to be yourself. It's the perfect gift for recent graduates about to become real adults, millennials who are unsure of what to do with their lives, or really anyone struggles with heartbreak or grief. Andrew has been there before, and her drawings show it.
Am I There Yet? The Loop-de-Loop, Zig-Zagging Journey to Adulthood by Mari Andrew, $15, Amazon
To help celebrate the release of her debut book, Andrew will be at this year's BookCon for a Meet-and-Greet on June 2. Held at the Jacob Javits Center in New York City, BookCon is one of the biggest book events of the year, and if you want to meet Andrew, you can still get tickets so you can thank her for creating a book that might have helped you get through your heartache in person. For fans who can't make it to NYC, Bustle asked Andrew to share what books helped her get through grief and heartache, and her answers are perfect companions to Am I There Yet?
'The Bright Hour' by Nina Riggs "A joyous, raw, honest, and FUNNY perspective on death. I read this while I was recovering from near-fatal illness and was so grateful for Nina's openness and wit even as she knew she was actively dying," Andrew says. Click here to buy.
'Fun Home' by Alison Bechdel "This is such a complex book that has grown with me over the past several years. I owe a great deal to Bechdel, who wrote so openly about her complicated relationship with her father's death and empowered me to do the same." Click here to buy.
TORONTO — An NDP government in Ontario would spend $1.2 billion to provide dental coverage to an additional 4.5 million people, with the money coming from higher taxes for the wealthy and corporations, party leader Andrea Horwath said Monday.
If the party wins the provincial election in June, it will run a deficit to spend significantly on health care, Horwath said.
The NDP plan — called Ontario Benefits — would provide coverage for students, seniors and people working jobs without dental benefits, she said.
"No matter how you work, from full-time and part-time employees, to independent workers on contract or freelance, you will have health benefits," Horwath said. "You will be able to get the dental care that you need."
The NDP dental plan, first announced Saturday, would extend publicly-funded dental care to all seniors without retiree benefits at a cost of $670 million in its first year. The second stage of the plan would provide dental benefits to all workers, which the party estimates would cost $575 million a year. The plan would be fully implemented by 2020.
The plan would cover a number of dental procedures including basic exams, cleanings, x-rays, preventative and minor restorative work and necessary dentures.
The plan for workers would be funded with mix of employer and employee contributions similar to the employment insurance. People earning under $30,000 would have their contributions refunded, while workers making over $60,000 would contribute a maximum of $4.33 a week.
Horwath said an NDP government would also raise the money to pay for the plan by increasing taxes on the wealthy and corporations.
"Our platform will be fully-costed and it will have a responsible fiscal plan attached to it," she said. "But that does include protecting lower income and middle class families from cost pressures. ... But the wealthiest among us and the most profitable corporations will be asked to pay their fair share."
The NDP leader also said that her party would run a deficit if elected, but she would not provide any further details.
The Myth Of Trump's Economic Populism, As Proven By The Tax Bill
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Walsh/AP Susan Walsh/AP
Once upon a time, there was a group of conservative intellectuals who were agnostic about Donald Trump.
Politics Will The Tax Overhaul Help The Working Class? Will The Tax Overhaul Help The Working Class? Listen · 4:48 4:48
They were not "Never Trumpers," but they weren't Trump superfans either.
They thought Trumpism might offer something new for the GOP. Since Trump wasn't tied to the orthodoxies of either party he could, theoretically, offer a more populist path toward the future for Republicans.
Conservative writer Henry Olsen, at the Ethics and Public Policy Center, looked to the tax plan to reflect this new vision, but it wasn't there.
What gets them riled up and active is the embrace of the culture-war issues — that Trump has shown himself perfectly happy to fight in a way that Republicans in a lot of other positions have been unwilling to traditionally.
For now, Olsen said, "Trumpian populism remains a tantalizing promise for people who are interested in it."
Olsen expected the tax plan to include some of Trump's populist campaign promises — that the rich would pay more, the forgotten working class would pay less, and special interest loopholes like the carried-interest provision for hedge-fund managers would be gone.
But the tax bill ended up instead being traditionally Republican in its focus on cutting taxes for the well-to-do but barely touching the working class and not helping the middle class to a significant degree.
"That's not what Trump promised," Olsen said. "And it's not what Trump's voters thought they were getting."
Whatever happened to Ivanka Trump's child-care tax credit?
One of the biggest disappointments for conservatives who believed that Trump could have offered a new, more reform-minded populist economics was the failure of the expanded, child-care tax credit offered by Republican Sens. Mike Lee and Marco Rubio.
It was an actual populist idea, geared to the working class, because it was refundable against payroll taxes. But not only did the Republican leadership oppose it, they made sure it failed by requiring it to get 60 votes, unlike other amendments.
Not populist but very conservative
The tax bill might not be the kind of populist piece of legislation Trump promised during the campaign, but it does have a lot in it to make conservatives happy. Obamacare is unraveled; there are more tax breaks for people who home-school their kids or send them to religious schools, and there are tax hikes for graduate students, university endowments and voters in high-tax states. In other words — Democrats.
Maybe economic policy isn't the point of Trumpism at all
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
Maybe the most important thing Trump offers his supporters isn't economic policy or any policy at all — it's his racially charged Twitter feed and the cultural grievances it directs at immigrants, Muslims and millionaire black athletes.
Sure, Trump's followers like the idea of having fewer tax brackets, said conservative Ben Domenech, the publisher of TheFederalist.com, but, "What gets them riled up and active is the embrace of the culture-war issues — that Trump has shown himself perfectly happy to fight in a way that Republicans in a lot of other positions have been unwilling to traditionally."
There have always been two parts to the Republican party's message: conservative social issues for its white, blue-collar, evangelical base (think school prayer, abortion, gay marriage, immigration and crime) and a supply-side, trickle-down economic message for the rich and corporations. Trump has taken this two-pronged approach and put it on steroids.
His tax bill is much more tilted to the wealthy than the tax bills of Ronald Reagan or George W. Bush. And his white-identity politics is much rawer and more central to his persona.
It's as if the Chamber of Commerce, Wall Street and the wealthy get the policy, while Trump's blue-collar base gets the Twitter feed.
What happens to this tension over time?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
In the long run, Olsen doesn't think this Trumpist combination of trickle-down economics and white-identity policies offers a viable path for the GOP.
He's not even sure it's sustainable for Trump. And he disagrees that the basis of Trump's appeal was racial.
"There is a lingering discontent in the country that is much more than racial resentment," Olsen said. "The working-class voters who voted for Obama and then for Trump were not motivated only by race."
Olsen said voters generally give their presidential choice a long leash. But if the person doesn't deliver on what they really want in the end, voters will turn against him. And then, the culture wars on Twitter won't be enough.
But in the short term, this tax bill just might be the kind of win Trump and his party need.
To the extent it has any impact at all, in the first year or two, it will probably be a positive one for most people. Their taxes will go down, and they'll be able to keep more of their own money.
That's because the tax bill is front loaded. The goodies come first. The regressive, non-populist part of the bill, where taxes for the middle class actually go up — kicks in later, well after the next election cycle.
I am currently employed with a UK-based company and I work from home, in India. I get paid in UK pounds every week. My question is, can I get double tax scheme benefits as I am already staying in India? Also, I have received bonus for FY 2016-17 this year. So, in which FY will the same be taxable? The bonus corresponds to last year.
—Name withheld
Since you live in India and do not live or work outside India, you are likely to be a resident of India for income tax purposes.
For an individual who is a resident in India, income earned anywhere in the world is taxable in India. Therefore, payment received by you from the UK will be taxable in India. If the UK employer is deducting taxes before making a payment, you can take the benefit of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) between India and the UK. This will ensure that your income is not taxed twice; first in the country of origin of income and then again in the country of residence of the taxpayer.
DTAA allows you to claim credit for tax paid in the UK from the tax to be paid in India.
Bonus and other forms of salary payments are taxed on due or paid basis, whichever is earlier.
If you did not include your bonus in your income tax return in FY 2016-17, you can do so now, in the year in which it has been received. You can include it in your income for FY 2017-18 at the time of filing tax returns and pay advance tax on it to avoid penal interest.
I am an NRI. My family is staying with me in Doha. My wife has some fixed deposits and dividends from shares and minor income from interest. The total income is less than Rs2 lakh. Is she eligible for standard exemption in tax? Kindly advise.
—A.K. Sharma
The basic exemption limit of Rs2.5 lakh is allowed to all irrespective of whether they are resident or non-resident in India. This limit goes up to Rs3 lakh where the individual is more than 60 years old but less than 80 years old. For those who are more than 80 years old, the exemption limit is Rs5 lakh. Your wife's income is exempt up to Rs2.5 lakh, assuming she is less than 60 years old.
Archit Gupta is founder and chief executive officer of ClearTax.
Queries and views at mintmoney@livemint.com
It seems everyone is jumping on the health and fitness bandwagon these days yet many of the go-to "clean" foods we snack on aren't as healthy as they seem. Options are overwhelming and marketing can be deceiving and as this AskReddit thread shows, there are plenty of eats that we're misled into believing are healthy.
Three Peterborough trainers are set to battle it out in the semi-finals of the William Hill Peterborough Greyhound Derby tomorrow night (August 16)
Spalding-based trainer David Pruhs appears to have the best chance of booking himself a spot in the final, with both of his dogs, Kooga Klammer and Dark Recruit, set to go head to head in the third semi-final.
Both hounds arrive in sparkling form after winning their respective qualifying heats at Fengate last Wednesday. However, it will take another blistering display from both dogs to make it through to the final, with just the first two dogs from each race progressing.
Kooga Klammer is likely to start favourite when the traps open after posting the fastest time of the night last week. Last year's Puppy Derby semi-finalist is now second favourite to be crowned the Derby champion at 13/2 (William Hill).
Another local trainer involved is Grantham-based Trevor Simmons. His hopes of making the final rest on the young paws of Bit View Colin. The two-year-old recorded an impressive heat victory last time out and will line up against Derby favourite Hiya Butt in the second semi-final heat. Hiya Butt cruised to a heat victory last week after appearing in the English Greyhound Derby at Towcester last month.
The final city dog hoping to book Turves trainer Richard Devenish a place in next week's finale is Ballymac Dema. The Fenland challenger finished second behind Dark Recruit in the heats and the 16/1 Derby chance will need to pull a little bit more out of the hat this time around to achieve a top two finish. But he does have a fighting chance and will be wearing the blue trap two jackets once again.
Peterborough Greyhounds racing operations manager Martin Race said: “We have another fantastic quality night of racing taking place at the stadium on Wednesday and the place really will be buzzing. At the semi-final stage the stakes really are high and every trainer wants a place in next week's final live on Sky Sports. So I'm sure we will be in for an enthralling night of racing.”
The racing gets underway at 7.25pm tomorrow and booking tickets in advance is recommended if you're looking to dine in the Raceview Restaurant. Otherwise you can pay on the evening at the door for general admission.
William Hill Peterborough Greyhound Derby semi-final line-ups
Semi-final one:
1 Coonough Bell
2 Ballymac Dema
3 Knockard Spring
4 Minglers Toure
5 Viking Jimmy
6 Idle Talkers
Semi-final two:
1 All About Class
2 Bit View Colin
3 Hiya Butt
4 Thomas Golden
5 Corrin Boyshane
6 Ginas Blue
Semi-final three:
1 Clondoty Alex
2 Dark Recruits
3 Swift Dartmoor
4 Cork Falcon
5 Kooga Klammer
6 Angry Man
"Real-time Earth observation is going to change the way science is done over the next 10 to 20 years," said Tim Crone, a marine geophysicist who is co-leading a Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory initiative to push the frontier of real-time data about the planet. "We're on the precipice of a new kind of science, and technology is giving us an opportunity to do amazing things."
Scientists are exploring undersea volcanoes, monitoring coastal erosion along hard-to-reach shorelines, and studying the movement of sea ice – all in real time at Columbia Univrtsit Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory. By loading drones with high-tech instruments and using satellites and undersea cables that are interacting with sensors in some of the most remote locations on Earth, they are uncovering the secrets of our planet.
Lamont is one of the few research facilities in the world where scientists are putting all types of scientific platforms, from seafloor to space, to use for real-time data analysis. Data is coming in from cabled arrays crossing the sea floor, underwater vehicles, and aerial labs as large as airplanes and as small as drones. Satellites are beaming back data from seagoing sensors that are monitoring ocean chemistry and currents around the world.
Those real-time measurements are fueling breakthroughs across the sciences as they verify computer models and reveal unexpected changes.
In the Arctic, oceanographer Christopher Zappa has been redesigning instruments typically found aboard research ships or aircraft and fitting them into drones that he flies low over the sea ice. The drones' range allows him to expand his study area and avoid interference from a ship's heat and movement, while also significantly cutting costs. The result is unmatched data on sea ice topography and movement and new insights into how sea ice breaks up and how the atmosphere and ocean affect one another.
"UAS's (unmanned aerial systems) are where autonomous and remotely operated underwater vehicles were 20 years ago. You had these great platforms, but scientists were just beginning to understand how to use them," Zappa said. "Today, there are underwater vehicles everywhere in the world's oceans. What's been lacking for UAS is the ability to put scientific-quality instrumentation into the payload. To do something really scientific grade requires significant engineering."
Zappa, a co-leader of the Real-Time Earth initiative with Crone and physical oceanographer Ryan Abernathey, is expanding that engineering capacity at Lamont through his UAS lab, which designs high-tech payloads with hyper-spectral imaging, lidar, thermal infrared cameras, and other sensors for scientific missions.
In the image below, The Ocean Observatories Initiative's cabled array, funded by the National Science Foundation, streams data from sensors along the seafloor as far out as Axial Seamount, 300 miles off the Oregon coast. The seafloor image here is derived from the Global Multi-Resolution Topography Synthesis and shows the Juan de Fuca plate.
Scientific drones come in all sizes, from light helicopters you can launch from your hand to fixed-wing drones the size of small airplanes. Small quadcopters can't carry much more than a camera, but they are giving volcanologists Einat Lev and Elise Rumpf the ability to map lava flows and peer inside calderas. Alessio Rovere puts small drones to work monitoring coastal erosion and coral bleaching. While satellites can provide close-ups, their fly-by frequency, coverage, and data collection are limited, and clouds often obstruct the view. With drones, Rovere, a geologist, can get close to hard-to-reach stretches of shoreline without disturbing the land.
Zappa, whose sea ice work relies on more sophisticated instruments, uses larger fixed-wing drones with auto-piloted GPS navigation and 10-20 hours of flight time. With payloads the size of a soccer ball, Zappa can fly hyperspectral imaging systems that use light waves to infer what an object is made out of or how energy flows. He can examine algae in the water and how it affects surface heat budget, for example. Another payload drops buoys that profile the atmosphere and measure ocean temperature and salinity.
"UAS's allow scientists to get right up next to a glacier, something you would not normally do with a ship. If you want to look at a coastal region, you can routinely fly transects across the surf zone," Zappa said.
The Ocean Observatories Initiative's cabled array, funded by the National Science Foundation, streams data from sensors along the seafloor as far out as Axial Seamount, 300 miles off the Oregon coast. The seafloor image here is derived from the Global Multi-Resolution Topography Synthesis and shows the Juan de Fuca plate.
As costs come down, drones could even be flown into hurricanes to collect real-time data about wave height, momentum, and heat, he said.
In the oceans, Lamont scientists are using remote and autonomous underwater vehicles to explore the seafloor and measure the marine environment.
Zappa is partial to solar-powered drifters that connect to sensors on the seafloor or in the water column and can telemeter data to satellites for real-time monitoring. Robin Bell's Polar Geophysics Group, which built the IcePod to map Antarctica's Ross Ice Shelf from the air, deploys buoys for real-time monitoring of water temperature, salinity, and currents around the edges of the ice shelves.
Crone has spent much of his career developing instrumentation for a different kind of remote sensing system: a seafloor observatory with a fiber-optic cable running 300 miles from the coast of Oregon to an array of sensors. The sensors are now sending back real-time observations from Axial Seamount, a submarine volcano at a mid-ocean ridge where new ocean floor is being created. Marine geophysicist Maya Tolstoy used the real-time data to study a 2015 eruption there, starting with an uptick in earthquakes ahead of the eruption and monitoring how energy from the eruption moved through the water.
All of this incoming data raises the demand for computer power and for smart ways to process and archive it.
The Interdisciplinary Earth Data Alliance (IEDA), led by Kerstin Lehnert and Suzanne Carbotte at Lamont, plays a crucial role by storing scientific data from scientists around the world and making the data widely available along with tools for analysis. Abernathey, meanwhile, is working on ways to improve data system architecture and establish high-performance-computing capabilities tailored to Lamont's data needs.
"These platforms will be used for experiments in the coming years that we can't imagine today," Crone said. "The same thing goes for the internet and satellites that can connect us. It's about having a problem to solve, building the sensor or device, connecting it to a platform or a network, and bringing in data to start solving that problem."
"This is the future," Crone said.
This is also Lamont's heritage. Lamont was built on founder Maurice "Doc" Ewing's vision of constant data collection and open data sharing to empower global research and discoveries. If Ewing's scientists didn't have the technology they needed, they built it themselves.
As Lamont's scientist-engineers continue to push the frontiers of science, the Real-Time Earth Initiative is taking data access to new levels. "Everyone's science will get better from this," Crone said, "because everyone will be able to tap into building new systems to observe the Earth."
The Daily Galaxy via Columbia University
Image credit: GeoMapApp. Columbia University; top of page with thanks to NASA
It's the perfect weather for a stroll in Lancashire's countryside or coastal areas.
Readers have voted.
To view the vote click here /where-are-the-best-pubs-to-drop-by-during-a-walk-in-lancashire-1-9173248
PARIS — France said on Tuesday the United Nations Security Council had to respond over the use of chemical weapons in Syria with a resolution that would punish those responsible for repeated attacks.
Syrian government forces used chemical weapons in opposition-controlled parts of Aleppo during battles to retake the city late last year, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said in a report published on Monday.
The findings add to mounting evidence of the use of banned chemical weapons in the six-year-old Syrian civil war and could strengthen calls by Britain, France and the United States for sanctions against Syrian officials.
While not confirming the report, a French Foreign Ministry spokesman said in a daily briefing the allegations were “extremely serious.”
“It is up to the Security Council to act. France … continues to discuss with its partners at the Security Council to adopt a resolution to punish those responsible for these attacks,” the spokesman said.
“The use of weapons of mass destruction constitute a war crime and a threat to peace. Impunity is not an option.”
Government helicopters dropped chlorine bombs “in residential areas in Aleppo on at least eight occasions between November 17 and Dec. 13, 2016,” the New York-based group said.
Human Rights Watch said its report, which was based on interviews with witnesses, analysis of videos and photos and social media posts.
“The attacks, some of which included multiple munitions, killed at least nine civilians, including four children, and injured around 200,” it said.
Ole Solvang, deputy emergencies director at Human Rights Watch, said in an interview that the way chemical attacks moved in step with the frontline showed they were an integral part of the offensive.
“This is a strong indication that these chlorine attacks were coordinated with the overall military strategy. And it is a strong indication then that senior military officers, the commanders of this military offensive in Aleppo, knew that chlorine was being used,” he said.
Think about the most successful, widely scaled networks that let us function in today's world. No I'm not talking about internet service providers, I mean the Really, Really Big Networks. The ones that without which modern civilization would be very different. The telephone system. Intermodal containerized shipping. Air traffic control. And they all have one vitally important enabling element that made them all scalable: a Control Layer that is not intrinsic to the electronic or physical streams that make up the network traffic. For phones, it's Signalling System 7, which has managed to run the world of voice calls for decades. For intermodal shipping, it's container manifests. For aviation, it's ATC. And they truly do, run the globe.
What is a Control Layer?
In the analog era, telephone calls were “switched” using tones that were sent along the same wires that handled the calls. This was known as in-band signalling. While usable with the technology of the day, they were fraught with issues that included easy faking of the signals to get free international calls (known as “phreaking”), inability to change the path that a call could take once it was in progress, no direct association with billing or tariffing, and other problems. When it came time to deregulate the traditionally government-run phone companies, and thus lay the framework for the plethora of corporations that provide the bulk of phone service today, the business and technological elements of call-handling had to evolve. That led to SS7. Among its key tenets are the moving of the control over calls, billing and routing, into a control layer that is separate from the calls themselves. This allows calls to be switched “on the fly” between carriers, inter-company billing and many other features became enabled by this shift to out-of-band (as its known) signaling.
Shipping containers arrived with out-of-band signalling as well
In the early 1960's with a growing world population, an ever-increasing appetite for food and goods from international sources (largely fostered during World War II as troops went abroad), and the rise of computerized inventory and supply chain handling, the idea of having vessels, trucks and train cars built for specific types of cargo wasn't going to scale with demand. So some enterprising folks came up with the standardized shipping container that we know today. That moved the command and control over how and where goods are routed, into a control layer based on paper and eventually fully electronic manifests – instead of the ship captains. This led to tremendous flexibility and cost-efficiencies. Without these, it would be hard to envision Walmart and then Amazon rising at the rates they have.
So went the airlines
Another advent seeded during WWII was the idea of global jet travel. The public had witnessed the start of globalization, and at the same time, pressurized aircraft (initially, high-altitude bombers) powered by jet engines become possible. With this radical increase in speed, range and passenger carrying capacity, coupled with the shift in passenger air travel from water-based to land-based terminals, demanded that the control of where and when the aircraft moved, needed to get out of the cockpit and into a ‘network' which became ATC. It's not as efficient as it could be, but ATC has been fundamentally safe and reliable, and scaled continually, for many decades (noting that it does have to evolve once again, to accommodate the upcoming plethora of unmanned aircraft that are indeed coming).
Now it's time for the IoT to have its Control Layer
The quantity of information already being produced by the IoT, or less abstractly, machine-generated data (MGD), is truly staggering and showing no signs of lessening. In fact, if you take imagery, especially consumer-generated video, out of the equation, MGD already exceeds what humans have produced since the beginning of time. We are fast approaching the “needs to scale” tipping point that telephony, global logistics and aviation experienced. There are characteristics of MGD that make it a lot more akin to these “physical world” networks than what we've been experiencing with the rise of say, social media. For starters, this is the data that could get someone killed. Road sensor data might cause all of the lights in a city to turn red. Or open the floodgates of a dam. Or switch a train. Plus there can be potentially diverse uses for the same data. In addition to changing the traffic signals, the same stream of MGD might be utilized in actuarial calculations to price insurance premiums, or provide the edge to a quantitative analyst in a hedge fund.
With IoT data, context matters
Given the seriousness of MGD/IoT data use-cases like those above, it's critical that the user (be it a person, company, government agency or a fleet of robots) be provided with as much contextual information as possible. This can include provenance ala identifying the source in specifics such as make and type of sensors, literal context i.e. where the sensors are situated (e.g. inside a moving vehicle, attached to power poles, etc.) and whether the source-devices are maintained and calibrated. All of this bounding information is found, and ideally conveyed, outside of the data streams themselves. Tracking provenance and keeping the control layer separate also have key security advantages. Yet most IoT implementations today don't provide such a control layer.
Metadata is the control layer for the IoT
Standards efforts are underway to establish the equivalent of SS7/Container Manifests/ATC for the IoT. Unlike this successful schema, achieving this for MGD encounters many more variables than almost anything dealt with before. Early examples of out-of-band signalling for MGD are within vertical industry sectors. These need to give way to a universal format for describing sensors, data provenance, regulatory and compliance issues, and of course, monetization, in a control layer. In software terms this is defined and carried in metadata. It's time to start contemplating how all of this will impact you and your organization. Rest assured, it's going to touch every industry, within and between. Watch This Space.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
This blog rant can possibly contain strong language and adult-themed content!
Have you ever walked down the street and meet with a sexy babe who big boobs and a round ass then you picture her naked in your head? This happens to all of us who have a sexual drive. In real life, most of us prefer watching porn videos so have that fantasy and pleasure of seeing big buts and all sorts of vaginas being ridden with massive cocks. But there comes a problem when choosing which porn site is suitable to offer you all this. After perusing all over the internet, I finally came across this porn site that definitely will offer you what you are looking for which is quality porn that can arouse you instantly. Fake driving school is known to be the best porn website that has all you need when it comes to videos and hot romantic stories.
Reasons as to why this driving school takes the lead in porn world
Sexy cock suckers
Anyone can tell you for free that the best porn clips are those who have sexy bitches who are cock hungry ready to ride on top of them like cow girls. Fake driving school is a site that has all their bitches on point. This means that all of them are sexy in that they have curvy bodies where their boobs are big round and with pointed nipples ready to be sucked, not forgetting that they are E-cupped too.
Nice pornstars and model photos
When you log into the fake driving school website, you are readily welcomed with appealing photos that can blow your mind. All these pics are from famous pornstars who really know how to pose for them. Imagine you having these hot babes at your disposal. One thing is for sure, they will devour you alive!
Movie clip courtesy of FakeInstructor.com episode featuring Jasmin Jae and Lola
Sexy scenes in cars.
Unlike other porn videos where the women are being fucked inside the room, fake driving school offers quality porn that is filmed outside a building and inside a car. Don't you think this is better than the rest? Definitely, sex in the car seems a creative idea whereby a bitch is on the wheel and at the same time swallowing the big cock.
You become an instant pro.
With the porn video filmed inside cars, whoever who takes a look at them will instantly have knowledge of handling any whore whey can be travelling together with in a bus, car or truck. Definitely, you become a pro without having to practice it anywhere, only by seeing.
Romantic previews and descriptions.
Since the porn clips are many in this site, fake driving school has made it simple for anyone watching it. For easy selection one only needs to read the description and find the suitable porn video to turn him on.
Planned scenes.
All the videos are acted inside the cars which are either on motion or at a parking lot. Never waste your precious time looking at the boring clips when there is lot to be seen in this website. Log in today and get what you have been looking for all this time long!
Financial Times: “In the days to come, the president and his advisers will doubtless work to amend or reinterpret what was said over the weekend. None of this will obscure the challenge facing the US. To the extent that it is the role of the president to provide moral leadership, the White House is unoccupied. That void must be filled, and it falls first to the Republicans, the party in control of the legislative branches, to do so…”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage boy was shot in the head in front of his own mum in a courthouse after he allegedly struck out at a police officer with a baton.
Steven Bertrand, 18, is said to have become violent and aggressive after guards at Maniwaki courthouse, in Quebec, Canada, refused to let him go outside for a cigarette.
During the scuffle, Bertrand is believed to have grabbed the officer's telescopic baton, before striking him over the head.
The officer then reached for his gun and fired at the defendant , according to initial reports by the Independent Investigation Bureau.
Shocking footage, filmed on a mobile phone by Bertrand's cousin, Christopher Lacaille, shows an officer attempting to subdue the teenager by putting him in a headlock.
(Image: Facebook)
Bertrand can be seen throwing punches before the pair move into an adjoining room.
Around half a dozen policemen are surrounding the doorway, while Bertrand's mother, Julie, watches in horror.
Moments later, she screams and starts crying hysterically, just as Mr Lacaille runs over to her, capturing the sound of the gunshot on camera.
Lacaille told Le Soleil : "It's not an experience to live. I cannot stop thinking about that."
Amazingly, Bertrand was not killed in the shooting, with the bullet narrowly missing his eye socket and his brain.
He is now in a stable condition in hospital, and is expected to make a full recovery.
Updating friends and family in a Facebook post, Mr Lacaille wrote: "Steven is fine, he was touched close to the eye. The bull has ricocheted up his neck, but it is fine.
"He will get by. No problem to the brain, everything is beautiful, thank god."
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
The officer who was hit in the head with the baton needed stitches, but is also recovering.
The shocking video has now been watched over 1.4 million times, and some viewers have even posted death threats against the policeman in question.
Minister of Justice, Stéphanie Vallée, has called for the trolls to stop their hateful comments.
She said: "One can be shocked by a situation, but to answer that way, to respond with violence, no matter in what situation, it can have a boomerang effect.
“I find it totally unacceptable to make such comments on social media.”
Bertrand was at the courthouse for a sentencing hearing, but the charges against him were not revealed.
It is not clear what new charges will be brought against him after his recovery.
[Other View] Who will watch the banks under Trump?
Nearly a decade after a devastating financial crisis, the US remains poorly prepared for a repeat. So it's unsettling that Daniel Tarullo, the Federal Reserve official who has done the most to make the country's banks stronger, plans to step down -- and all the more important that President Donald Trump find a worthy replacement.
The 2008 crisis exposed weaknesses at the heart of the US financial system. Big banks had so little loss-absorbing capital that they rapidly faltered, bringing down the economy and leaving the government with no option but to rescue them at taxpayers' expense. Shortages of cash made matters worse, forcing emergency asset sales that added to the losses.
Appointed in 2009, and guided by the Dodd-Frank financial reform, Tarullo led efforts to strengthen the financial system. The Fed adopted capital requirements significantly more demanding than those laid down by international regulators, and tied them to liquidity rules aimed at ensuring banks would always have enough cash to meet their near-term obligations. It introduced regular stress tests designed to assess banks' ability to weather a crisis, and demanded that they produce “living wills” describing how they could go bust without causing wider harm.
Tarullo's work is far from done. On average, the largest US banks now have about $6 in equity for each $100 in assets, according to international accounting standards. That's more than in 2007, but still not enough. The stress tests aren't yet sufficiently realistic. Tarullo had a plan for improving them, but he won't be around to see it through. And the living wills still give the public too little information.
Tarullo seems optimistic about what will happen after he leaves. He says Trump's “core principles” for financial regulation -- which include avoiding bailouts and addressing systemic risk -- are a “good starting point.” Certainly, maintaining Tarullo's push for more equity capital would be an excellent way to further those principles. Crucially, by making the whole system more resilient, that would also allow the regulatory burden to be lifted in other areas.
Trump now has three vacancies to fill on the Fed's board of governors. The president's top economic adviser believes that “personnel is policy.” Let's hope they choose someone capable of finishing what Tarullo started.
(Bloomberg)
[Carl P. Leubsdorf] Take hope, the Trump administration is evolving
Presidents evolve. And so do their administrations.
John F. Kennedy was noticeably more cautious and skeptical of military advisers after the failed Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba. First-term failures and the Republican capture of Congress forced Bill Clinton to take a more bipartisan approach. Staff changes are common.
And in recent weeks, a confluence of events has started to change the preconceptions and mindset Donald Trump brought to the Oval Office, though every unprompted tweet is a reminder that, while his administration's approach may be changing, the man remains the same.
The most noteworthy change, of course, was Trump's decision to bomb the Syrian air field from which President Bashar Assad launched a brutal chemical attack on civilians and his administration's subsequent tough talk toward Russia. Both represent an about-face from Trump's pre-presidential warnings against such US attacks and his own secretary of state's stand-offish comments just days earlier.
But the presidency's tendency to adapt to events has also been reflected in his talk about reaching out to Democrats after the House failed to pass a repeal of the Affordable Care Act and in reports he may be considering alleviating the administrative chaos he created with an unstructured White House staff.
In each case, it remains to be seen if Trump's initial reactions produce the substantive revisions needed to get his floundering administration back on course. The president and his top advisers have given conflicting signs whether significant US policy changes will follow the Syria attack, and Trump has made only modest changes so far in revamping his staff.
On Syria, Trump decided to launch a targeted airstrike after seeing the heart-breaking televised pictures showing victims suffering from Assad's chemical attack. Even some Trump critics praised his initial response as appropriate, and his action enabled him to display decisiveness in a situation where predecessor Barack Obama had waffled.
But Trump's attitude toward the region has always contained contradictory elements. In 2013, he urged Obama not to attack, and he has criticized excessive US involvement in the region's bloodshed. Just days earlier, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson reversed the Obama administration's goal of overthrowing Assad. But UN Ambassador Nikki Haley said peace in Syria was impossible if Assad stayed, and Tillerson soon agreed.
Trump has advocated and expanded US military effort to overthrow the Islamic State group and has indicated he may authorize a more active role in Yemen's civil war. But it remains unclear how far Trump will go militarily. Aides stressed his response in Syria was the most limited of those he considered.
The response in Syria represented the growing influence of his changing national security team, specifically the new national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, and the secretary of defense, James Mattis, and the reduced role of chief presidential strategist Steve Bannon, who was unceremoniously removed from the National Security Council.
Those changes, plus the ouster of deputy national security adviser K.T. McFarland and the earlier dismissal of Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser, suggested that more experienced and measured voices were assuming key national security advisory roles.
By contrast, the prospect for staff changes remains uncertain on the domestic side, where Trump has suffered from the inexperience of his team and the in-fighting among several competing power centers. The White House rejected a story in the Wall Street Journal suggesting staffing changes were afoot that could change the roles of Bannon and the chief of staff, former Republican National Chairman Reince Priebus.
But the New York Times, the Washington Post and Politico all cited the growing influence at their expense of Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president who directs the National Economic Council, and Jared Kushner, Trump's increasingly influential son-in-law.
Both reportedly favor a more inclusionary approach than the initial White House reliance on Republicans, which would fit with the widespread belief that Trump is inherently less ideological than he has been so far as president.
But despite occasional talk of reaching out to Democrats, the president has not done anything tangible to do so and has repeatedly insulted them. They feel they have him on the run politically.
Besides, there is no sign yet that Trump is ready to make the substantive policy accommodations needed to attract Democratic support. The key will be how he structures his tax reform and infrastructure proposals, since both will likely require significant bipartisan support to pass.
Trump came to the White House deficient in knowledge of both the substantive and procedural aspects of governing. As he learns the ropes, the president and his administration may look very different than they do today. And that is hardly unusual.
By Carl P. Leubsdorf
Carl P. Leubsdorf is the former Washington bureau chief of the Dallas Morning News. -- Ed.
(Tribune Content Agency)
ENTERTAINMENT
Ariana Grande (AP)
Pop star Ariana Grande, who is in Korea for her first concert here, is refraining from any contact with the media and fans before her performance, possibly out of fears of terrorism.Grande is believed to have arrived at Gimpo International Airport late Monday, without being greeted by a crowd of fans and the media as is the norm when megastars visit the country. This sparked a rumor that Grande had refused to enter Korea after seeing a flock of reporters at the airport.Hyundai Card, the show's promoter, denied the rumor, saying that the secrecy was at Grande's request. It added that the concert would be held as scheduled at 8 p.m. Tuesday at Gocheok Sky Dome in Seoul.In May, a suicide bomb attack that happened after Grande's concert in Manchester, England, left 23 dead and hundreds injured.
IMPERIAL- The Imperial County 4-H hosted their third annual “Color Me Green” 3k and 5k, on Sunday afternoon, at Imperial High School's Simpson-Shimamoto Stadium. Many supporters participated in this event to raise funds for the Imperial County 4-H groups.
Some funds raised will go to the National Citizenship Focus participants, who travel to Washington D.C. to learn civic leadership skills so as to make real change in their community as adults.
The main goals of the 4-H organization are to promote three topics of STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) through agriculture, healthy living, and citizenship skills, all as leadership training.
The Imperial County 4-H provided different healthy-living booths, giving out information. Along with the different booths, the Southwest Valley 4-H provided fruit smoothies to the runners produced by a bicycle-powered blender the 4-H member rode, demonstrating STEM skills.
Along with the large numbers of runners and walkers who participated was the National 4-H Organization from Washington D.C. This was the National 4-H Council's first time visiting the Imperial Valley which they came to recognize the Imperial County 4-H for their hard work in producing active members of the 4-H community.
“It is exciting to have the National 4-H come out to one of our events to show their support for the programs we are building,” stated All-Star Coordinator Linda Sanchez.
The “Color Me Green” run ended with bursts of multi colors, painting the runners and walkers as they crossed the finish line with rainbow hues, celebrating the successful completion of the course. The event will enable the Imperial County 4-H groups to continue their building their members into productive, informed citizens.
Rajkumar Hirani's Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor in lead has set the Box-Office on fire as the five day total of the film stands at a humongous total of Rs 167.51 crores and is looking to end the first week at collections in excess of Rs 200 crore. The film, which is a biopic of Sanjay Dutt is doing well across the country and the has got positive feedback from the masses as well as classes.
Rajkumar Hirani's direction has made the people laugh, cry and even think, and this is one of the major reasons for the film to do well. Given the trend that the film has recorded so far, the trade is not ruling out the possibility of Sanju emerging the highest grossing Hindi film of all time by surpassing the lifetime collections of Dangal, which raked in approximately Rs 387 crores. While the film as of now is on track to find a place in the coveted Rs 300 crore club, the performance in second week will tell us if it edges past Dangal or no.
The film has also acted as a major booster for Ranbir Kapoor by establishing his acting talent among a wide set of audience, and this would easily end up being the most watched Ranbir Kapoor film till date. The reach and goodwill that Sanju has given Ranbir Kapoor will be visible in the opening of his next film, which is Ayan Mukerji's Brahmastra.
The word of mouth is positive, and the film has absolutely no competition till the release of Dhadak on 20th July, which means that it will enjoy a 3-week clear window at the Box-Office. Taking into account all the factors, I expect Sanju to collect approximately Rs 350 – 360 crores at the Box-Office, and this would indeed be a phenomenal result for the film, more so because the collections came on a non-holiday release.
There was a time it looked as if the Dow Jones Industrial Average had a heart, and moreover, a pulse on America.
When the nation was struggling or enduring bad news, the stock market index reflected it. There was an edgy feeling attached to the Dow, which appeared to balance precariously between proven trends of economic history and the unpredictability of uncharted political financial waters of the modern age.
The Dow lives today in its own solar system, apparently divorced from the gloomy forecasts and everyday bad news that orbits around it. The stock market ended the week of Oct. 4 on a rampage, heading toward the unheard-of 23,000 mark with no signs of slowing down - beyond the usual, cliche predictions that what goes up, must come down.
Portfolios are rising, and not just for the Wall Street business barons that Bernie Sanders rails against. Middle-class Americans are watching their 401K plans and other investments grow. By any measure, a surging stock market should be classified as good news - in some ways, the only good news we're getting these days.
But is it?
My own education in the market came under the extreme conditions of the Great Recession 10 years ago. My father's estate was modest but represented his life's work.
He was aging and soon to be gone. Entrusted to guard the family savings, I sometimes felt overwhelmed by knowing that the smallest burp in the economy, or the first hint to worry about international tension, could send the market spiraling downward.
The Dow Jones average (DJIA) has never been a singularly reliable gauge of national health; it is only one of many factors that give fair consideration to all economic classes. Still, if one wanted to see how America was doing on a day-to-day basis, the DJIA was a pretty good go-to source.
Not anymore. The Dow keeps rising as North Korea aims nuclear missiles at the West, horrific shootings have everyone angry and on edge, and the Trump Administration finds failure to get anything done, from health care reform to lasting, meaningful change on immigration.
Race tensions are high and at risk of boiling over. Hurricanes have wrecked our Gulf Coast states and Puerto Rico, and they're not done yet. Nobody seems happy, yet the Dow gives the outlook that life in these United States has never been better.
Why? One theory supports the complaint of Democrats, low-income people and many of the middle class: this country has become a two-tiered economy of very rich and working poor, and even though tens of millions of middle-class fingers are stuck in the market/investment pie, Wall Street's most recognizable indicator favors only the upper crust.
Another is that major investors remain hopeful the Trump Administration will eventually drive home the business-friendly legislation they want. This goes back to the flawed pre-election analysis that corporate America favored Hillary Clinton because it disliked the unpredictability of Trump, and preferred Clinton's more conventional approach to the economy.
When Trump was elected, dire predictions of a panicky market crash ended when the Dow began surging. The mood of moneyed America may change if Trump still comes up empty on promises such as changing the tax code, and maybe then the market will head downward as the gloomier forecasters keep insisting.
Smart market people have long insisted that market trends are rarely driven by emotion (read: like or dislike of the president) and today's headlines, but by trends and variables within the business world itself. What seems calamitous from a political or social standpoint doesn't automatically show up in the Dow's business reflection of itself.
Even so, iff the Dow has ceased being an indicator of how America is doing, is that a good thing? Should middle-class investors be content that even as the nation seems so unglued, the stock market is humming along at a record clip, oblivious and apparently immune to all the problems piling up?
Or should we be worried that if the Dow is no longer a reliable indicator, and instead just a number detached from the larger society and irrelevant to most of us, the fact that it's rising leaves us totally blind to what could happen to it next?
Market watchers still vary in their predictions. Some forecast a crash, others say a downward "correction" is inevitable and still others say there's no reason to think the Dow will hit its ceiling at 23,000, any more than it did at 20,000 or round numbers thereafter.
To me, though, it makes no sense. The country is a mess. The Dow is doing great. The unease created by the disconnect seems at least as important as the relief caused by the market's sustained growth.
If the country's most famous economic indicator is trending opposite to that of country, how are to we judge what it means? How can we apply it to ordinary lives like our own? Is America really two Americas, one very rich and insulated and the other left to fend for ourselves?
Watching the Dow jump up and down at every bit of news was rough on the stomach and the nerves, but at least it followed a pattern that made sense. It's great the market is doing so well now, but it's at least as unsettling to be baffled by the absence of logic as to why that's so.
England vs India, 2018: Top 5 run scorers in India-England ODIs
Sameer Allana FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 868 // 04 Jul 2018, 14:18 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The India-England series kickstarted with the first T20 international at Manchester. India registered a spectacular win as KL Rahul and Kuldeep Yadav made significant contributions with the bat and ball respectively. India leads the series 1-0 with two games to go before the One Day International series, which is scheduled to commence from the 12th of July. While England is ranked No.1 in the ICC ODI rankings, India are placed at the second position. The matches between both teams have always generated keen interest when they have come face to face in the 50 over format.
We can go way back to the 2002 Natwest Series final or the 2007 series between both the nations. Further, the thrilling tied game in the 2011 World Cup or the Champions Trophy final in 2013 though it turned out to be a twenty-over-per-side ODI. We have seen various players emerge in these games, some gaining limelight, others fading out. Further, the banter exchange between players from both sides over the years has made their contest even more energetic on the field. Even the various opinions from the commentators, former players and coaches have added up to the whole excitement levels.
Here we take a look towards the top 5 run scorers in India-England games in the 50-over format:
#5 Suresh Raina (1160 runs)
The elegant left hander has a splendid record against England. At an amazing average of 42.96, the left-hander has an aggregate of 1160 runs in ODIs against the Poms. Suresh Raina also boasts of a scintillating strike rate of 93.24 which has always been an extraordinary aspect of his batting. His presence in the lower order would be instrumental for India during the end overs or in case of a collapse.
The 31-year-old also has a century from his last tour. India were in a spot of bother at Cardiff with the score being 132/4. That's when he came to the rescue to score a magnificent hundred from just 75 balls. Raina would be looking to make amends following his return to the ODI squad and rise above the ranks in the upcoming tour.
The image of Rob Gronkowski on skates is many things - imposing, comical, strange. At Patriots training camp on Monday, Boston Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said that if he could try out any of the Pats on ice, he'd pick Gronkowski or Julian Edelman.
Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy asked which Patriot he would take first on the ice. "Gronk!" he says, before following with Julian Edelman. pic.twitter.com/Me6ZLMoxSB -- Mike Reiss (@MikeReiss) August 14, 2017
Edelman, Cassidy noted, could provide a Brad Marchand-like presence as a tough, undersized star.
Meanwhile, Gronk would be one of the biggest players in the NHL at 6-foot-6 and 265 - and he did play hockey, playing left wing, when he was growing up in Buffalo. (Ahead of the Winter Classic in 2015, he described himself as "super aggressive" on the ice, although he stopped playing in ninth grade and switched to basketball.)
The Bruins' own training camp opens next month, on Sept. 14, with preseason games beginning Sept. 18. In the meantime, Cassidy, promoted in April from the Bruins' interim head coach to the permanent job, is getting to know some of the other top figures in Boston sports.
A LIVERPOOL fan has been stabbed and left in a critical condition amid clashes between home and away fans as the Reds hosted the first leg of the Champions League semi-final against Roma.
Jurgen Klopp's side ran out 5-2 winners on the park, but distressing scenes before kick-off have engulfed social media and somewhat overshadowed the result.
Merseyside police have confirmed that two men, aged 25 and 26, from Rome have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
A 53-year-old supporter was allegedly attacked near the Albert Pub prior to the match.
A Liverpool statement has confirmed he is in a critical condition.
"Liverpool Football Club is shocked and appalled after a Liverpool supporter was left in a critical condition having been attacked prior to the Champions League fixture against AS Roma," the statement read.
Liverpool fans light flares outside the stadium
"Our thoughts, in the first instance, are with the victim and his family at this very traumatic time. We will be offering them our full support."
Earlier, Merseyside Police said in statement: "We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm.
"Officers are appealing to anyone with information, or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC."
They added: "We can confirm a man has been arrested following an assault near to the Albert public house earlier this evening.
"He has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives. The 53-year-old victim is currently being treated for his injuries."
Roma's ultras reportedly wielded hammers, batons and belts as they attacked home fans.
The Mirror reported that a Liverpool fan had posted a video online to say he had "tried to meet my mate here (Anfield) and then all the Roma fans with their belts, they tried to hit the Liverpool fans. They were aggressive and offensive".
Soccer fans light flares and clamber atop Police vans before their Champions League, Semi Final First Leg soccer match at Anfield
Thousands of fans had gathered in the area before kick-off and multiple flares were let off to welcome the home side's bus to the ground despite Klopp's message against them.
"This is an outstanding club known for its fantastic atmosphere," Klopp had said.
"We don't need to throw things.
"Outside the stadium, please show the respect we have to show.
"We can show how wonderful Liverpool people are and we can show it in 20 minutes before the game and then the whole world knows it."
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama says that India should ‘develop pilgrimage for Chinese' people who are followers of Buddhism. Photo: PTI
Mumbai: Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama on Monday said India and China cannot defeat each other and both the countries will have to live together as neighbours.
The spirit of “Hindi-Chini Bhai Bhai” is the only way forward, he stressed. “In the current border situation, neither India nor China can defeat the other. Both countries are militarily powerful,” the Dalai Lama said.
Both the countries will have to live together as neighbours, he said. “There may be some incidents of cross-border firing. It does not matter,” he said. The Dalai Lama was responding to questions by reporters at an event here.
He said, “In 1951, a 17-point agreement was signed between the local government of Tibet and People's Republic of China for peaceful liberation of Tibet. Today China is changing and has become a country with the highest Buddhist population. They (India and China) should go back to ‘Hindi Chini Bhai Bhai' again.”
It is a Communist government but Buddhism is widely accepted, he said. “Earlier, the Dalai Lama used to be the head of spiritual and political movements in Tibet, but in 2011, I totally retired from politics. It was a way of democratising the institutions, because it had some feudal elements in it,” said the 14th Dalai Lama.
He suggested that India should “develop pilgrimage for Chinese” people who are followers of Buddhism. “We must understand that the followers of Buddhism in China are actually following the line of Indian Buddhism that came from Nalanda (Indian seat of learning) and Sanskrit,” said the spiritual leader.
“India should develop a pilgrimage for Chinese people who follow Buddhism. These people can come to places like Bodh Gaya and can come closer to India emotionally as well,” he said. India and China have been locked in a standoff in the Dokalam area since 16 June after Chinese troops began constructing a road near the Bhutan trijunction.
Commenting on the definition of secularism in he Indian context, the Dalai Lama said, “Respect for all religions and even the non-believers too. This is the definition of secularism in Indian context.” “During the French Revolution and the Bolshevik movement, people opposed the exploitation by their kings and queens. Then religious institutions were supporting the feudal lords; hence the revolution also went against them. That's why in the western context, secularism has become a word expressing disrespect to religion,” he said.
“Even an Indian communist leader had once told me that as a communist party worker, he does not believe in God. But for the people who he works for, they do believe in God and it is his duty to respect their feelings. I welcome such a mature approach,” the Dalai Lama said.
In America's Heartland, A Power Company Leads Charge For Electric Cars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
Find EV Charging Stations Enlarge this image Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Alternative Fuels Data Center / Screenshot by NPR Electric Vehicle Charging Station Locations : Lookup tool from the Department of Energy
: Lookup tool from the Department of Energy Plugshare: Community-updated lookup tool
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," he says.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Calif. Rule Tries To Jumpstart Electric Car Market Listen · 3:45 3:45
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Hsu/NPR Andrea Hsu/NPR
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. His company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is his biggest customer by far.
From his home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations his company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in his office, watching the electrician do the installation. He ran out, moved his electric car, plugged in and charged his car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
ISL 2018: Marko Stankovic, Diego Carlos sign one-year contract extensions with FC Pune City
Soumo Ghosh FOLLOW FEATURED COLUMNIST News 283 // 04 Jul 2018, 21:45 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Marko Stankovic and Diego Carlos have signed one-year extensions with FC Pune City.
Looking to build on their strong foreign-player base, Indian Super League side FC Pune City have extended the contracts of midfielder Marko Stankovic and winger Diego Carlos ahead of the upcoming season.
The Stallions have shown good progress over the course of the 2017/18 season, and have managed to sign the two foreign players for yet another campaign in the subcontinent.
Both the players have signed extensions that would see them stay at FC Pune City till the end of the 2018/19 season, the club announced on their social media, on Wednesday.
Astonishing vision and a formidable presence in the midfield 😎
Our exemplary midfielder Marko Stankovic has been retained by the club for the 2018-19 season.#BleedOrange #RakhtKesari pic.twitter.com/DI10Raotnk — FC Pune City (@FCPuneCity) July 4, 2018
Breathtaking skills and magnificent goals⚡
The sublime forward Diego Carlos has been retained by the club for the 2018-19 season.#BleedOrange #RakhtKesari pic.twitter.com/BkJGMP0Myj — FC Pune City (@FCPuneCity) July 4, 2018
Stankovic has made his name in the Austrian Bundesliga, which the 32-year-old won with Austria Wien in the 2012/13 season.
"Last time around, I joined the club mid-season but this year I will be around from the beginning which gives me more time to settle with the team," Stankovic said in a statement. "Being a defensive and creative midfielder, I shall ensure sure every pass I make counts. I can't wait to don the Orange & Purple jersey and make it count this time.”
Meanwhile, Diego Carlos has plied his trade in top Brazilian sides like Corinthians and Flamengo, before making the switch to the Russian League, where he played for the likes of Nizhniy Novgorod, Luch Vladivostock and FK Ufa.
”It was a terrific season last time around. The team went on a historic run and I was glad to be a part of it. With new season, comes new intentions and I will make sure they are such that will make the club and its fans proud,” said Carlos.
With star forwards Marcelinho and Emiliano Alfaro already committing their future to the clubs, Pune have now secured a strong midfield as well. The Stallions had also named a new manager, Marcos Paqueta, for the upcoming season, but rumours have been doing the rounds that the Brazilian is more keen on joining Botafogo back in his native country.
IP EXPO 2017: Cybersecurity heavyweights discuss the future of the industry, noting that the answers may be in its past
It hardly needs reminding that the technology industry is characterised by constant change. What is cutting edge today will be considered out of date in a matter of months. But there are concerns that the cybersecurity sector isn't keeping up with this rapid pace.
The past 12 months have seen numerous data breaches, the rise of ransomware and a host of other threats, such as fake Android applications and other devious pieces of malware.
Leading security researchers have expressed concerns that developments in artificial intelligence (AI), augmented reality (AR) and the connected world would require new approaches and strategies.
Real and physical worlds
“One of the things I find particularly scary at the moment is we have a petition at the UN to ban autonomous weaponry,” said TrendMicro's Rik Ferguson. “We are already in Skynet, that's the world we live in. AI and Machine Learning are great for businesses, but we know cybercriminals are among the first to seize those benefits.
“We as a security industry have a duty to see that coming, to build the tools to harness the capabilities of AI and to deploy it to find the faults in our code.”
The intersection of the real and virtual worlds also concerns Ferguson. Whereas the two have previously been distinct, AR blends them into a single hybrid, opening up huge opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit.
“I think we're ready as users to accept AR as a means of interacting and digesting information. Pokémon Go and Apple ARKit mean the technology is mainstream,” he continued.
“Where it worries me from a security perspective is that for the first time the web is overlaying into the real world. You're not just talking about hacking something someone owns, but their world. It opens social engineering up into a brand-new world.”
Connected world
The intersection of the virtual and the physical extends to the Internet of Things (IoT), which has been a hot topic for a number of years. The main concerns are protecting the data that these items collect, much of which can be very personal, as well as ensuring the devices are not snared into an unstoppable botnet that can spread attacks and be used for DDoS assaults.
The technology industry has typically built something that will last and be supported with updates and patches for a number of years, after which it is expected that customers will purchase an upgrade.
While this may have been acceptable for IT, the advent of connected appliances, vehicles and other products means this may have to be revisited due to their lifecycle.
“The way we build things to last like furniture is at complete odds to how we update technology. Is this practical?” asked chair Wendy Naher from Duo Security. “Is this sustainable? MRI scanners are built for a life of 20 years but there is a maximum number of patches they can sustain. Who is right, who is wrong?”
Do passwords have a future in cybersecurity? Yes
Yes, but as a first line of defence
No, but they should not be phased out yet
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
“There's a deeper problem in that we expect these machines to work for decades like a car,” added F-Secure's Mikko Hyponnen. “Today, everything is reliant on backends, services and clouds. How long will they be there? How long will the vendor pay the bills?”
“We are living in a capability gap between the people that make the devices and people who do the security and they're not working in the same companies,” suggested Ferguson.
“Security professionals aren't going to work for Whirlpool etc., they're going to work for a security company. We've got a chance to change it now by enforcing standards and working with the manufacturing community or else we're going to have a problem.”
Hyponnen suggested the answer was to make manufacturers responsible for the damage caused for poor security, with Sophos's James Lyne predicting the number of lawsuits would increase in the coming years. However Ferguson feared this would harm open source development.
“You're going to end up killing open source as no one will want to give away anything for free and then be liable,” he argued. “Why should they be legally responsible when they're doing it pro bono?”
Pace of change
The panel all agreed that despite these concerns, many aspects of the security landscape had remained the same. In fact, some of the most innovative approaches used by cyber criminals saw them revisit older techniques, the experts said, claiming the industry as a whole had done a good job at protecting consumers and businesses from threats.
“The fundamental goal of profit, fraud and other things cyber criminals want to do moves at a slow pace,” said Lyne.
“[For example] we've been talking about [IoT] for the past few years. I don't think it's negative as it's important to keep mentioning it and challenging it. It's ok to keep going back to this stuff to challenge the assumptions that things never change.
“If you look at the hardening of programmes … [such as] the level of protection that is available out of the box that people don't even know is there and the slaying of code mistakes and bugs is quite impressive. We shouldn't misconstrue large data breaches with tech advances.”
“The future of cybersecurity is and in many ways always has been the past of cybersecurity,” said Ferguson, who suggested the biggest challenge was education.
Quiz: What do you know about cybersecurity in 2017?
LIVERPOOL: Liverpool, inspired by two-goal Egyptian Mohamed Salah, took a big step towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semi-final, first leg at Anfield on Tuesday.
Two late Roma goals, however, will give the Italians, who came back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the previous round, some hope of an upset in the return game next Wednesday. A pair of superbly taken goals from Salah, against his former club, gave Juergen Klopp`s side a 2-0 lead at halftime and Liverpool simply ripped Roma apart after the break.
A Sadio Mane goal and then two Roberto Firmino goals put Liverpool 5-0 up and Klopp felt comfortable enough to take off Salah, who had been outstanding. Yet Edin Dzeko struck for the visitors in the 81st minute and four minutes later Diego Perotti converted a penalty to generate some tension for the return in Rome.
Liverpool fans left Anfield with some of the shine of a wonderful attacking display removed by the two late goals and they may wonder why Klopp decided to take off Salah and why their team took the foot off the gas.
Just as against Manchester City in the previous round, Liverpool had shown the sheer potency of their attacking trio. If Roma`s defence struggle half as much at the Stadio Olimpico, Liverpool will surely be heading to Kiev for the final on May 26 to face Bayern Munich or Real Madrid, who meet in the other semi-final on Wednesday.
Roma began brightly, unfazed by the Anfield atmosphere, as they closed down Liverpool and attacked with intent down both flanks. The mood of the home crowd worsened in the 18th minute when midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was taken off on a stretcher with what appeared to be a serious injury after a sliding tackle on Aleksandar Kolarov.
Liverpool looked edgy and they came close to falling behind when Kolarov unleashed a fierce drive from 30 metres which keeper Loris Karius rather unconvincingly got a hand to as the shot thundered against the crossbar.
That served as a warning for Klopp's side, who responded in devastating fashion. Mane should have scored in the 29th minute when put through after brilliant work from Firmino but the Senegalese forward shot over the bar with only keeper Alisson to beat.
Moments later Mane was set up again by his Brazilian teammate but blasted wildly off-target from a promising position inside the area and his frustration was enhanced when he had a close-range effort correctly ruled out for offside.
It was Salah who broke the deadlock in the 35th minute with a stunning finish, cutting in from the right and then leaving Alisson helpless as he floated a perfect left-foot shot into the far corner. Defender Dejan Lovren should have doubled the lead but hit the bar with a free header from a corner and that was the last let-off for the Italians.
Salah made it 2-0 with his 43rd goal of the season when Firmino sent him clear. With Alisson advancing he beat the Brazilian with a deft chip that was straight out of the repertoire of former Liverpool great Kenny Dalglish.
Some teams might have considered a 2-0 halftime lead a scoreline to be defended. Klopp's side, however, are far from cautious and they took full advantage of some awful Roma defending. Mane was rewarded for his persistence in the 56th minute, sliding a low finish into the net after the unstoppable Salah had broken down the right and put the ball on a plate for his teammate.
Salah then danced past Juan Jesus and played a similar low cross into the path of Firmino, who made no mistake to make it 4-0. Firmino made it 5-0 in the 68th minute when the shellshocked Roma defence left him unmarked at a corner and he headed in.
Bosnian Dzeko pulled a goal back for Roma nine minutes from the end after he collected a wonderful floated pass from Radja Nainggolan and drove past Karius. A single away goal would probably not have been enough to give Roma any real hope for the second leg but when James Milner was ruled to have handled in the area, substitute Perotti slotted home the penalty to keep some tension in the tie.
CHARGES were filed yesterday against 36 detainees nabbed for illegal gambling on Good Friday.
No charges were filed last Friday as it was a holiday.
PO2 Artemio Hernandez said the station received a call about an illegal gambling activity on Balagtas St., Barangay Pahina Central, Cebu City at 1 p.m. last Friday.
A police team responded and caught the suspects in an illegal cockfight.
Police seized the fighting cocks and money.
The suspects, only one of whom is a woman, were brought back to detention after the charges were filed. CNU Intern Mary Nhel Dajao
How to spend £500 in American Golf in 30mins
How to spend £500 in American Golf in 30mins
Subscribe to bunkered in 2018 for just £36!
Subscribe to bunkered in 2018 for just £36!
The Ping G700 irons are the brand's longest, highest-flying irons to date thanks to an advanced a hollow-body design and a thin, maraging steel face.
The hollow-body construction of the 17-4 stainless steel head allows for an internal geometry design that positions weight away from the face, creating a frame for metal-wood-like flexing and high COR to greatly increase ball speed and produce an amazing high launch.
Read more - Ping G700 irons: First Look
Maraging steel, which is also used in the G400 fairway woods, hybrids and crossovers, is one of the strongest, most flexible alloys in the world. Those properties make it an ideal face material to deliver more flexing for faster ball speeds that launch shots farther and higher.
Watch the video to find out what we made of these powerful game improvement irons.
Nicole Wall
Bingham, Jr., pitcher
20-3 record, 2.02 ERA, 224 K
Wall's tricky offspeed pitches and location were on full display during title day for Class 5A. The hard-hitting West batters often were baffled in trying to reach Wall as Bingham won one game before finally succumbing to the Panthers in the second. Wall had pitched a complete game against Copper Hills that same day to get the Miners into the championship round. "I just felt like she was the ultimate workhorse," Bingham coach Mikki Jackson said. Wall was no slouch with the bat either. She batted .471 with five homers. That final day of the season was emblematic of her junior campaign. "I just think we saw how she got stronger and stronger as the year went on," Jackson said.
Brayle Crosman
Grantsville, Sr., C
.351 average, 8 HR, 30 RBIs
The work ethic and joy of Crosman, particularly evident when she rounded first after hitting a seventh-inning homer in the Class 3A championship game, was contagious. "She is an extraordinary leader and is a great person," Grantsville coach Heidi Taylor said. "There wasn't a day in the last four years that she didn't give it 100 percent. The girls, they knew that, because they play with her in practice." Crosman had the skills, too. After throwing out two Bear River runners in the first two innings, the Bears never again tried to steal in a nip-and-tuck title contest in which the Cowboys won their first softball crown since 1998.
Huntyr Ava
West, Soph., 1B
.594 average, 21 HR, 66 RBIs
WWE News: WWE Network will stream SummerSlam live in Hindi
Summerslam 2017 will be held on August 20, 2017 at the Barclays Center in New York City.
by Press Release News 14 Aug 2017, 17:13 IST
Summerslam 2017 will be held on August 20
WWE Network will stream SummerSlam live in Hindi for the first time this Monday, August 21 at 5 a.m. IST from a sold-out Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. Shezi Sardar and Obaid Kadwani will call the action live from ringside.
“As we continue to place an emphasis on international growth, offering a customized version of SummerSlam to our fans in India was a priority,” said Michelle Wilson, WWE Chief Revenue & Marketing Officer. “This is another step in our ongoing strategy to create localized WWE Network content for our fans around the world.”
SummerSlam will feature WWE's biggest Superstars including John Cena, Brock Lesnar, Roman Reigns, Jinder Mahal, Naomi, Alexa Bliss, Braun Strowman, AJ Styles, Randy Orton, Natalya, Bayley, Samoa Joe, The Usos, The New Day and more.
Following SummerSlam, all pay-per-views on WWE Network will be available in Hindi moving forward. Fans can watch SummerSlam and all of WWE Network's programming by signing up today at WWENetwork.com.
WWE Network is the only place to stream all the live WWE pay-per-view events, including WrestleMania and SummerSlam at no additional cost plus 24/7 programming featuring ground-breaking original series, reality shows, documentaries, classic matches, exclusive coverage of special events and the most comprehensive video-on-demand library with more than 8,200 hours of content, including every WWE, WCW® and ECW® pay-per-view.
Like other digital subscription services, such as Netflix and Hulu, fans can sign up for WWE Network online at WWENetwork.com and stream WWE Network through connected devices such as Sony PlayStation 3, Sony PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV and Roku streaming devices as well as Smart TVs including Sony, Samsung and Panasonic.
5 players who could break Aaron Finch's world record T20I score of 172
Sujith Mohan FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 5.69K // 04 Jul 2018, 13:42 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Finch celebrates his hundred against Zimbabwe
You heard it right. Aaron Finch has scored 172 runs in a Twenty20 international game. He did it against Zimbabwe on Tuesday and broke his own World record for the highest score by a player in a T20I innings which he set in 2013.
The Australian captain has been in great form at the moment and is playing some exceptional knocks. His last 6 T20I scores read 20*, 36*, 18*, 84, 68*, and 172.
With the advent of various cash-rich T20 leagues, the game is producing a lot of fearsome hitters these days. Batsmen like Chris Gayle, David Warner, and AB de Villiers has shown us in past that no record is safe in the limited-overs cricket.
There are quite a few players in the world who are more than capable of going past Aaron Finch's top score of 172. Though it is definitely not an easy task, it is very much possible in modern-day cricket.
On that note, let's take a look at the 5 players who could break Aaron Finch's world record T20I score of 172.
#5 Evin Lewis
Lewis is a destructive batsman in T20 cricket
The 26-year-old from Trinidad is one of the destructive batsmen in world cricket right now. He has come out of the shadows of Chris Gayle and is establishing a name for himself in international limited-overs cricket.
Evin Lewis opens the batting for West Indies in One Day Internationals and Twenty20. With the highest T20I score of 125 not out, Lewis is not new to scoring big hundreds. He has already scored three hundreds in T20 cricket.
The West Indies opener is at the peak of his career right and has every chance to surpass Finch's top score of 172. With his phenomenal hitting abilities, he could even break the 200 run barrier in T20 cricket soon.
Winter is here and our beloved cats are curled up in the warmth of their homes enjoying all the luxuries of regular food and fresh water, clean warm bedding, along with all the love and affection they could possibly want. But what about the poor stray, lost and feral cats that have no home? What can you do to help? Here are some ideas that can make the life of a cat in winter a little less harsh.
Give the gift of warmth; one of the greatest risks to strays or feral cats is the bitter cold of the winter weather. Help them make it through the long nights with a place to hide. If you have an outdoor shed with a window, maybe you could leave it ajar so a needy cat can slip inside for shelter? And maybe provide a box with an old blanket or towel in? To stop it from getting wet or damp if possible, elevate it off the ground so that the box or bedding doesn't become sodden
Feed a feral cat; if you are aware of feral cats in your area then without encouraging them to your property, why not consider taking some food to the area that they are in and putting it down for them? Your own cat may be choosy but a starving cat will eat the cheapest of cat food.
Provide fresh unfrozen water regularly; animals who don't have clean accessible water will turn to gutters and puddles where sadly they can drink deadly antifreeze, oil and other chemicals.
Be careful when starting vehicles; cats are known to look for warm spots in the most awkward places, including around the engine of your car. Take a moment and give a quick check underneath the car and inside the bonnet. Check your work vehicle/van before heading off home to make sure that in bad weather a cat hasn't ventured inside to keep warm and dry. These simple things can make the world of difference to cats and potentially stop one being miles out of area and lost or a fatality happening.
Be very careful with antifreeze; antifreeze, which is Ethylene Glycol based, is highly toxic to both dogs and cats. It is sweet tasting and so attractive that animals like to eat or drink it. But ingestion of antifreeze can be fatal if it is not treated immediately. The signs of poisoning are depression and lethargy. The animal may appear groggy or drunk, including loss of balance and vomiting. Immediate veterinary treatment is required, but of course a stray cat is unlikely to be noticed by anyone who cares enough to take action. Please look out for leaks on your car and keep your own pets away from any area where antifreeze is stored. Even people who do not have pets should be aware that antifreeze kills to avoid accidentally poisoning wild animals and pets belonging to people.
Finally, for all of you pet owners, please try to encourage your cats to stay in as much as possible. If your cat likes to go out at night to the toilet and have a Wonder, remember when the temperature drops below zero, you are putting your beloved pet's health at risk. Why not provide a clean litter tray indoors for this short period of time? The only hardship is for us owners, having to clean it regularly and put up with the smell. A very small price to pay to keep our beloved cats safe. These few simple steps really can make the world of differ-ence.
Our next homing event will be on Sunday 8th January 2017, at The Loxley Centre, (next to The Crab and Winkle pub), Werrington, PE4 5BW, from 1.30-3pm.
If you are unable to make this but would like to find out more about the cats in our care, looking for their forever homes, please contact us on 0345 371 2750.
Get Screened Earlier For Colorectal Cancer, Urges American Cancer Society
Colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in the United States, most frequently diagnosed among adults over 65. To catch those typically slow-growing malignancies early, when they can often be cured, most doctors' groups recommend colorectal cancer screening starting at age 50.
But the American Cancer Society this week changed its advice and is recommending that screening start five years earlier.
"There is compelling evidence that the optimum age to start is now 45," says Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer of the society, who cites a sharp increase in deaths from colon and rectal cancers among men and women under age 50.
"People born in the '80s and '90s are at higher risk of developing colon cancer, particularly rectal cancer, than people born when I was born back in the '50s," Wender says.
And the rise is not just because detection is getting better, he says. In fact, the risk of developing colon cancer is twice as high as it was years ago and the risk of developing rectal cancer is four times higher.
"We just have to face reality," says Wender. "We just don't know why it's increasing."
Some of the increase could stem from the increase in obesity in the U.S., a known risk factor for colorectal cancer, he says.
"But we don't think that explains the entire change," he adds. "There is a great deal of interest and a lot of research beginning to try to answer that question."
So far, other groups are maintaining their recommendation that colon cancer screening start at age 50, including the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, an independent, volunteer panel of national experts in disease prevention and evidence-based medicine.
Stanford University internist Douglas K. Owens, the task force's vice-chairperson, says the group's 2016 recommendations were based on extensive review of the benefits and harms of colorectal screening at the time.
"There was limited data on screening people under age 50," Owens says. The new American Cancer Society guidelines, he adds, should prompt more research into the relative benefits and harms of screening among younger people.
Dr. Robin B. Mendelsohn, a gastroenterologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, says there's been an "alarming" increase in cancer among younger adults. She's the co-director of the recently established Center for Young Onset Colorectal Cancer there.
Over the last 10 years, Memorial Sloan Kettering has seen 4,000 new colorectal cancer patients under age 50, she says. Many of them did not have traditional risk factors such as obesity, smoking, alcohol, physical inactivity or a diet high in fat or low in fiber.
In fact, Mendelsohn says, they were typically less likely to smoke and less likely to be overweight than their older counterparts.
"Anecdotally, when you talk with these patients, [some] are marathon runners who don't eat red meat, don't smoke, do everything 'right' and say 'why did this happen to me?' " she says.
Often, they tell her they've seen multiple doctors because of rectal bleeding, but have been told, since they're under 50, they "can't have cancer." That's clearly not the case, she says.
Ongoing studies are looking at a multitude of factors that might be contributing to the earlier cancer incidence. Potential culprits include over-the-counter anti-inflammatory medicines, antibiotics and antidepressants, as well as multiple vitamins, probiotics and other dietary supplements.
The new recommendations should bring greater attention to the value of screening, says Mendelsohn, who suggests that future studies investigate whether even younger people — in their early 40s or even 30s — should be screened.
A first colon cancer screening does not have to be a colonoscopy. In its new recommendations, the cancer society recommends choosing from one of six screening tests, which are also currently recommended by other expert groups. The guidelines don't prioritize among screening choices.
The choices include three at-home kits that test stool for blood.
These kits need to be ordered by a doctor; primary-care providers often have them on hand in the office to give to patients, Wender says, or they may be mailed.
"It's done in the privacy of your own home," he says. Patients mail the sample to a research facility which tests for microscopic traces of blood.
If the test is positive, a colonoscopy is recommended, Wender says; but only one in five people test positive for blood in their stool.
Typically, these home tests of feces are repeated every year for good results.
Alternatively, some patients opt for what's called a "virtual" colonoscopy — essentially a CT scan of the colon — which should be done every five years, according to the new recommendations.
Another approved option is a flexible sigmoidoscopy, which looks at the lower part of the colon, and is followed up by a colonoscopy if polyps are found.
A positive result picked up in these screening tests is typically followed up by a colonoscopy, which uses a tiny camera to investigate the entire colon. It is not only a search for early cancer; more often than not, Wender says, it detects pre-malignant, suspicious lesions, or polyps, which are removed during the procedure.
"When we find and remove polyps we actually prevent any future chance of that developing into cancer," he says.
Despite the high cure rate when colon cancer is caught early, only two-thirds of Americans over 50 get screened.
The American Cancer Society says it endorsed the full range of screening tests "without preference" in order to improve the rate of screening. In its latest advice, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force says head-to-head comparison studies have shown that no one screening test is more effective than another in early cancer detection.
While they differ on the age of first screening, both groups suggest that screening over age 75 should be a joint decision between patient and doctor. And after age 85, screening is no longer necessary, the doctors' groups agree. That's because the risk of colonoscopy among this elderly population can outweigh any benefit.
If watching the sun set with a drink in hand on a rooftop bar is on your summer bucket list, this weekend is the event you've been waiting for.
A pop-up rooftop party is taking over Worcester's Union Station Garage on Saturday.
From 8 p.m. to 1 a.m. there will be drinks, food and views of Worcester for the party, dubbed "Sunset in the City."
"Worcester doesn't currently have any rooftop bars, so this has been something we've wanted to do for a long time," said Mitchell Perry, one of the event organizers. "It will be the perfect combination of great food, drink, and music surrounding by an impeccable view of the city."
The party will have music by DJ DUPE, food and cocktails from The Flying Rhino, and craft beer by Wormtown Brewery.
Tickets are available online for $15 and are $20 at the door. The event is 21+ and a valid form of identification is needed to enter.
The food and drinks are cash only.
The Union Station Garage is at 255 Franklin St. Free parking is available across the street in the lot under Interstate 290.
Sunset in the City is presented by Pulse Magazine, and sponsored by The Edge at Union Station, Wormtown Brewery, Escape Games, and Action! Worcester.
VIENNA — Serbia failed to clinch a World Cup berth in Vienna and lost instead, giving fresh hope to Wales and Ireland in qualifying on Friday.
Serbia only had to beat already-eliminated Austria. It squandered the opening goal, came back to draw 2-2 then conceded a long-range goal in the 89th minute for Austria to win 3-2.
The Serbs can still secure top spot in Europe Group D and the automatic qualifying berth that comes with it on Monday, with a home win against Georgia.
Wales was only a point behind in the standings after beating Georgia 1-0 away without Gareth Bale, while Ireland were only a point behind Wales after defeating Moldova 2-0 in Dublin.
Pro Football Hall of Famer Jerome Bettis issued some strong words for both star running back Le'Veon Bell and the Pittsburgh Steelers as the two sides attempt to work out a long-term deal.
"Neither one of you are as good by yourself as you are together," Bettis said, via TMZ.com.
Bell is set to earn $14.5 million under the franchise tag. He has until the July 16 deadline to finalize a long-term contract.
The 26-year-old Bell, who has been hit with the franchise tag for the second year in a row, missed the majority of the Steelers' offseason last year. He said he is hoping to avoid a repeat of that scenario this summer.
"Le'Veon, you're not going to be as good going somewhere else because they're not going to have the offensive line, they're not going to have the quarterback, the receivers that they have in Pittsburgh," Bettis said. "You have a full complement around you that allows you to be as great as you want to be."
Bell ran for 1,291 yards and a career-high nine touchdowns last season while catching a personal-best 85 passes for 655 yards and two scores. He was third in the NFL in rushing yards and 10th in receptions.
The Steelers finished the 2017 campaign with a 13-3 mark before dropping a 45-42 decision to the Jacksonville Jaguars in the AFC divisional round of the playoffs.
Bettis won a Super Bowl with the Steelers and also played for the then-St. Louis Rams. He retired as the NFL's fifth-best rusher with 13,662 yards and entered the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2015.
At the time, the cases bore eerie resemblances to each other.
"There have been a series of very similar murders in Toronto in which gay men have been tied up, brutally beaten and killed," reads an October 1978 issue of The Body Politic, a now-defunct LGBT magazine.
For the solved murders, police found motives of robbery, fights over payment for sex and violent assault, according to TBP.
But in the cold cases, the community continued to wonder what happened to those men, with a February 1979 issue of TBPpositing: "Could they have been committed by one man? The police aren't saying. But the crimes do show a certain similarity."
Robin Rowland, an author and former journalist now based in British Columbia, said it was the high-profile murder of bar owner Alexander "Sandy" Romeo LeBlanc in 1978 that tapped into this fear in the burgeoning Village community.
"If you went to the bars, you very seldom saw the cops. After that one murder, you would see the uniforms from 52 Division doing walk-throughs through the bars," he said.
Rowland, who was in his early 20s at the time, said he was just coming out in the gay community at the height of these murders. At that time, the suspected serial killer had been dubbed the "Mad Stabber."
A homicide detective identified as Inspector Hobson told The Body Politic that several of the dead men had "a common denominator: the victim was last seen at the St. Charles Tavern, and met his murderer there. Beyond that we cannot say if there is a connection."
To improve safety, gay men were encouraged to introduce their dates to friends and communication channels were slowly opening up with police to assist in the investigation.
However, sporadic bathhouse raids in the late 1970s, culminating in the 1981 raids and mass arrests, put a massive wedge between police and the community at a delicate time when investigators were searching for answers to murder cases.
"All the co-operation that the homicide cops were trying to get with the community, it just shut it down," Rowland said.
Here is a summary of the murders, based on Toronto Police Cold Case files, Toronto Stararchives and two TPB reports, one written by an unnamed author and the other by now-deceased journalist Robin Hardy.
Feb. 18, 1975: Police attended the apartment of Arthur Harold Walkley, 52, in response to a 911 call at 3:50 a.m. that day. His roommate discovered his naked body, stabbed several times in the back and chest, though no knife was ever recovered by police. His wallets and credit cards were stolen during the attack. Walkley, a part-time University of Toronto lecturer, died shortly after arriving in hospital.
Dec. 20, 1975: Frederick John Fontaine was 32 when he died. Fontaine was found in the washroom of the St. Charles Tavern, a former bar with a landmark clock tower, popular in the early days of Toronto's Gay Village. Officers attended the scene about 9 p.m., and found the CBC technician suffering from blunt force trauma. He died several months later in hospital, on July 15, 1976.
Feb. 11, 1976: Forty-two-year-old painter and decorator James Douglas Taylor was found beaten with a baseball bat in his North York apartment. He was also robbed. Neighbours told police at the time that a pickup truck was seen at the house, where he lived alone.
Sept. 20, 1976: Police discovered the body of James Stewart Kennedy, a federal income tax employee, at 8 a.m. on a Monday. The 59-year-old was strangled with a bath towel and suffering from blunt force trauma in his Jarvis St. apartment. He was dead by the time police arrived.
Jan. 25, 1977: Described in some media coverage as "shy and new on the gay scene," 25-year-old Brian Dana Latocki, a financial bank analyst, was found tied to a bed in his apartment, strangled, and stabbed to death. The night before he was killed, he was last seen leaving the St. Charles Tavern.
July 28, 1977: At 11 a.m., police responded to a 911 call for an apartment near George and Gerrard Sts. There, they found 23-year-old Randall Frederick Chidwick stabbed to death.
Sept. 20, 1978: Perhaps one of the most high-profile deaths was of club owner Alexander "Sandy" Romeo LeBlanc, 29. He was found at 7:20 p.m., stabbed more than 100 times from head to foot. "As police walked around the body, the carpet squished from the sound of absorbed blood, and bloody footprints led to an open window," Robin Hardy wrote in 1979. Despite attempts to resuscitate him, LeBlanc was pronounced dead at the scene.
Nov. 28, 1978: Just after 2 p.m. that day, police responded to a "check address" call for a resident near Bathurst St. and St. Clair Ave. Inside an apartment, they found William Duncan Robinson, 25, dead from stab wounds. His sister made the call to police after he didn't show up to work for two days. At the time, police believed he may have gone to a gay bar in the Yonge and College Sts. area, and returned home with the killer. A neighbour reported hearing a "strange hollow sound" coming from his apartment.
Toronto Star
The Australian actor donned a full body wetsuit to catch some waves on Vancouver Island this weekend
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth spent time in Tofino last weekend and caught some waves. (Instagram/Chris Hemsworth)
More and more actors and actresses are spending time in British Columbia, mostly due to Vancouver solidifying itself as Hollywood North for major TV and movie productions.
It's no longer unusual to see famous celebrities eating at the same restaurants we frequent or hanging out at the same places we've long since known as local gems. And with the influence of social media these days, many are also chronically their journey for the rest of us to follow along.
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth, known for his title role as Thor in the Marvel movie universe since 2011, has kept himself busy this past week on the West Coast. He's been spending time in Vancouver shooting the movie ‘Bad Times at the El Royale', and last week shared a video view of his condo from high above Stanley Park.
RELATED: Chris Hemsworth loves visiting B.C.
A few days later he took in some Rugby Sevens action at B.C. Place and handed out a prize following the final match.
But this past weekend it was time for Hemsworth to head over to Vancouver Island and catch some waves near Tofino.
He posted to Instagram: ‘Not sure if we're robbing banks or surfing but it's damn cold in Canada. Well worth it though, what a beautiful place!!'
According to his Instagram page, the 34-year-old looks like he surfs a lot — including with his young daughter.
And after spending some time in a full body wetsuit, Hemsworth made sure to warm up with a steaming bowl of Vietnamese Pho as he continues to conquer mountains, embrace challenges and push phoward.
ragnar.haagen@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
The Daily Coin
Rory Hall, The Daily Coin. Beginning in 1987 Rory has written over 1,000 articles and produced more than 300 videos on topics ranging from the precious metals market, economic and monetary policies, preparedness as well as geopolitical events. His articles have been published by Zerohedge, SHTFPlan, Sprott Money, GoldSilver, Silver Doctors, SGTReport, and a great many more. Rory was a producer and daily contributor at SGTReport between 2012 and 2014. He has interviewed experts such as Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, Dr. Marc Faber, Eric Sprott, Gerald Celente and Peter Schiff, to name but a few. Don't forget to visit The Daily Coin and Shadow of Truth YouTube channels to enjoy original videos and some of the best economic, precious metals, geopolitical and preparedness news from around the world.
NAHKI WELLS had no doubt he would score Huddersfield's late equaliser and head coach David Wagner is certain the Bermuda international will remain at the club this season.
Wells turned a mood of despondency into one of elation by clipping home a free-kick over a five-man wall and inside Jason Steele's right-hand post from the edge of the area in the fourth minute of stoppage time.
It was not enough to give Town a fifth successive league win for the first time since 1999, but it did earn a point to take them back above neighbours Leeds United into fourth place.
Rovers looked on course for a smash and grab victory after Danny Graham celebrated the arrival of twin sons 24 hours earlier by powerfully heading home their one opportunity from Liam Feeney's 81st-minute cross after Town failed to deal with a free-kick from out on the left.
Town responded and though the ploy of throwing central defenders Michael Hefele and substitute Mark Hudson up front to add height and power failed, they reaped reward when diminutive substitute Jack Payne was tripped inside the D and Wells did the rest.
There had been discussion as to who would take the free-kick, but Wells explained: “It wasn't a case of if I can take it. They didn't believe I could get it up and over from that short range. I believed that it was possible, but I don't blame my team-mates for doubting it because it is a very difficult task.
“You have to back yourself, stick to the plan and not change your mind. I have probably had just one free-kick like that all season in that position, we just don't seem to get them as we play a lot of football down the sides of teams and not at the top of the box, but I always back myself to score.”
Wells, of course, first made an impact on the game playing off the towering James Hanson at Bradford City but he enjoys being the spearhead of an attacking diamond in the right circumstances.
“To be honest, I do prefer playing as a lone striker in a footballing team,” he said. “I enjoy the game more. I am more involved in what's going on.
“Don't get me wrong, I still feel capable of playing off a target man. I still feel I am capable of that, but we don't really have that at the minute though I think it would be a great addition.
“I enjoy being up there as a one in a football side. It would not work in a direct side as I don't have the physical attributes to do what that takes, but, in a footballing side, it works.”
Of his front-runner, Wagner commented: “Nahki Wells is a quality striker and he has shown it before. It was an important goal, which has changed the mood in the dressing room.
“It was important to keep our unbeaten run alive and everybody was able to come out of this game with a positive feeling even though we only drew.
“Since I arrived, he has played this role great and is a natural goal-scorer. If he really stays in the game and works and has the feeling that, ‘Okay I am in the game' then he will always be dangerous.
“He had at least two great opportunities in the first half and maybe one he had to put into the net. I have been more or less happy with Nahki in almost every single game. He has 18 months left on his contract and he is our player and we are happy with him.”
While Wagner is determined to stick to his principles, a new year signing of a target man would give Town a Plan B when Plan A brings a monopoly of possession – 73 per cent this time – but no goals.
Kasey Palmer's first-minute overhead kick brought a smart save from Steele but, apart from a flick header from Wells, the Rovers goalkeeper was only tested once more, somehow smothering the ball when Wells got in front of his marker and struck a first-time shot from Tommy Smith's low cross before the break.
Town ran out of ideas and rarely lifted the tempo to a level with which the visitors were uncomfortable after the interval despite the introduction of Payne and Harry Bunn.
They were made to pay when Graham notched his seventh goal in eight games only for Wells to come to the rescue.
Town should prepare for similar defensive and stalling tactics at another struggling club, Wigan, this afternoon believes Dean Whitehead, captain on his 600th career appearance.
Whitehead came in for thigh victim and holding midfield man Jonathan Hogg, who is again out today, and said: “They will be fighting and scrapping like teams are at the bottom.
“They are in tricky form at the moment, but we have to go there focused on our game and team and get the job done.”
The former Boro man said of his milestone: “It's nice to reach 600, but I will reflect on that when I am done.”
Of a second successive draw against Rovers, he added: “There is an element of relief in the dressing room. We showed great character to get back in it and it could be a big point for us in the end.
“We need Nahk to keep doing what he is doing and producing moments like that. It gets you up the table and breeds confidence.”
Huddersfield Town: Ward, Smith, Hefele, Schindler, Lowe; Kachunga, Mooy, Whitehead (Hudson 86), Van La Parra (Bunn 59); Palmer (Payne 59); Wells. Unused substitutes: Coleman, Billing, Cranie, Stankovic.
Blackburn Rovers: Steele, Nyambe, Greer, Mulgrew, Williams; Feeney, Akpan, Evans (Bennett 69), Conway; Graham (Brown 88), Gallagher. Unused substitutes: Raya, Stokes, Emnes, Mahoney, Travis.
Referee: D Bond (Lancs).
Tru Testo Fuel Platinum : - It is another supplement that skyrockets your imperativeness and quality. On the off chance that you need better outcomes from your exercises, have a go at utilizing this astounding new muscle fuel. To the extent muscle supplements go, this one is extraordinary in its energy, characteristic arrangement, and results. In the event that you need better quality, greater muscles, and upgraded definition, New Tru Testo Fuel is for you.
http://www.facts4supplement.com/tru-testo-fuel-platinum/
LONDON — Milos Raonic's big serve has powered the Canadian to another victory at Wimbledon.
The No. 13 seed advanced to the third round of the grass-court tennis Grand Slam with a 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over unseeded Australian John Millman on Wednesday.
Raonic, who said he was battling a virus, had just four breakpoint opportunities in the match, winning one.
But Millman did next to nothing against Raonic's serve, converting on one of two breakpoint chances. Raonic had 34 aces, compared to only three for Millman.
Raonic fell just short of a Wimbledon record as one of his serves was clocked at 147 miles per hour. American Taylor Dent set the record in 2010 with a 148 m.p.h. blast.
"For the first set and a half I didn't really create much, especially on his serve," Raonic told reporters after the match. "I was fortunate to get through that tiebreaker on two well-played points. And then I thought I started playing well midway through the second set. ... But overall, happy to be through and happy to be moving on."
The 27-year-old from Thornhill, Ont., leads the ATP Tour in the past year with wins in 73.7 per cent of his tiebreaks — and Raonic continued that trend in his second-round victory.
A return to Wimbledon for the 2016 finalist seems to have given Raonic a boost. He lost in the first round of the Australian Open this year and missed the French Open with an injury, one of several health setbacks during the past few years.
"I feel good. Body has behaved," Raonic said. "Obviously we are very cautious with it, because it's tough to ask the body to stop and start all the time. We pay a lot more attention with the treatments after matches, after practices, we are spending a lot of time just to negate anything from coming up. I feel good, moving well on court, I feel like I'm doing the things well. And hopefully my body allows me to play plenty of tennis."
Raonic also avoided a confrontation with a seeded player in the third round as qualifier Dennis Novak of Austria upset No. 17 Lucas Paille of France, 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2, on Tuesday.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. sympathizes with Danica Patrick after boos: 'She's had a tough year'
Dale Jr. said it's a balancing act when it comes to interacting with fans.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 23:17 IST
Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. understands that there are times when it is tough to interact with your fans.
He especially sympathized with Danica Patrick after she was booed for not signing autographs at Pocono.
"She's had a tough year. She's under tons of pressure. She's under a lot of pressure. I can completely relate to where she is mentally," Earnhardt said on his podcast Tuesday.
Patrick became emotional, reminding fans that the booing hurts her feelings and that she is a "f—ing person."
She continued that it wasn't her job to sign autographs, which Earnhardt said is not the case when you're in the public eye, adding that a person can use fan interaction as a moral boost.
"The thing is I have found that what makes me feel better is actually going and signing autographs because the fans talk to you and go 'I saw your qualifying, I saw it wasn't very good. No problem, you're going to get them tomorrow,'" Earnhardt said. "That's all you really want to hear, from whoever is going to tell you that."
Even though Junior feels for Danica, he did reiterate that being a professional athlete is a balancing act and that they should know they are always being watched in some way.
"I hate it for Danica because it paints her in a bad light, but she brought it on herself," he said. "You never know when a camera's rolling, who's watching. It's certainly true in that case."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With eight games to go it is all about the points, the performance is secondary.
Make no mistake Saturday's game against Ipswich Town was massive and if we are to reach the end of season play-offs Bristol City will have to grind out wins like this one.
The game again won't live long in the memory but actually this was a pretty solid performance. We did play some nice football at times but without the cutting edge.
I moaned about the Burton game last week but to be fair that is two clean sheets in a row and achieved without three of our best players this season in Aden Flint, Joe Bryan and Nathan Baker (appreciating that Nathan did play 45 minutes last week).
Other players have had to step up and none more so than Bristol City youngster Lloyd Kelly.
Lloyd had another impressive game, let's not forget this young man is only 19 years of age and yet shows composure far behind his years.
What I like about Lloyd is that he tries to do the right thing, he looks to retain the ball and doesn't just hoof it. When defending he plays the %'s and if the ball needs to be put in to touch in order that the team can get its shape back that's what Lloyd does.
The real moment of quality in the game came from Lloyd in the 64th minute, sending in a perfect left foot cross that Milan Djuric planted firmly into the back of the net. The big Bosnian scoring in only his second game back following a long injury lay off.
Credit to Lee Johnson for making an early substitution replacing the ineffective Famara Diédhiou with Djuric. I like Diédhiou but he has to man up a little, too often he was pushed off the ball with the ref waving away his appeals for a foul.
Djuric puts himself about and there was no way he wasn't getting his head on Kelly's cross for the winner. Having big Milan back will make us so much stronger for the run in and gives the manager another option.
I also want to call out Bailey Wright and Hordur Magnusson both of whom I have been critical of.
I thought both were excellent yesterday with very little getting past them. Eros Pisano was solid and behind them Frankie Fielding did everything he needed to do.
The second half saw returns to the pitch for both Gary O'Neil and Jens Hegeler. Jens showed his football brain when anticipating a header late on and cleared the ball off the line.
City struggled to break Ipswich down and while Bobby Reid worked hard it just wasn't his day. Marlon Pack was the pick of the midfield and was the main driving force going forward.
Korey Smith broke the play up but was a little wayward when on the ball. Jamie Paterson again in a free role got into some nice pockets but couldn't create the opening. Like Diédhiou I would like to see Paterson man up a bit more.
Johnson was full of praise for Josh Brownhill after the game, citing the varying roles that Brownhill played throughout the game. It's true a lot of Brownhill's work goes unnoticed but personally I thought he looked tired and the rest over the next couple of weeks will do him some good.
Ipswich were a solid organised team, as Mick McCarthy's sides always are but they didn't pose much going forward and all in all it was a comfortable afternoon.
As I say it is all about the points at this stage of the season and the win sees us just one point behind Middlesbrough and Derby County who occupy 5th and 6th positions.
Joe Bryan is back for the next game and Aden Flint has one game left of his ban.
Nathan Baker should hopefully be fit and we also know that Callum O'Dowda is not long away from a return with Matt Taylor not far behind.
We could enter the last few games with a fully fit squad and if we can stay in and around the play off places we have a really good chance.
NORTHAMPTON -- As a 29-year veteran of the Northampton Police Department, Officer Michael Allard knows a thing or two about crime scenes.
Allard spent last week imparting some of that knowledge to others at the International Association for Identification (IAI) educational conference in Atlanta, Georgia, the largest forensics and crime scene professionals conference in the world.
The IAI, which has been a law enforcement resource since its inception in 1915, is a global organization, with over 6,500 members from 77 countries, according to its mission statement. The organization's annual conference brings forensic professionals together for a week to learn and network.
Allard spent the week teaching workshops covering a number of topics, including using forensics and other technology to map crime scenes, according to a statement from the Northampton Police Department.
Capt. John Cartledge said Allard is one of the most trained and well-rounded officers when it comes to crime scene investigations, and that the conference is a good opportunity to share some of that with the wider law enforcement community.
"He's one of our crime scene technicians, he's also one of our accident reconstruction people, as well as part of our drone unit," said Cartledge. "He's really one of our most well trained officers in those areas."
The IAI, which originally began at the turn of the 20th century as a small cadre of like-minded criminal investigators in Oakland, California, has grown into the world's largest conference dedicated to exploring new crime scene investigation techniques and practices.
Bill Schade, a spokesman for the conference, said that the IAI is a means by which crime scene investigators can keep ahead of the curve and consistently improve how they assist law enforcement officials. "It's a constant evolution," Schade said. "Science is always evolving and we need to keep up with it."
One of the newest technologies being used by police -- and one that Allard taught workshops on at IAI this week -- is unmanned aircraft systems, otherwise known as drones.
Cartledge said Allard helped to "spearhead" the Northampton Police Department's new drone unit, which is a fairly unique entity locally.
"We're one of the few, if only, agencies in the area that has such a unit," Cartledge said, adding that a lot of other local agencies have been using the Northampton police's unit as a model for their own.
Cartledge and Allard are both part of the small, four-person unit, and are two of a handful of local police officials licensed to fly drones, which Cartledge said are used for a variety of situations.
"We primarily have used it at fire scenes to help the Fire Department get aerial scenes of what they're doing to help them fight fires better," Cartledge said, noting that the technology has also been useful in missing person or search and rescue investigations as well as in assisting the Department of Public Works in mapping various geographic locations.
When it comes to integrating new technologies into law enforcement practices Cartledge said there is a well-researched process that goes into determining whether it will provide better service to the public.
"It's a matter of our Department and certainly individual officers and supervisors looking into things that might benefit our department and the community," Cartledge said.
Police Chief Ken Burton and the Public Safety team search for ways to make the community safe so citizens can work, learn and play no matter where they live in Columbia. The team's goal is to improve citizen satisfaction with police and fire services.
OFF-KEY Doncaster Rovers required a penalty by Liam Mandeville penalty to salvage a point in a hard-fought encounter against Mansfield Town.
Mandeville netted 13 minutes from time from the spot to earn Rovers a reprieve following a disappointing New Year's Eve performance.
Matt Green had given the industrious hosts a deserved lead on the hour mark after Rovers manager Darren Ferguson had kept faith with the side that started in the win over Notts County.
Rovers were given much more space than they had been five days earlier at Notts County, but were unable to make it pay.
Their passing was, on occasion, careless and over-deliberation brought several promising-looking attacks to an end.
Mansfield wanted a penalty when Andy Butler clattered into Danny Rose, but the flag was already up for offside and the appeals were negated.
Rovers reverted to a back three, which had served them so well at Notts County, but quickly found themselves adrift.
Malvind Benning tried his luck from 25 yards and the ball was deflected home, with Green claiming credit for the last touch.
However, Rovers were allowed a chance to restore parity when they were awarded a penalty on 77 minutes.
Mandeville forced the advancing Scott Shearer into a fine save, but Mansfield's goalkeeper then felled Matty Blair and Mandeville sent him the wrong way with his spot-kick.
Mansfield Town: Shearer, Bennett, Howkins, Pearce, Bennett, Collins, Baxendale (Hurst 87), Hamilton, Clements (M Rose 87), Green, D Rose (Hoban 79). Unused substitutes: Jensen, Thomas, Hemmings, McGuire.
Doncaster Rovers: Marosi, Alcock (Middleton 63), Baudry, Butler, Mason, Houghton, Blair, Rowe, Mandeville (Keegan 85), Marquis, Williams. Unused substitutes: Jones, Wright, Calder, Beestin, Longbottom.
Referee: Stephen Martin (Staffordshire).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola has dismissed Jose Mourinho's claim that the title race is over.
Guardiola has shrugged off Mourinho's insistence that Manchester United are fighting to finish second to Manchester City because of the Blues' 15-point lead and insisted nothing has yet been decided.
“Not yet,” said the City boss. “There are 13 games to go and 39 points to play for.
“It's not over. We have amazingly tough teams to play. Everybody here in England knows how complicated it is to play Burnley. We also have to got to Stoke City and Goodison Park.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“We have still Tottenham, Chelsea, Man United and Arsenal to play, so it's definitely not over.”
Guardiola also revealed that Benjamin Mendy should return to training in March from his knee ligaments injury after adding him to their Champions League squad for the knock-out phase.
He said: “He's much, much better. He's in the States, in New York. I think it's six months now, so maybe in March, he will start to train with us.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Guardiola claimed he did not know yet know the extent of David Silva's injury after he took a blow to his hip against West Brom on Wednesday night.
“Yesterday he couldn't train,” he said. “He took a painful kick in the side. We are going to see tomorrow how it is.”
BOSTON— The movements of great white sharks in the Pacific and Indian oceans have long been the subject of academic study, but new research is just starting to shed light on the behaviour of their Atlantic Ocean counterparts.
Researchers in Massachusetts say white sharks appear to venture offshore farther, with more frequency and at greater depths than previously known in the Atlantic.
Some of the 32 sharks tracked between 2009 and 2014 ended up as far east as the Azores, the Portuguese island chain located more than 2,300 miles (3,701 kilometres) from Cape Cod, where most of the animals were initially outfitted with satellite tags.
They also were found to make frequent deep dives — as far down as 3,700 feet (1,127 metres) — and spend more time at those dark depths than previous studies in the Atlantic suggest.
The team, which included scientists from the state Division of Marine Fisheries, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, had its findings published last week in Marine Ecology Progress Series, a prominent scientific journal.
"Everything we knew previously indicated that the white shark in the Atlantic is more coastally-oriented, moving north-to-south and remaining on the continental shelf," explained Gregory Skomal, the study's lead author. "So what we're now describing is this other component, this offshore movement into open ocean."
Skomal says the work has implications for shark conservation efforts since it extends the known habitat for these ancient predators. White sharks are not considered endangered or threatened, but it's illegal to hunt them in U.S. waters.
"You've got U.S. protection within 200 miles of shore, but you have sharks clearly leaving that protection that are vulnerable to harvest," Skomal said. "We need to engage other countries fishing in these waters to talk about putting similar protections in place."
The research is exciting because it represents the "first real insights into the movement patterns of white sharks" in the northern part of the Atlantic, says Tobey Curtis, a Massachusetts-based shark researcher for the National Marine Fisheries Service who was not involved with the study.
"Prior to this, we were only able to piece together information about their distribution from widely scattered reports from fishermen, scientists and the public," he said. "Having tracks of individual sharks really helps fill in the gaps, and provides a more complete picture of white shark movements and migrations."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amanda Holden looked fuming after a Britain's Got Talent comedian 'said what we've all been thinking'.
Robert White's hilarious routine left the judges in stitches - even though a lot of his jokes were at their expense.
The 41-year-old comedian, from West Sussex, took aim at Amanda in particular and claimed she was "obsessed at trying to look younger".
Horrified Amanda jumped out of her seat in shock, but the worst was yet to come as cheeky Robert swiftly added: "Like she used to."
The humiliated judge held out her hands in amazement while the rest of the panel giggled beside her.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The naughty comedian then sang: "Its not the truth it's just in that chair as a find you. That chair its reflecting your younger years - it's behind you."
But this time Amanda burst out laughing at the funny gag - and her fellow judges were surprised with her reaction.
After he finished, she said: "You are very funny, very witty, very intelligent. And you are spot on with all of us. Well done darling."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Simon said: "I said to Amanda when you came on I love musical comedy. I have to tell you, you were bloody hilarious.
"There's always this element you think you'll go too far which reminds me of someone."
Simon then looked across the desk to David, who said it was "one of the funniest performances" he'd ever seen.
(Image: ITV)
Britain's Got Talent viewers took to Twitter after watching his hilarious set.
One viewer said: "Finally someone told Amanda what we have all always been thinking"
Another added: "WOAH, this is below the belt! Amanda ain't gonna like the 'you're obsessed with looking young like you used to do' comment!
A third said: "This guy should get through alone for the amount of shade he's thrown at Amanda Holden"
*Britain's Got Talent airs all week on ITV at 7.30pm with results at 9.30pm
ZURICH — After being arrested in Rio de Janeiro and accused of storing gold bars in Switzerland, Brazilian Olympic Committee president Carlos Nuzman was suspended by the IOC on Friday.
The decision came hours after Brazilian authorities investigating a 2016 Olympic vote-buying case asked for help from prosecutors in Switzerland.
The Brazilian Olympic Committee was also provisionally suspended and had its funding frozen.
Nuzman, a 75-year-old lawyer, was also removed from the IOC's panel overseeing preparations for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
The International Olympic Committee announced the decisions after an emergency conference call of its executive board. The IOC said its decision will not affect Brazilian athletes, who will continue to receive scholarship funds and be eligible for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Nuzman was arrested on Thursday on suspicion of obstructing investigators from Brazil and France, who detained and questioned him one month ago. Their case explores suspicious payments linked to how the city won the hosting rights for the 2016 Olympics.
Brazilian prosecutors revealed Thursday they believed Nuzman has stored 16 bars of gold in a depository in Geneva and greatly increased his wealth while overseeing the Rio bid and organizing committees.
The office of Switzerland's attorney general said Friday it is "currently analyzing" a request from Brazil for legal assistance.
"The request has been transferred from the Federal Office of Justice (FOJ) to the (attorney general's office) as the competent authority for execution," the federal office said in a statement.
Brazilian prosecutors have implicated Nuzman in a bribery scheme of at least $2 million to help win votes from IOC members, who chose Rio as host city in 2009 in a four-city contest. The losers were Chicago, supported by then-President Barack Obama, Madrid and Tokyo.
Tom Oliphant ended his 2017 Porsche Carrera Cup GB campaign in style, confirming his fourth position in the final championship standings with a sensational drive from eighth on the grid through to a podium finish at Brands Hatch.
Qualifying did not go his way on Saturday as a combination of traffic, yellow flags and driver errors left him eighth and sixth on the grid for Sunday's two races.
The 27-year-old was determined to make amends in the races and he made an immediate impact in the opening encounter, gaining four places on the first lap as he excelled in tricky wet conditions.
The Leamington-based racer briefly slipped back to fifth position but following a short safety car period his charge would continue as he regained the place with a fantastic dive down the inside into Stirlings before immediately setting his sights on the podium contenders ahead.
Oliphant closed down a gap of over two seconds to the driver ahead before grabbing third place with a slick move into Druids three laps from the end to complete a remarkable drive through the field.
Oliphant would go on to enjoy a starring role on ITV4 later that afternoon as he played his part in a dramatic championship finale, battling wheel-to-wheel with eventual champion Charlie Eastwood before eventually having to settle for sixth position at the chequered flag, a result that completed a remarkably consistent run of 14 top-six results in 15 races this year.
He said: “The weekend has been really good overall. Qualifying wasn't great, but practice went well and I'm pleased with my performance across the two races, especially getting the podium from eighth on the grid in the opener.”
Target is buying a delivery logistics company to offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers.
Software from San Francisco-based Grand Junction connects retailers with about 700 delivery companies that pick up items from distribution centers and take them to customers.
Target is already testing same-day delivery at a New York store.
Interested customers just have to pay a fee.
Target plans to expand the service to other New York locations this year---then bring it to other major cities in 2018.
Roseanne Barr Says Ambien Played Role In Racist Tweet That Spiked Her Show's Reboot
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images
Roseanne Barr says she was "Ambien tweeting" at 2 in the morning when she posted a racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett, a former senior adviser in the Obama White House, that caused ABC to cancel her TV show.
The reboot of Barr's eponymous TV show was canceled Tuesday after one season. ABC Entertainment's president announced the network was pulling the plug after Barr tweeted that Jarrett, who now serves on several corporate boards and is a senior fellow at the University of Chicago Law School, is the product of the "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes."
Barr announced shortly before 10:30 a.m. on Tuesday, "I apologize. I am now leaving Twitter." She then sent dozens of tweets in which she apologized and offered up a number of reasons for her offensive comment.
"It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting — it was memorial day too — I went 2 far & do not want it defended," Barr said in a tweet Tuesday night.
She also said she believed Jarrett was Saudi or Jewish or Persian, rather than black. But when she invoked the sleep aid, her critics pounced.
From Ragnorak Lobster, on Twitter:
"AMBIEN SIDE EFFECTS: Peddling bizarre conspiracy theories, voting for white nationalists, doing photo shoots while dressed as Hitler and tanking your career by calling black women apes. If your racism lasts longer than four hours, please see a doctor."
Ambien's manufacturer, Sanofi-Aventis, lists warnings and precautions for the drug that include a section on "Abnormal Thinking and Behavioral Changes" — side effects that can include a lack of inhibition.
Sanofi-Aventis tells people to stop taking Ambien if they find themselves performing complex behaviors — like making phone calls or driving a car — without being fully awake.
"It can rarely be determined with certainty whether a particular instance of the abnormal behaviors listed above is drug induced, spontaneous in origin, or a result of an underlying psychiatric or physical disorder," the company says.
Later, Barr denied that she was putting the blame on Ambien, saying it was "just an explanation not an excuse."
On Wednesday morning, Barr replied to one critic on Twitter, "Yes, I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do. I BLAME MYSELF OK?"
With the Roseanne show canceled, others who were involved with the project weighed in on the star's comments — including Sara Gilbert, who had been executive producer on the reboot.
Gilbert said the remarks are "abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show," adding that she is disappointed in her longtime friend and colleague.
In her initial response to that tweet, Barr said, "Wow! unreal."
But on Wednesday, she took a softer stance, coming to Gilbert's defense after one of her followers sent a critical tweet.
"No, I understand her position and why she said what she said," Barr said. She added that she forgives Gilbert, saying, "It just shocked me a bit, but I indeed [f*****] up."
In addition to her remark about Jarrett, Barr is also being criticized over her recent attacks on both Chelsea Clinton and billionaire George Soros, who is a prominent donor to Democratic campaigns. On Monday, Barr regurgitated a rumor that Clinton had married a nephew of Soros — a rumor that was popularized by actor and Trump supporter Scott Baio shortly before the 2016 presidential election.
Clinton replied to Barr early Tuesday, "Good morning Roseanne — my given middle name is Victoria. I imagine George Soros's nephews are lovely people. I'm just not married to one."
Barr apologized but then followed it up by repeating another conspiracy theory — that Soros and his father worked with Nazis during World War II (a rumor that has been debunked, and that Soros denounced again yesterday).
On Wednesday morning, Barr also invoked President Trump. Barr said, "i feel bad for @POTUS-he goes thru this every single day."
In addition to the cancellation of her rebooted show, reruns of the original program, which ran for much of the 1990s, were pulled by Viacom.
Test Boost Elite it is crucial to word that on every occasion you're out selecting a colon cleaner it desires to be free from any risky chemical substances. in clean phrases, a purifier desires to be absolutely herbal and free from risky aspect effects. on the equal time you need to Test Boost Elite keep in mind that a cleaner need to be synthetic in a natural way. however you need to try to keep away from the use of harmful over the counter drug treatments as they're chemical primarily based. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
White House Rescinds Obama-Era Guidelines Encouraging Affirmative Action The departments of Justice and Education announced on Tuesday that they have retracted documents that advised schools on how they could legally consider race in admissions and other decisions.
White House Rescinds Obama-Era Guidelines Encouraging Affirmative Action White House Rescinds Obama-Era Guidelines Encouraging Affirmative Action White House Rescinds Obama-Era Guidelines Encouraging Affirmative Action Audio will be available later today. The departments of Justice and Education announced on Tuesday that they have retracted documents that advised schools on how they could legally consider race in admissions and other decisions. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Unfortunately, the predominant exposure most non-Indigenous people get to Indigenous-inspired designs is through cheap souvenirs and tourist trinkets, says Paul.
Despite the fact that many Indigenous communities boast master weavers, beaders, and applique artists, they have yet to receive broader recognition for their talents, she says.
"(It's) because of colonization and because of the commodification of our culture and I think a lot of it has been cheapened through that," says the 34-year-old.
"You can go to any Canadian tourist store and buy a really cheap piece of beaded work that's not even made here in Canada.... It costs more money to do one of a kind custom-made pieces."
By nature, the fashion industry has not been friendly to emerging creators who more often work-to-order or only make small batches, she adds. Those on remote reserves are at a further disadvantage because tools, materials and shipping are more expensive.
"We're not going to be able to mass produce at the level that a major retailer would want. I'm hoping to change or to start influencing how we work with Indigenous designers ... to look at purchasing lower quantities and understanding the value with that," she says.
"By bringing everyone to Toronto I'm really hoping that that sparks some sort of interest and motivation for retailers and buyers to actively go out and find these designers, regardless of where they're located."
With sustainable fashion now trendy in the broader fashion world, Paul hopes Indigenous techniques and knowledge can be recognized for their value. She points to the inspiring work of Janelle Wawia, a self-taught artist from northwestern Ontario who traps her own furs and leather.
"We know where the food goes — it goes into the community to feed community members, bones are used for tools and the fur is used for whatever is being made out of the clothing."
Ducharme says he's added 10 new pieces to a collection he revealed at Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week last summer, and will unveil his reimagined showcase in part to combat notions that designs are disposable from season-to-season.
The 25-year-old — whose designs are not geared specifically to men or women, but rather "genderless" wearers — says welcoming new ideas is key to fashion's future.
And he's got plenty to offer.
"My work is always going to be an ode to those ancestors who did everything that they could so that my generation and the generations to come after me would have a better tomorrow."
Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto starts Thursday and runs through Sunday.
———
Online: www.ifwtoronto.com
By Cassandra Szklarski, The Canadian Press
Tiffany Haddish learned to be herself after she suffered a hair disaster in an attempt to make "boys" like her.
The 38-year-old actress has revealed that she once went to great lengths to get the boys at school to notice her by getting her hair permed, but added that after the hairstyle went drastically wrong, she learned it was best to just be herself.
When asked what she'd tell her 15-year-old self, she said: "Just be who you are. All the girls in school had perms and stuff or they already had naturally silky hair, so I thought if I get a perm, and then I can get in the swimming pool and my hair will lay straight and then boys will like me and all that. But I was too goofy anyways."
But the 'Girls Trip' star wasn't prepared for how much the style backfired.
She added: "[Boys] still liked me anyways except for when all my hair had fallen out [from the perm], and I was like bald."
Since her horrific hair experience, Tiffany has learned that simply being female is enough to attract the opposite sex.
She said: "[Boys] gon' like you regardless. You are a girl!"
These days, the 'Keanu' star stays away from major hair changes, and instead lives by a healthy beauty mantra.
When asked what her mantra is, she told People magazine: "I love and approve of you and it doesn't matter what anybody else in the world thinks because you're beautiful to me."
Tiffany's comments come after she previously shared her style secrets, noting that she was shocked when learned her Alexander McQueen dress - which she famously wore to three events - cost her just over $4,000.
(SK Innovation)
SK Innovation's advertisement under the theme “Big picture of Innovation” has received positive feedback from viewers with a million views in the 10 days since its release, said the company Tuesday.The advertisement featuring Garip Ay, a Turkish marbling artist, was released on April 5. It reached its audience through several online media sources including SK Innovation's official blog and Facebook page. By Monday, the view count had reached 1.14 million.“I am glad to have worked with SK Innovation who is not only a leading figure in the industry for energy and chemicals in Korea but in the global market too,” said the artist quoted by the company.The company cited that the pre-ad production event that was held last month, as well as the trial performance before the ad's release had helped the company listen to consumers and led to the success.“The company's attempt to innovate working habits began from the ad making process and is now settling down as a new corporate culture,” said a company official.By Yim Ji-min (jiminy@heraldcorp.com)
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ashley Young admits his Manchester United future is uncertain.
Young turned down a lucrative move to Chinese Super League side Shandong in February to pledge his immediate future to Old Trafford.
Despite captaining United for the first time against Chelsea on Sunday, the win was only his sixth Premier League start of the campaign and he wants to play more regularly.
Young, 31, has another season left on his contract, plus the option of another year, and hinted he will look at his options again in the summer.
"There is always speculation, especially when there is a transfer window and you're not playing," he said.
(Photo: Matthew Peters)
"But I have always said that I want to play as much as possible. What the future holds, I'm not too sure."
Young was honoured to lead United out against Chelsea and says his focus is on trying to win the Europa League and qualify for the Champions League.
"I'm just concentrating on each game and when the manager calls on me, I will give 100 per cent and look to play as well as I can," he said.
"I'm looking to play as many games as I can between now and the end of the season. That's what I'm concentrating on now. That's the main focus for me and then we'll see what happens."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's Got Talent didn't get off to the best start tonight as a member of the show's production staff was caught up in the act.
Gymnastic act Acrocadabra's performance saw dancers show off their skills while performing magic tricks.
One included a see-though box - but viewers were in hysterics when a shocked member of the production staff ended up being caught up in the act.
The man looked stunned as he was seen behind the box, before quickly ducking down and leaving the stage.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Fans flocked to Twitter to comment on the bizarre moment.
One tweeted: " Who was that man on stage ? #BGT"
While another commented: "Omg I'm not sure that man at the end was supposed to be there."
A third pointed out: "#bgt Monday: Technical Glitch Tuesday: Stage Invader Wednesday: Mysterious Man ."
"That bald man that wasn't supposed to be seen has made my night. His reaction was priceless! #BGT #BritainsGotTalent," another commented.
One exclaimed: "Did anyone else see the random bald man appear behind the glass box on that dance act on BGT??? He just froze and posed as if he wasn't there..."
Another called: "More from the sheepish bald man at the back please! #BGT."
*Britain's Got Talent returns tomorrow at 7.30pm on ITV
Dozens of accident and emergency units are facing closure or being downgraded in a far-reaching overhaul of urgent care which senior doctors warn would have “disastrous” consequences for the NHS.
An analysis of documents drawn up to remodel the health service in England shows that 24 casualty units from Durham to Somerset have been marked for potential closure despite record demand for A&Es and serious overcrowding across the country as the NHS goes through its most severe winter crisis since records began.
Last month produced the worst performance for A&E waits in 13 years.
Research based on 44 regional blueprints by the Johnston Press Investigation Unit reveals that managers are planning to cater for up to 30 per cent fewer A&E visits and plans have already been advanced to downgrade units to urgent care centres (UCC) with fewer specialist or consultant-grade staff.
A&E units at risk
Active plans for closure or downgrade
:: Alexandra Hospital, Redditch
:: Dewsbury and District Hospital
:: Ealing Hospital, west London
:: King George Hospital, east London
:: Poole Hospital, Dorset
:: City Hospital, Birmingham *
:: Sandwell District General Hospital *
* Replaced by unit at new Midland Metropolitan Hospital in 2018
Facing closure or downgrade in STP documents (no firm proposal yet made) **
:: George Eliot Hospital, Nuneaton, Warwickshire
:: Queens Hospital, Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire
:: Broomfield Hospital, Chelmsford, Essex
:: Southend University Hospital, Essex
:: County Hospital, Stafford
:: Horton General Hospital, Oxfordshire
:: Milton Keynes University Hospital, Buckinghamshire
:: Bedford Hospital, Bedfordshire
:: Epsom Hospital, Surrey
:: St Helier Hospital, Surrey
:: Kingston Hospital, west London
:: Royal Shrewsbury Hospital, Shrewsbury
:: Princess Royal Hospital, Shropshire
:: Huddersfield Royal Infirmary, West Yorkshire
:: Darlington Memorial, Durham
:: University Hospital of North Tees, Stockton-on-Tees
:: Macclesfield General Hospital, Cheshire
:: Scarborough General Hospital, North Yorkshire
:: Southport District General Hospital, Merseyside
:: Charing Cross Hospital, west London
:: Chorley and South Ribble Hospital, Lancashire
:: Grantham Hospital, Lincolnshire
:: Warrington Hospital, Cheshire
:: Weston General Hospital, Somerset
:: Tameside General Hospital, Greater Manchester
:: Fairfield General Hospital, Bury, Greater Manchester
** According to STPs in several areas, neighbouring units will go “head to head” to decide which should remain a full A&E and which will face closure or downgrade.
More on the NHS Crisis:
See the full list of the 24 A&E units marked for closure.
See the full list of the 19 hospitals facing closure.
See the great nhs gamble what we have investigated and why.
Trivial matter?
The average user has around 26 to 55 applications downloaded to his smartphone device. Most likely, you have entertainment and gaming apps, a banking app, a few social media apps, fitness apps, and eCommerce apps to shop at your favorite stores.
While you probably don't care if an app like TriviaCrack gets hacked, a lot of your apps have information that you wouldn't want anyone else to access; your location, credit and debit card information, and photos.
As a user, there are actions you can take to make sure your apps are secure; from a development standpoint, you must consider certain protocols to ensure that the application's code doesn't get hacked. Keval Baxi, CEO of Codal walks through ways to shore up your apps.
The crew of the Coast Guard Cutter John McCormick takes a group photo while transiting the Panama Canal Feb. 12, 2016.
The cutter John McCormick will be the first Fast Response Cutter to be commissioned in Alaska.
Photo by Petty Officer 3rd Class Charles Lescinsky.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.12.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:14 Photo ID: 3165379 VIRIN: 170212-G-KZ985-637 Resolution: 5532x3688 Size: 4.26 MB Location: PA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Crew of Coast Guard Cutter John McCormick in the Panama Canal [Image 1 of 2], by PO1 Jon-Paul Rios, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Terrified students run down a flight of stairs as a gunman takes aim from below. As the shooter picks off his victims, a counter tallies the number of civilians and cops killed. This is the disturbing scene depicted in screenshots from Active Shooter, a first-person school shooting video game set to debut next week. But condemnation of the game from Parkland students and parents fueled national outrage that led the platform set to release the game to announce its cancellation Tuesday.
"I have seen and heard many horrific things over the past few months since my daughter was the victim of a school shooting and is now dead in real life," Fred Guttenberg wrote in a series of tweets posted to Twitter. "This game may be one of the worst. This company should face the wrath of everyone who cares about school and public safety and it should start immediately." Guttenberg, whose 14-year-old daughter, Jaime, was killed in the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, urged his followers not to buy the game and to contact the distributor set to release the game about their complaints.
Developed by a Russian game developer known as ACID, Active Shooter enabled users to play as either an armed gunman trolling school hallway or a SWAT team officer sent in to capture the shooter. The game was set to launch on Steam, a digital distribution platform run by Valve Corporation, on June 6. According to the New York Times, ACID had planned to sell the game on Steam at a price point somewhere between $5 and $10. But mounting outrage over the game led Valve to announce Tuesday that it had decided to remove both the game and the game's developer from its platform.
"We have removed the developer Revived Games and publisher ACID from Steam," Valve spokesperson Doug Lombardi said in a statement to USA Today. Lombardi claimed Revived Games and ACID were accounts created by "a person calling himself Ata Berdiyev," a user who had previously been removed from the site under other names.
"Ata is a troll, with a history of customer abuse, publishing copyrighted material, and user review manipulation," Lombardi told USA Today. "His subsequent return under new business names was a fact that came to light as we investigated the controversy around his upcoming title. We are not going to do business with people who act like this towards our customers or Valve."
According to the Times, a description of Active Shooter — which was recently removed from Steam — celebrated players' ability to play both the "good guy" and the "bad guy" in one game. The description urged players to "pick your role, gear up and fight or destroy!" According to the game's description, players can choose to be either "the actual shooter" or "an elite S.W.A.T. member." In a blog post on Steam, ACID denied claims the game promoted violence or mass shootings.
But Guttenberg wasn't the only person affected by the Parkland shooting to voice their disapproval of the game. "It's disgusting that Valve Corp. is trying to profit from the glamorization of tragedies affecting our schools across the country," Parkland parent Ryan Petty, whose 14-year-old daughter Alaina was killed in the Feb. 14 shooting, wrote in a statement posted to Facebook. "Keeping our kids safe is a real issue affecting our communities and is in no way a 'game.'"
Parkland students were also outraged over the game. "THIS IS DISGUSTING," Parkland student and gun violence activist Jaclyn Corin tweeted. "Valve Corporation of Bellevue is launching a video game on June 6th that's a school shooting simulator. Everyone that cares about school & public safety should be OUTRAGED." She went on to urge her followers to sign a petition calling for the game's release to be cancelled.
White retweeting Corin, fellow Parkland student and outspoken gun control activist Emma González called on Valve to "shut down" the game "immediately."
Nearly 200,000 people signed a Change.org petition asking Valve not to launch Active Shooter.
Small landholdings and uncertain monsoon rain make India one of the world's most expensive places to farm. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: As monsoon rains move across India—usually a boom time for the agriculture sector—farmers have left their land and taken to the streets amid growing anger over falling food prices and high debts.
With protests spreading around the country, the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is under pressure to provide more incentives. A drop in food prices spurred deadly clashes last week, while India's food inflation fell into negative territory, dropping 1.05% from a 0.61% rise in April, data on Monday showed.
Farmers are a powerful voting bloc, and the government already faces criticism for not making significant progress towards its promise of doubling farmers' income by 2022 and ensuring a 50% profit over the cost of production of crops.
“There will be tremendous pressure on the Modi government from farmers and young people looking for employment,” said political scientist and pro-vice chancellor of Bengaluru's Jain University, Sandeep Shastri. “These are the two biggest challenges the government will face in the coming years—in both these areas very little has been done in concrete terms.”
Protests widen
About two-thirds of the country's agricultural debt of Rs9.5 trillion is in states where a debt waiver has been announced or promised or in states that will go to the polls in the next two years, Nomura Holdings Inc. analysts Adarsh Parasrampuria and Amit Nanavati said in a June 13 note. “Increasing expectation of a debt waiver could possibly lead to worsening of debt servicing in states where debt waiver package has not been announced.”
Finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Monday states will have to generate their own resources for the loan waiver.
Keeping a key election promise, the newly-formed state government in Uttar Pradesh decided to waive farm loans worth Rs363.59 billion ($5.6 billion) for more than 21.5 million farmers at its first cabinet meeting in April.
Following the Uttar Pradesh announcement, Maharashtra on Sunday decided to waive crop loans worth about Rs300 billion taken by small and medium farmers. This may prompt other state governments to bail out loans to appease farmers throughout the country.
Farmers in Uttar Pradesh and Haryana protested while others in Madhya Pradesh continued to demand loan waivers and higher crop prices. Demonstrators last week blocked roads and vandalized property in the state ruled by Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party after five farmers were killed when police fired on protests.
“The whole question of loan waiver and higher prices are soft measures. What is needed is a very clear, comprehensive policy which addresses the long term concerns of the viability of agriculture,” Shastri said. “States will be also under pressure to waive loans,” especially in those states where elections are due in next two years.
While high levels of household debts have been recognized as a significant cause of farmers' distress, the use of unconditional debt relief is controversial. India's central bank governor, Urjit Patel, called for governments to reject loan bailout programs, saying in April that “waivers engender moral hazard.” About 800 million of India's 1.3 billion people count on agriculture for a living, while 52% of farming households are indebted.
Farmers from across the country, including the states of Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan and Uttarakhand, will join the 15 June protest in Delhi to demand a federal investigation into the shootings in Madhya Pradesh, said Bharatiya Kisan Union. They will also demand higher crop prices and loan waiver, said the group's senior leader Dharmendra Malik.
“The government was just reminded about their promise and they replied with bullets,” Malik said. “We were assured of 50% profit over cost and we want that.”
Record crops
Bumper harvests helped by normal rain last year after back-to-back droughts pushed down prices of some crops including oilseeds and pulses. This, combined with a lack of government-assured purchases, prompted farmers to agitate.
Small landholdings and uncertain monsoonal rain make India one of the world's most expensive places to farm, while the country's rural economy provides few other job opportunities. Rising costs of fertilizers and seeds, along with the lack of an assured market for farmers' produce, add to their burden.
“They are all angry,” said P. Chengal Reddy, chief adviser to the Consortium of Indian Farmers Associations. “If the prime minister doesn't do anything the country will go into flames. The government's policy to control food inflation curbs incomes of farmers. This is wrong.”
In the last three years the government has increased its budget allocation for agriculture, launched a program such as a health card to test soil quality, revamped crop-insurance with a low-cost premium and created a digital platform to connect farmers directly to customers. It's also emphasized low-cost organic farming and taken some steps to make country self-reliant in pulses and oilseeds.
The minimum price of rice set by the government for the 2016-17 crop was 6.7% more than the production cost, according to the farm ministry. The government-set price of wheat was 35% more than its production cost. In its election manifesto the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party had promised cost plus 50% return.
Falling prices
Prices of soybean, mustard and peanuts have dropped to a five-year low after output rebounded in 2016-17 on normal rains. Wholesale prices of food grains including rice, wheat and pulses fell for four straight months through March and were about 10% lower compared with November, according to government data.
“Loan waiver is not a solution to bailout farmers—they need local value addition and assured market for their produce at their doorstep,” said Kishor Tiwari, head of Vidarbha Jan Aandolan Samiti, a Maharashtra-based farmers' lobby group. “After waivers the government won't have money to spend on other development projects. ” Bloomberg
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A stag do reveller on his way home from Las Vegas has been slapped with a fine after urinating on a plane seat.
Shane O'Grady hurled verbal abuse at cabin crew after they refused to serve him more alcohol on the Virgin Atlantic flight.
They were forced to turn the 'seatbelts on' sign before the 30-year-old man wet himself on the long-haul journey to Gatwick Airport.
The Irishman was fined for being drunk on board an aircraft after he appeared before magistrates today.
O'Grady was convicted following the incident on the inbound Virgin Atlantic Boeing 747, last Thursday.
(Image: Facebook)
The signwriter, of no fixed address, was arrested and remanded in custody to appear at Crawley Magistrates' Court after the plane safely landed.
O'Grady was reported to police by staff on board the flight and was escorted off his seat before other passengers disembarked.
He pleaded guilty and was fined £1,000, and ordered to pay £85 costs and a £100 victim surcharge.
A spokesman for Sussex Police said: "The 30-year-old Irish national was described as being persistently disruptive throughout the journey, and using loud and foul language.
"After being refused more alcohol, he began to harass and intimidate staff, and was verbally abusive.
"In an attempt to calm the situation, the flight crew placed the seatbelt signs on, but insisted passengers could still use the bathroom with caution.
"O'Grady demanded the signs were removed and the crew obliged in an attempt to defuse the situation further, but despite this he urinated in his seat.
(Image: PA)
"As a duty of care, staff provided him with a sleep suit – usually kept for First Class passengers – to change into as a result of his actions."
Sergeant Darren Taylor, of the Gatwick Prevention Team, said: “Gatwick is a very family-orientated airport, and we work hard with our partners to ensure the millions of passengers who pass through every year have a safe and enjoyable experience.
“We engage with passengers at the earliest opportunity – through patrols, face to face contact and the distribution of posters and leaflets – to make them fully aware of the rules and their own responsibility.
“But while the vast majority are well-behaved, there are always a few individuals who overstep the mark. Those who ignore our advice will be dealt with robustly, as is highlighted by this case.”
A Virgin Atlantic spokesman said: “The safety and wellbeing of our customers and crew is our top priority, and we won't tolerate any behaviour that compromises this.
"We always want our customers to have the best experience when they fly with us, and our cabin crew are highly trained to deal with any individuals that may impact that experience for others.
"We treat all incidents of disruptive behaviour seriously, and we'll continue to work with authorities to report incidents onboard.”
It happened just three days after Sussex Police and Gatwick Airport launched their summer crackdown on disruptive passengers.
As sure as the Earth sweeps through its orbit around the sun, the changing of a calendar year is a time to reflect about what's happened and ponder what's to come. Last year I made a list of things I wanted to see from the Mac in 2016; the results were fair to middling.
Truth be told, 2016 was a rough year for Mac watchers. There were new MacBook Pros and a slightly updated MacBook, and of course OS X became macOS, but there were no new Mac desktops for the first time in a long time.
Keeping in mind that these lists are always a mixture of informed guessing and sheer wishcasting, here's a list of some of the things I hope we see from the Mac in 2017.
Mac Pro: Wanted, dead or alive
The all-new Mac Pro was unveiled in 2013, a groundbreaking new design with a near-silent fan and loads of CPU and GPU power. Phil Schiller boasted about Apple's Mac innovation. It was an interesting, if controversial, approach to a high-end computer.
And then: nothing. For three years, the Mac Pro has sat on Apple's price lists with no price or specification changes to speak of. At some point, it becomes embarrassing to even attempt to sell such an out-of-date product at the full price set in 2013.
You could argue that Apple crossed the line into embarrassment in 2015, but it's certainly reached that point now. This needs to end, one way or another. Either it's time for the Mac Pro to be discontinued and shown the door, or it's time for Apple to update it–either by keeping the existing design but with the latest Intel hardware, or by tossing the “trash can Mac” into the trash and doing something new.
Which will happen? It depends on which tea leaves you read, apparently. I'm inclined to be optimistic: If Apple truly wanted to kill the Mac Pro, wouldn't it be dead already? The lingering suggests to me that Apple really is working on a replacement, and delays have left the company in this embarrassing position. Also, I think there's a place in the Mac product line for a Mac that can fulfill needs that an iMac simply can't match. I'm pretty satisfied with my 2014 5K iMac (which, last time I checked, was still faster than the lowest-end Mac Pro models), but there are some people who really want lots of processor cores and workstation performance. It would sure be great if Apple could please them–but at this point even admitting they won't ever be satisfied would be an act of mercy.
The Mac mini, dead or alive
Speaking of Macs that need a final disposition: What's up with the Mac mini? It's been the most neglected Mac in terms of updates for a long time, but it seems like it's past time for one. The Mac mini is never going to be a huge hit, but it's a useful product for schools, as a server, attached to TV sets, and all sorts of other wacky places. I've had a Mac mini running in my house for more than a decade now. I'd like the little guy to survive.
Or maybe Apple should solve both of these issues with a single new product: a desktop Mac without a display that can be outfitted with processors from the mid-range to the high end, something that's more like a Mac mini at its base price but more like a Mac Pro at the high end. Unreasonable? Probably. Unlikely? Certainly. But if it happens, I'm going to point at this paragraph and nod like I knew it all along.
Roman Loyola Second port, please.
Next-generation MacBook
This was on my list last year, and I'm bringing it back until I get satisfaction: I'd like to see Apple take a second crack at the MacBook, two years after introducing it. Adding support for Thunderbolt 3 would be swell, and adding a second USB-C or Thunderbolt 3 port would be even better.
While Apple's at it, how about some more color in the Mac line? The MacBook–already available in gold, rose gold, space gray, and silver–seems like the best place to start. I'd like a metallic blue MacBook, myself.
Bite the bullet and eliminate the spinning disc
Another item I'm replaying from my 2016 wish list: Apple needs to clear spinning-disc hard drives out of the iMac line. I know that flash storage is expensive and the drives are small–that's why I consider the Fusion Drive an acceptable transitional form. But it's absolutely criminal that the base-model 4K iMac is still sold with a spinning disc rather than a Fusion Drive. The Mac experience is vastly improved with fast storage; those slow spinning drives in the low-end iMacs don't cut it.
iMac revisions–and Touch ID
After major revisions in the falls of 2014 and 2015, Apple's iMac line went untouched in 2016. That needs to change in 2017. As with all Macs in 2017, I'd expect these new iMacs to feature USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 ports rather than traditional USB and Thunderbolt ports. (It's possible that Apple will also offer some older ports for transitional purposes, but I wouldn't count on it! A clean break seems far more likely.)
Now that Apple has introduced the Touch Bar and Touch ID on the MacBook Pro, it's hard to imagine one or both of those features coming to the iMac. Touch ID is a natural. I'm not sure if Apple would release a new external keyboard with an onboard Touch ID sensor, or integrate Touch ID into the iMac hardware itself–touch the Apple logo to identify yourself?–but once you've unlocked 1Password for Mac with a fingerprint, you really don't want to go back.
My dream would be a Magic Keyboard, or equivalent, with both a Touch Bar and a Touch ID sensor. But would the ergonomics of the Touch Bar work when your computer's display isn't right above your keyboard like it is on a laptop? And would the battery life be remotely decent? And would Apple foist the new MacBook Pro keyboard design on all of us and kill the existing (and quite nice) Magic Keyboard design? All good questions that I hope 2017 will answer, one way or another.
Adam Patrick Murray I don't know if the Touch Bar would be as good on an external keyboard, but let's see.
A macOS that knows about networks and batteries
Most of the new features in macOS the past few years have taken their inspiration from iOS. So let's continue down that line with a new version of macOS that is much smarter than its predecessors when it comes to networking and battery use.
On iOS, the operating system and apps are able to vary their behavior based on network status. If you're on Wi-Fi, a podcast app might download a bunch of episodes, but it might refrain if you're on a metered cellular connection. This awareness is incredibly useful for cellular connections with bandwidth caps.
But guess what happens when you're on a Mac and you tether to an iPhone or a mobile hotspot? The Mac will suck as much data as possible, because it has no awareness of what kind of network it's on. The iPhone, becaue it was designed for mixed networking, doesn't do this (except when there are bugs, of course). You can also use the Settings app to bar apps from using cellular networking entirely. Users have a lot of power and control over how their apps behave.
It's time for Apple to bring that understanding to the Mac. We tether our laptops to cellular connections all the time these days. (Especially since there are no cellular-capable Macs–presumably because macOS has been unable to behave responsibly on those networks.)
While we're at it, how about adding a Low Power Mode in the style of iOS to macOS? Low Power Mode would be a signal to the operating system and various apps that the user is trying to eke out as much run time as possible with whatever battery life is left.
Feature parity with Messages for iOS
Stickers and effects and all the other fun stuff in Messages for iOS 10 can be seen, but not sent, by macOS. 2017 is the time for that to change. (And while we're at it, Apple, can we get a major update to the emoji picker for macOS? Yours is still not great.)
A new generation of user automation
In 2016 we learned that Mac automating product manager Sal Soghoian was laid off from Apple and his team scattered. It's a sad situation, but I'm going to (again) try to be optimistic and hope that Apple has a new approach to user automation on the horizon.
There are plenty of languages out there on which to build an entire new scripting framework. JavaScript seems to make a lot of sense, and Apple already built one approach that uses it, but maybe Swift is the one that would have the most political benefit inside Apple? I don't really care, so long as someone at Apple is pointing at the Mac and suggesting that it's worth automating tasks and letting users wire different apps together in interesting ways.
Alas, I don't think I can call this one a prediction, more like wishful thinking. Apple hasn't shown a whole lot of interest in making its own apps scriptable, let alone building a whole new generation of automation support inside macOS. iOS automation happens largely in spite of Apple, rather than being enabled by it. I don't think it's likely that this will change in 2017, but you've got to have hope.
1 'The Party'
Whatever Patricia Clarkson's dishing, we're devouring. Here, she joins Kristin Scott Thomas, Emily Mortimer, Cillian Murphy, and others for a dinner party from hell. Sally Potter's first film since Ginger & Rosa, this one promises to be a satirical tragicomedy served on a stick. Put us down plus one.
Look for it: February 16
Gareth Southgate did not sugar-coat things in the dressing room following a defeat to France that highlighted just how quickly England's players need to learn.
Tuesday's match was never going to be as embarrassing as their last clash on French soil given the Three Lions bowed out of Euro 2016 to Iceland at the last-16 juncture.
There was, though, an all-too familiar helplessness about aspects of their second-half display as France's young, dynamic side flourished in Paris.
It would likely have been worse than a 3-2 loss was it not for Raphael Varane's video-assisted sending off at the start of the second half, with Southgate's frustration at many aspects of the performance palpable.
“There was no point raising my voice but equally you can't sugar-coat what happened in that final 30 minutes, in particular,” he said, having seen Harry Kane score from the penalty spot to make it 2-2 just after half-time.
“I don't think it does any harm. I think they know, they are a very honest group of players.
“They are fully committed, I can't question what they've given. We've just got to learn quickly how to manage games in situations like that.”
England fell short in France despite going to their “absolute limit” – a gap to the elite that does not surprise Southgate after March's narrow 1-0 loss in Germany and November's 2-2 home draw with Spain.
“The only way you can understand what the gap is is by playing against those three teams,” Southgate said.
“If we'd played lesser teams and won, maybe we'd all be getting excited and thinking that we're better than we are. The reality is, find out exactly where you are against the very best. We've had two matches away and one at home, and for long periods we've equipped ourselves well.
“But we've a bit do and I think it's important that as a group of players and a group of staff we recognise that, added Southgate, who will go to the Under-21 European Championship, which start Friday, and Confederations Cup this summer.
England faces a different test when they return to action in September, with the World Cup qualifier in Malta, ranked 182nd in the world, followed by Slovakia, the side second in Group F, coming to Wembley.
ENTERTAINMENT
A fan takes a photo of herself at the Meditation Garden where Elvis Presley is buried alongside his parents and grandmother at his Graceland mansion on Saturday in Memphis, Tennessee. (AFP-Yonhap)
In this 1973 file photo, Elvis Presley sings during a concert. (AP-Yonhap)
MEMPHIS (AFP) - Elvis Presley, American icon and King of rock ‘n' roll, transformed popular culture, sold over a billion records and is idolized as ever on the 40th anniversary of his tragic death.His Graceland mansion in Memphis, Tennessee -- the second most famous home in the United States after the White House -- expects more than 50,000 people to descend for the biggest ever annual celebration of his life 40 years after his death aged 42 on Aug. 16, 1977.Presley is considered the best selling artist of all time, shifting an estimated billion records. In 2016, Forbes ranked him fourth highest earning dead celebrity at $27 million, still moving a million albums.“He is the only person of modern times who is instantly recognizable throughout the world by his first name,” said British author and artist Ted Harrison, who has written two books about Presley.“Say ‘Elvis' in Beijing, Nicaragua, Estonia or Fiji and you get an immediate recognition across language and culture,” he told AFP.His unique voice and style blended R&B, blues, country, gospel and black music, challenging social and racial barriers at the time, and earning him the nickname “Elvis the Pelvis” for his gyrating moves.Oozing style, charisma and naked sex appeal, he was the fantasy of millions of women and inspired everyone who came after him, from The Beatles to The Rolling Stones to today‘s chart-topper Bruno Mars.“Hearing him for the first time was like busting out of jail,” Bob Dylan has said.In the late 1960s, the composer and conductor Leonard Bernstein called him “the greatest cultural force in the 20th century.”Hits such as “Heartbreak Hotel,” “Hound Dog,” “Jailhouse Rock” and “Are You Lonesome Tonight” are instantly recognizable. His music has been reissued and repackaged countless times since his death.More than 20 million people have visited Graceland, his home for 20 years, after Priscilla, his ex-wife and mother of his only child Lisa Marie, opened it to the public in 1982.The estate says it pulls in 600,000 visitors a year and contributes around $150 million a year to the Memphis economy. Neither is it showing any sign of slowing down.In March, it opened a brand-new $45 million entertainment complex and hotel spread across 40 acres.Die-hard fans are often moved to tears at his gravesite at Graceland, where he is interred next to his beloved parents, Gladys and Vernon, and grandmother Minnie Mae, covered in flowers, tributes and mementos.“It gives you that fire,” said Stephanie Harris, 42, from Michigan who sells life insurance. “His music is transcendent to our generation because there's nothing like the ‘Hound Dog' baby.”In downtown Memphis, home of the blues, you can buy everything Elvis -- from Christmas tree decorations to luggage. Cardboard Elvis cutouts greet you outside bars and his music blares out of loudspeakers.“He‘s the celebrity of all celebrities,” said Lisa Bseiso, 36, who set up The Official Elvis Presley Fan Club of Qatar, the Middle Eastern kingdom where she was born and raised.“Forty years after his death, that's why he‘s a phenomenon. He's still as powerful, as loving.”Born to a truck driver father and sewing-machine operator in a two-room house in Tupelo, Mississippi, on Jan. 8, 1935, Presley grew up an only child after his brother was stillborn.In 1948, he and his parents moved to Memphis, he graduated from high school, cut his first record aged 19 and became an almost instant star.As an early rebel whose hip-swiveling, pulsating leg-tapping had conservatives up in arms, his music also crossed the racial divide in a South where the specter of segregation still loomed large.“Far more worrying to many white Americans was the way he took African-American music and presented it mainstream,” says Harrison.Then came a two-year stint in the US Army during the Cold War, he was shipped off to West Germany, promoted to sergeant and after leaving the military turned into a respectable family entertainer.But if he embodied the American dream -- the poor boy made good who doted on his parents and liked to buy Cadillacs for strangers off the street on a whim -- he also personified American excess.He became a total recluse, abusing a dizzying array of prescription pills, overate, becoming a bloated shadow of his once lithe self in declining health and plagued by poor management.His last live performance was on June 25, 1977, in Indianapolis and on Aug. 16, 1977, the day before his next scheduled concert, he was found dead in his bathroom.
James Hook cracked 78 on his Market Deeping debut as the club's second team opened their South Lincs Premier Division campaign with a high-scoring 78-run win over Freiston at Outgang Road )April 15).
Jamie Morgan top scored with 80 in Deeping's 296-5. Hook transferred from Spalding in the close season.
Carl Wilson struck an unbeaten half century for Bourne against Peterborough Town.
Peterborough Town secured a thrilling one-run win in their friendly at Leicesterhire Premier Division champions Kibworth. Openers Asim Butt (68) and David Clarke (56) added 106 for the first wicket in Town's 50-over total of 249-7. Lewis Bruce (3-27) returned Town's best bowling figures.
But Town were well beaten by six wickets the following day (April 16) at neighbours Bourne. Chris Milner (52) and Clarke (48) top scored in Town's 188, but Sam Evison (73) and Carl Wilson (55no) did better in Bourne's reply.
Brandon Phillips struck his maiden March Town ton in a three-run friendly defeat to Downham, while Aussie Clinton Bricker made a promising debut.
Cambs open their Unicorns Trophy one-day campaign against Northumberland on Sunday (April 23) and they warmed up with a 92-run friendly win over Hunts at Ramsey.
Ketton and Castor hope to play an annual pre-season fixture for the Henson/Dellar Memorial Trophy to recognise the contributions of Castor stalwarts Steve Henson and Bruce Dellar.
Ketton won the first edition at Pit Lane by six wickets which featured strong all-round contributions from Shakaar Mahmood (Ketton) and Mark Wheat (Castor).
RESULTS
South Lincs League
Premier Division
Market Deeping 2nds 296-5 (J. Morgan 80, J. Hook 78) beat Freiston 218 (Moeed 112no) by 78 runs.
Friendlies
Cambs 250-6 (P. Summerskill 57no, J. Williams 55no, C. Lewis 40, Z. Manzoor 34, H. Craig 2-37, J. Dawborn 2-59) beat Hunts 158 (M. Cafferkey 39, D. Sayer 32no, J. Dawborn 31, Chandrakar 3-31, J. Arksey 3-47) by 92 runs.
Peterborough Town 249-7 (A. Butt 68, D. Clarke 56, K. Judd 28, L. Bruce 21) beat Kibworth 248-7 (L. Bruce 3-27) by 1 run.
Downham 264-6 (S. Clarke 3-49) beat March 261-4 (B. Phillips 103, N. Oliver 72, C. Bricker 32no) by 3 runs.
Ketton 107-4 (S. Mahmood 28, M. Wheat 3-37), beat Castor 102 (J. Tadman 31, M. Wheat 30, S. Mahmood 3-12, I. Saxena 2-23, W. Compton 2-26) by 6 wkts.
Bourne 190-4 (S. Evison 73, C. Wilson 55no, D. Greenfield 23, C. Parnell 2-61) beat Peterborough Town 188 (C. Milner 52, D. Clarke 48, J. Keywood 3-34, C. Cheer 3-40, B. Stroud 2-17, S. Evison 2-28).
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Here's a 21st century conundrum that probably hasn't happened many times in the past – if you're carrying the breast cancer-causing BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene mutations , when and how do you tell your daughter she may have inherited it from you?
And if she has, what the consequences may be?
And what do you do if your daughter opts to be tested for the genes? And tells you if she carries one of the genes she'd have a double mastectomy?
Quite a dilemma!
When do you share information with children who may inherit a genetic risk from you?
Children aren't routinely tested for BRCA mutations , for several reasons.
They often lack the maturity to cope with the implications of genetic risk. Why should they be burdened with the knowledge until they're old enough to participate in the decision to be tested or not?
Many experts say 25 is that age. “Whether to tell children and when and how to tell them is one of the most common reasons people seek support in the process of genetic testing,” said Karen Hurley, a clinical psychologist specialising in hereditary cancer risk.
(Image: Philip Coburn/Daily Mirror)
On the other hand, early disclosure gives them time to develop coping strategies and resilience if they test positive as adults.
Dr Ruth Oratz, a medical oncologist and breast cancer specialist at NYU, doesn't agree. She worries that parents who tell their children about a potential genetic risk don't alleviate anxiety – they hamper their teenager's ability to live freely.
She said: “Every time someone touches her breast or every time she takes her bra off, you think she's not thinking about it?”
Dr Jill Stoller, a paediatrician in New Jersey who carries a BRCA mutation, decided to tell her daughter Jenna at the age of 13 about why she was having breast surgery.
Then at 18, her daughter asked to be tested and learned that she also had the mutation. Her daughter told her the stress of not knowing was worse than knowing.
Many women feel guilty about passing on a harmful gene to a child when their instinct is to protect them.
What should a mother do then?
Talk first to a genetic counsellor or therapist. Try not to be anxious. That will only make your daughter anxious.
Let your child's age, personality and maturity be your guide. Be straight-forward and honest, and keep an open-door policy about questions.
And most important of all, share your feelings.
THE Sunshine Coast Public Health Unit has confirmed a case of measles in a person on the Sunshine Coast.
The person is believed to have visited the following locations while unknowingly infectious:
Monday June 25, between 9am and 3pm - the Sippy Downs campus of USC
• Thursday June 28, between 8.30am and 10am - the Maroochydore Medical Centre in Horton Parade Maroochydore, including the QML Collection Centre
• Friday June 29, between 10.30and 11.30am - the Maroochydore Medical Centre in Horton Parade Maroochydore
• Sunday July 1, between 7.40pm and 8.15pm - the Department of Emergency Medicine at Sunshine Coast University Hospital.
Public Health Physician Dr Margaret Young said the SCPHU was working with the health care facilities and venues where the person had visited, and urged anyone who was in those areas around the same time to ensure they are immune to measles.
"Measles is one of the most infectious of all communicable diseases and is spread by tiny droplets through coughing and sneezing," Dr Young said.
"Symptoms usually start around 10 days after contact, but can occur between seven and 18 days after contact with an infectious person.
"Vaccinations are recommended for anyone born during or since 1966, who has not had two documented doses of measles, mumps, rubella (MMR) vaccine or had a proven case of measles."
The MMR vaccine is funded and anyone requiring vaccination should arrange this through their family GP.
Dr Young said anyone who develops measles-like symptoms within the next three weeks should stay home and contact their doctor for advice.
"The initial symptoms of measles include fever, lethargy, runny nose, moist cough and sore and red eyes. This is followed a few days later by a blotchy, red rash," Dr Young said.
"The rash often starts on the face then becomes widespread over the body.
"If you do need to seek treatment, it is important to call the medical practice first to say you could have measles, so that staff can take precautions to avoid spreading the disease further to others."
Ayda Field bought husband Robbie Williams a "weed farm" for their LA home, according to Big Narstie.
The 38-year-old actress reportedly splashed the cash on the drug, which is legal in the state of California, for their wedding anniversary so Robbie - with whom she has daughter Teddy, five, and son Charlton, three - can smoke the substance freely within their mansion, according to rapper Big Narstie, who claims to have seen the farm whilst visiting their home last year.
Narstie - who was at the mansion to work on his 2017 collaboration with Robbie, 'Go Mental' - told The Sun newspaper: "It was all very surreal. He phoned my booking agent and said, 'Robbie wants to do a tune'. We recorded together. He wasn't what I expected.
"He's very cool. He's very down to earth and a humble person, and he's got a good wife. I saw the present she got him for their anniversary. She got him a whole weed farm in their basement in LA. That's how you drive. It's legal innit? It's legal."
The 32-year-old rapper's revelation comes after former Take That star Robbie recently admitted he had "smoked a spliff" whilst in Queen Elizabeth's residence at Buckingham Palace, where he performed in 2012 for the monarch's Diamond Jubilee Concert.
He said in February this year: "Threw up in Buckingham Palace? No. I smoked a spliff in Buckingham Palace."
The 'Angels' hitmaker has been open about his relationship with the drug in the past, and despite having been to rehab twice, he admitted in 2013 that he still uses the substance recreationally.
He said: "The last time I got high was two days ago. No big drug sessions, mind, just a small amount, purely to relax."
Robbie has also previously been addicted to alcohol and other drugs such as cocaine and heroin, but admitted that since the birth of his children, he has put his partying ways behind him.
He said: "I don't want to drink and I don't want to take coke, I'm really pleased I don't take coke but I do think about ecstasy."
Christie Is The Least Popular Governor In New Jersey History
A new Quinnipiac poll finds Gov. Chris Christie (R) now has the lowest approval rating of any New Jersey governor in recorded history, 15% to 81%.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Urgent action is needed to ban pensions cold calls to prevent people from being conned out of their life savings, according to a committee of MPs.
The Work and Pensions Select Committee also said people should be given guidance as a default option before they access their pension pot, unless they expressly opt out.
It said it welcomed a commitment made by the Government to banning pensions cold calling, but said it should now take "urgent legislative action", through the Financial Guidance and Claims Bill.
Under the committee's proposals, an enforceable ban should be introduced by June 2018 at the latest.
A clause in the Bill would enable a ban on pensions cold calls, but it is flawed because it ties the ban to a new financial guidance body being set up, the committee said, which could delay the ban until 2020.
The committee said: "It is much more urgent than that. We recommend a new clause which would require the Government to introduce a ban by June 2018 at the latest."
Committee chairman Frank Field said pensions are "rich pickings" for scammers offering over-the-top returns or seemingly clever advice.
He said: "Every day that passes without a ban, people are being avoidably conned out of their life savings.
"There is no need to overcomplicate this: our proposal would see an enforceable ban in place by summer, closing at least one door on rafts of scammers at a stroke."
Mr Field continued: "Making guidance the default option combined with the ban on cold calling would be a simple but big step forward in consumer protection in the era of pension freedoms.
"The Government should use the Bill that has just arrived in the Commons to legislate to protect pensions now."
The committee said the risks of being conned have been heightened since the 2015 pension freedoms, which give over-55s a wider range of choices over how they use their pension pot.
It said the combination of high financial value and low saver engagement has made pensions a scammer's "perfect storm", with the committee having heard examples of investments such as diamonds, overseas property developments, forestry and film.
The scale of scamming is likely to be grossly underestimated by official reports, the committee said, and the problem of people being pushed towards "completely legal but totally inappropriate" investments which fall short of fraud needs to be tackled.
A Treasury spokeswoman said: "We take the threat of pension scams very seriously and we're already protecting savers.
"We're bringing forward legislation to ban pensions cold calling, tightening HMRC (HM Revenue and Customs) rules to stop pensions scammers and fraudulent schemes, and preventing the transfer of money from occupational pension schemes into fraudulent ones."
Yvonne Braun, director of policy, long-term savings and protection, at the Association of British Insurers (ABI), said: "People's life-savings must not be left vulnerable to scammers and con artists.
"With mortgages already protected by a cold-calling ban it is high time pensions were given the same level of protection."
She said savers should seek "quality guidance" from Pension Wise and the Pensions Advisory Service, and advice from regulated financial advisers.
Tom Selby, a senior analyst at AJ Bell, said: "The committee is bang on the money when it comes to banning pensions cold calling.
"Introducing this vital preventative measure needs to be a priority for the Government - failing to do so leaves savers at increased risk of being conned by fraudsters."
Two people from Hampden County have come forward to claim prizes of $4 million and $1 million won on instant scratch tickets, according to the Massachusetts Lottery.
Robert Goff of Southwick hit on a $4 million prize in the lottery's "100X" instant game. He is the second person to claim in the top prize in the $10-scratch ticket game that was launched in June.
Steven Turgeon of Springfield won a $1 million prize as part of the lottery's "200X" instant game. That game, which costs $30 per ticket, was launched in April.
Goff opted not to take the one-time payoff, according to lottery officials. Instead he will accept annual payments of $200,000 over 20 years. Minus state and federal taxes, that works out to an annual payment of $140,000, or $2.8 million.
He told lottery officials he plans to buy a house, a car and a motorcycle, but apparently did not indicate in which order.
Turgeon opted to take the one-time payment for his prize, which works out to $650,000 before taxes or $455,000 after taxes. He indicated to the lottery he will use much of the money to pay off his mortgage.
Goff's ticket was sold at the Pride Station and Store, 6 Westfield Street in Agawam. The store will receive a $40,000 bonus.
Turgeon purchased his at the Stop&Shop on Boston Road in Springfield. That store will receive a $10,000 bonus.
NRA Makes Rare Endorsement Of Regulations The NRA came out in support of regulating bump stocks, like those possessed by the Las Vegas shooter, as some Republican lawmakers warmed to the idea of a ban on the devices.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With the deadline looming on transfer deadline day, and with just one new signing at Rovers in January, we could have been headed for a famed 'Gas Meltdown'.
Even as the window slammed shut at 11pm on Wednesday evening, Rovers were still to complete any more business aside from the acquisition of Bernard Mensah.
Defender Rollin Menayese had left on loan for Swindon Town though, and all of a sudden Rovers' first team squad looked very bare.
Thankfully though, like a few other EFL sides, Rovers still had some transfer business to announce after the deadline had passed.
Some sides kept their fans up until the small hours, but Rovers named their two new faces first thing Thursday morning much to the relief of the fans.
As reported by the Post, Tony Craig was destined to be a Rovers player from as early as Monday, and with the news that Kyle Bennett was to join Rovers also being revealed by the media on Wednesday evening, Gasheads could sleep a little easier knowing some signings were on the way.
Rovers know exactly what they're going to get with the arrival of Craig. A vastly experienced defender revered by Millwall fans for guiding them to promotion last season and being a rock at the back.
Craig's benefit to Rovers may be felt even more keenly off the pitch than on it. The Gas have a bevy of promising and accomplished centre-backs. Tom Lockyer, Rollin Menayese and Tom Broadbent have all impressed at different times this season and look good bets to flourish at Rovers in years to come.
But Craig's influence of the pitch could be a huge help to a largely young Rovers squad. The 32-year-old is also studying for his coaching A licence and spoke eloquently of his desire to help nurture Rovers' young talents.
Meanwhile the arrival of Bennett is sure to lift Darrell Clarke's spirits after the Rovers boss revealed he's been chasing the player for a while.
The winger's time at Portsmouth didn't work out this season, but he was a key part of their League Two promotion campaigns last term and is unplayable on his day.
With both signings joining as free agents having been released by their clubs, Rovers also picked up two players without spending on a fee. This may have allowed them to extend further on wages, and convince two talented players to join - Craig had been offered a year extension to his Millwall contract.
However, with chairman Steve Hamer saying that Clarke would be given the money generated by the sale of Billy Bodin, the big question is where that money goes.
Was it put into a bid to trigger Otis Khan's release clause at Yeovil? The Gas had a bid accepted but the player chose to remain at Huish Park.
Or has Clarke chosen to keep his powder dry for the summer? Either way, we'll find out in the months ahead.
But the work during this transfer window hints a careful long term planning from Rovers. Craig could easily fulfil a coaching role in the future and Mensah (23) and Bennett (27) should both have their best years ahead of them.
While he won't admit it publicly, Clarke will surely have one eye on a late play-off push, and Bennett and Craig have the potential to add a little more solidity and flair to this Rovers side and could see them turn this good run into a play-off charge.
But even if that doesn't come to pass, they have still set themselves up nicely for next season.
Granddaughter of Sheikh Salem Al-Ali Al-Sabah, the most senior serving member of the ruling family in Kuwait, Sheikha Fatima unveiled Prismologie, a luxurious body care range in 2015, in partnership with her mother, Sheikha Intisar. “My inspiration has always been the strength and determination in women, no matter where they are from or what they do,” she reveals. “I am blessed to have been raised by a wonderful family, and to have been born to and raised by an inspirational and strong mother, who showed me from a very young age that being passionate and pursuing a dream is always possible.” In addition to Prismologie, Al Sabah has enjoyed a successful career in philanthropy. Her desire to promote the welfare of others led to her being appointed vice chairperson and executive director of Kuwait's first legally recognised and registered animal welfare society, the Kuwait Society for the Protection of Animals and Their Habitat.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman who ripped the baby from her neighbour's womb while she was still alive has been jailed for life.
Savanna Greywind, 22, was eight months pregnant when she went missing from her home.
Her parents and frantic boyfriend Ashton Matheny raised the alarm sparking a major police search.
Then a neighbour reported hearing a baby's cries coming from the home of 38-year-old Brooke Crews.
When officers arrived they found a newborn they suspected to be Savanna's child.
Crews initially claimed the child was her own.
Days later, the tragic victim's body was found wrapped in plastic and floating down a river in Fargo, North Dakota.
(Image: Ash Groove/Facebook)
(Image: Fargo Police Dept)
Crews eventually pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping, conspiracy to commit murder and lying to law officers.
She confessed to luring Savanna to her apartment and attacking her.
The baby, a girl named Haisley Jo by her father, was cut from her mother's womb while she slipped in and out of consciousness.
(Image: Fargo Police Dept)
Prosecutors have not disclosed Savanna's exact cause of death but police Chief Dave Todd called the killing a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Crews was jailed for life on Friday.
Before her sentencing she told a judge: "There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing."
Her boyfriend William Hoehn, 32, is also charged over the murder and will face trial at a later date.
(Image: Ash Groove/Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
He has told police he came home on August 19 last year to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom.
He said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family."
Hoehn has confessed he took rubbish bags containing bloody shoes and towels and disposed of them.
VANCOUVER — British Columbia's Liberals turned to a former cabinet minister to lead them Saturday night after their defeat last year, as Andrew Wilkinson appealed to his caucus colleagues to help him expand and broaden the party's membership.
Wilkinson, 60, said leadership candidates who pushed the party to widen its support should be listened to after losing its 16-year grip on power last year.
"Take those Liberal values, build the Liberal party," he said after defeating former Conservative MP Dianne Watts in a fifth round of vote counting.
He also began to galvanize the party to fight a referendum this fall on proportional representation, saying it would benefit the NDP and Greens who support changing the province's voting system.
"So let's get ourselves organized because we have work to do this summer," he said. "We have a challenge in front of us."
Prior to his political career, Wilkinson worked as a lawyer in Vancouver and before that he was a doctor in different parts of B.C., including Campbell River, Lillooet and Dease Lake.
The former Rhodes Scholar served in a number of cabinet positions, among them attorney general, minister of advanced education, and minister of technology and innovation.
He won with just over 53 per cent support after the final round of vote counting, while Watts had just under 47 per cent. Watts led the contest after four rounds of voting.
Former transportation minister Todd Stone, one-time finance minister Mike de Jong and Liberal caucus members Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee were eliminated earlier in the evening.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government last summer with support from the Greens.
N.C. State fans executed a master troll of Louisville during the No. 24 Wolfpack's 39-25 win over the Cardinals. Following a Louisville touchdown, the team's fans chanted “F-B-I” at the Cardinals repeatedly.
Check it out:
Obviously N.C. State fans are referring to the FBI investigation into Louisville's basketball team and Adidas, which led to the firing of basketball coach Rick Pitino and athletic director Tom Jurich.
It's a great troll, but N.C. State happens to be an Adidas school, so the school's fans might want to pump the breaks on pointing fingers for the moment.
I'm fairly certain Louisville is going to have to get used to chants like this happening throughout the season in basically every sport.
ENTERTAINMENT
Ji Chang-wook salutes at a recruit training center at Cheorwon in Gangwon Province, on Monday before enlistment. (Yonhap)
Ji Chang-wook started his mandatory military service Monday.Ji's agency Glorious Entertainment said the actor will undergo basic military training at a recruitment training center at Cheorwon, Gangwon Province, after which he will be in active service for 21 months.Ji enlisted in the military on Monday evening without a press event. After his latest SBS drama “Suspicious Partner” ended last month, Ji held various fan events before his enlistment. During a press conference that marked the end of the series, Ji said that he will return to the big and small screens after faithfully and safely completing his military duty, although he's starting too late.Ji rose to fame after playing the leading role in KBS drama series “Smile Again” from 2010 to 2011. Ji has previously starred in dramas such as “Healer” and “The K2,” as well as a crime-action flick “Fabricated City” this year.By Hong Dam-young ( lotus@heraldcorp.com
Photo: Manchester United's English midfielder Ashley Young (in red) vies for the ball against Chelsea's French midfielder N'Golo Kante during their English Premier League match at Old Trafford in Manchester, north west England, on Sunday. PHOTO: AFP
London, Monday
It was the weekend that well and truly shook up the Premier League title race.
For the first time all season, Chelsea are starting to feel the breath of Tottenham on their neck, with the gap between them now just four points when it was 13 at one stage.
Here is a close look at where the twists and turns could occur during the home stretch.
Chelsea is up first, at home to Southampton on April 25, and it is difficult to see them slipping up given their strong record at Stamford Bridge this season.
The following night and Spurs head to Crystal Palace, who are fighting for their lives down at the wrong end of the table.
April 25: Chelsea vs Southampton – CHELSEA WIN
April 26: Crystal Palace vs Tottenham – SPURS WIN
1st Chelsea 78pts 2nd Tottenham 74pts
April 30: Everton vs Chelsea DRAW; Tottenham vs Arsenal – SPURS WIN
1st Chelsea 79pts 2nd Tottenham 77pts
May 5: West Ham vs Tottenham – SPURS WIN
May 8: Chelsea vs Middlesbrough – CHELSEA WIN
1st Chelsea 82pts 2nd Tottenham 80pts
May 12: West Brom vs Chelsea – CHELSEA WIN
May 14: Tottenham vs Manchester United – DRAW
1st Chelsea 85pts 2nd Tottenham 81pts
May 15: Chelsea vs Watford – CHELSEA WIN
May 18: Leicester City vs Tottenham – SPURS WIN
1st Chelsea 88pts 2nd Tottenham 84pts
May 21: Chelsea vs Sunderland – CHELSEA WIN; Hull vs Tottenham – SPURS WIN
FINAL TABLE: 1st Chelsea 91pts 2nd Tottenham 87pts
People Are Mocking Instagram Millionaire Gianluca Vacchi For His Money Problems
Trending News: The Italian Dan Bilzerian Just Had His Yachts And Properties Seized
Long Story Short
Instagram celebrity Gianluca Vacchi (think Dan Bilzerian with more tattoos) is in serious financial doo-doo as the banks have just seized his yachts, a few of his villas and his shares in a golf course.
Long Story
Either you love or you hate guys like Dan Bilzerian and Gianluca Vacchi. They've got yachts, women and a gaudy lifestyle any guy could only dream of. But they're also supreme narcissists and should probably keep their riches to themselves.
Just a year ago, GQ dubbed Vacchi "the coolest man on Instagram." Well, about that... The 50-year-old Italian playboy has apparently blown his money.
Saturday afternoon fever? @jogiorgiajo @ricky_martin #gvlifestyle #mordidita #rickymartin A post shared by Gianluca Vacchi (@gianlucavacchi) on Jul 23, 2016 at 7:04am PDT
The Italian language Quotidiano reports that Vacchi, who makes about $6 million a year as an heir to the IMA Group, has had his yachts, villas and shares in a golf course worth $12.4 million seized by creditors.
Vacchi denies that the financial troubles are a big deal, brushing it off as "just a little debt."
If you haven't seen Vacchi's Instagram, it's got pretty much the same highlights as Bilzerian — yachts, celebrity cameos and private jets — but with half the followers of 'The King of Instagram,' a modest 11 million.
Serendipity... @gutierrezary A post shared by Gianluca Vacchi (@gianlucavacchi) on Jul 31, 2017 at 12:08pm PDT
Thank you Marbella? @oliviavalere #gvlifestyle A post shared by Gianluca Vacchi (@gianlucavacchi) on Jun 18, 2017 at 2:48am PDT
He's also got one helluva girlfriend, 23-year-old Colombian supermodel Ariadna Gutierrez.
50 .. without any shades! â¤ Thanks life? @gutierrezary A post shared by Gianluca Vacchi (@gianlucavacchi) on Aug 5, 2017 at 1:16pm PDT
A post shared by Gianluca Vacchi (@gianlucavacchi) on Aug 1, 2017 at 10:56am PDT
That name sound familiar? Gutierrez is the Miss Universe candidate who won according to Steve Harvey, but lost according to everyone else.
People have been mocking Vacchi for his situation, starting a Facebook page called 'Find Gianluca Vacchi a job' and crowdfunding for his debt (he'd just reached €5 as of Friday, according to thelocal). They've also apparently been photoshopping him on more affordable boats.
We're trying to sympathize with him, but it's really hard. To be honest, the guy looks like he could easily survive after knocking it down a few notches.
âï¸ let the sunshine.. @jogiorgiajo @effek #gvlifestyle A post shared by Gianluca Vacchi (@gianlucavacchi) on May 28, 2017 at 7:22am PDT
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question
Is he actually in serious trouble or will he just have to juggle his finances around a bit?
Drop This Fact
Vacchi is also a DJ and stars in workout videos.
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has announced the devices that are eligible to get the MIUI 10 update. The current list has 28 Xiaomi devices, including the 3-year-old Mi 4C smartphone and more devices are expected to be added to this list in the coming days. The company has not revealed any schedule for the updates.
Xiaomi had announced the latest version of MIUI at its event in China along with the Mi 8 series. In India, the company announced the MIUI 10 Global ROM at the event held for the Redmi Y2, the company's latest camera centric device.
The current list does not include the recently announced Redmi 6 series consisting of the Redmi 6 Plus, Redmi 6 and Redmi 6A, but they are expected to receive the update soon. Some reports have revealed that the recently launched Mi 8 series has started to receive the MIUI 10 update.
MIUI 10 eligible devices
Xiaomi Mi 8, Mi 8 SE, Mi 6, Mi 6X, Mi 5, Mi 5S Plus, Mi 5X, Mi 5C, Mi 4S and the Mi 4C
Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S, Mi Mix 2 and the Mi Mix
Xiaomi Mi Note 3 and the Mi Note 2
Xiaomi Mi Max 2, Mi Max and the Mi Max Prime
Xiaomi Redmi Note 5, Redmi Note 5A, Note 5A Prime and the Redmi Note 4X
Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus, Redmi 5, Redmi 5A, Redmi 4X and the Redmi S2
In India, the list of devices that will get the MIUI 10 update is slightly different as some of the devices have been launched with a different name and some devices haven't been launched in the country.
MIUI 10 India eligible device
SYDNEY, Australia — Cardinal George Pell, the most senior Catholic official to face sex offence charges, was jeered by protesters as he made a court appearance in his native Australia in a case that has rocked the Vatican and placed scrutiny on the pope's stance against abusive clergy.
Australia's highest-ranking Roman Catholic and Pope Francis' top financial adviser, Pell entered the Melbourne Magistrates Court Friday flanked by police and media as a small group of placard-waving protesters yelled from the sidewalk. He did not react to the hecklers.
The 20-minute hearing focused on planning for the committal hearing starting March 5 that will determine whether he goes to trial. As many as 50 witnesses could be called for that proceeding, expected to last a month.
Pell, who remained silent throughout, has been charged with multiple offences involving multiple complainants. The exact detail and nature of the charges have not been disclosed to the public, though police have described them as "historical" sexual assault offences, meaning they are alleged to have occurred years ago.
Pell through his lawyer has vowed to fight the charges. The 76-year-old cardinal has taken leave from his position as Vatican treasurer to return to Australia and defend himself. He has not been required to enter a plea in court, though his attorney said at his first court appearance in July that Pell intended to plead not guilty.
Pell's lawyer, Robert Richter, told Friday's hearing at least one of the allegations could not have happened.
"We propose to demonstrate to Your Honour that what was alleged was impossible," Richter told magistrate Belinda Wallington.
Today's brief hearing centred on which witnesses would be cross-examined at the committal hearing, and touched on a factor likely to feature prominently in the case — the memories of witnesses speaking about incidents alleged to have occurred up to several decades ago.
After years of alleged coverups and silence from the church over its pedophilia scandal, abuse survivors and their advocates have hailed the prosecution of Pell as a monumental shift in the way society is responding to the crisis.
Friday, October 06, 2017
TALAHASSEE, FLORIDA—WHAS 11 reports that the Florida Division of Historical Resources has released more information on the 15-foot log vessel that washed up from the Indian River during Hurricane Irma. Radiocarbon dating of the wood indicates there is a 50 percent chance the tree used to make the canoe died or was cut down between 1640 and 1680, and a 37 percent chance it dates to between 1760 and 1818. “The canoe has some interesting features, like the presence of paint and wire nails, that indicate it may have been made in the nineteenth or twentieth century, so this adds to the mystery,” said Sarah Revell of the Florida Department of State. She explained that the canoe might have been made in the early twentieth century from an old log, or even crafted in the 1600 or 1700s, and then modified over time. After being discovered in September, the canoe was stored in a freshwater pond and then transported to a conservation laboratory, where it will be desalinized and any algae on the exterior will be removed. Then the vessel will be soaked in polyethylene glycol for strengthening. For more, go to “Florida History Springs Forth.”
Pogba proved point against England, says Lloris
Paul Pogba turned on the style for France against England and Hugo Lloris thinks it was a sign of what is to come at Manchester United.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 04:35 IST
England's Dele Alli (L) holds off France's Paul Pogba
France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris believes Paul Pogba proved a point to his detractors with his performance in Tuesday's friendly win over England.
The Manchester United midfielder produced a superb display as Didier Deschamps' side recorded a 3-2 win in Paris, despite having been reduced to 10 men following Raphael Varane's red card.
Pogba has been accused in some quarters of failing to justify United's decision to pay a world-record fee of £89million to sign him from Juventus last year, although he did finish 2016-17 with winners' medals in the EFL Cup and Europa League.
But Tottenham captain Lloris expects the 24-year-old to show continued improvement next season and beyond.
"Maybe he had some things to prove, because he belongs to one of the best clubs in the world and he plays in the Premier League, and he has to show his level," said Lloris.
"Against England, he was fantastic and as a midfielder he helped the team a lot to manage the ball. I have no doubt that he will get better and better."
Lloris went on to suggest that he has been trying to convince Thomas Lemar to join him at Spurs.
The 21-year-old Monaco star has been linked with a move to England's top flight in recent weeks, and when asked if he had encouraged him to consider Spurs, Lloris answered: "You're right to ask the question, but I cannot reply!"
He continued: "The Premier League is very exciting. All the Premier League clubs have the capacity and the ability to sign the best players in the world.
"In France, we used to have a lot of talented players and it's true that the new generation are fantastic, but we need to give them time to get the right maturity. But, as they showed this week, they are ready to compete at the best level. Let's see what will happen in the Premier League."
NATIONAL
The file photo shows a wide shot of the US Embassy building in central Gwanghwamun in Seoul, on June 24, 2017. (Yonhap)
A Seoul court on Monday backed a police ban on progressive activists' plan to circle the US and Japanese embassies in central Seoul as part of their Liberation Day rally.The Seoul Administrative Court turned down the injunction request from a coalition of civic groups seeking to suspend the police's decision not to allow their events slated for Tuesday. They had planned to form human chains around the embassies near Gwanghwamun Square in commemoration of the country's independence from the 1910-1945 Japanese colonial rule."Give the current diplomatic tensions and the stances of the US and Japan over the recent missile launches by North Korea, if the rally is carried out according to the plan, it could put restraints on embassy officials and give them the feeling of being locked inside," the court said.The court also said it may run against the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and the domestic law, which forbids a rally within a 100-meter radius of a foreign diplomatic building.The protesters notified the Seoul police weeks ago of their plan but police did not approve it, citing safety reasons. They were allowed only to march toward the front of the embassies. (Yonhap)
Rubio went for a triple-double in a Game 3 victory , the first playoff triple-double for the franchise since John Stockton had one in 2001.
Westbrook said he'd shut down Rubio in Game 4.
His efforts backfired — Rubio got more of Westbrook's attention, and the Thunder weren't as effective helping on Donovan Mitchell and Rudy Gobert, Utah's two best players. Westbrook was overly aggressive and had four fouls at halftime. The Jazz rolled 113-96 .
Westbrook toned it down after the game.
"It wasn't about me or him," he said. "Let's get past that. We're done with that."
Looking around the playoffs, that's probably a good thing.
How goes a team's point guard, so goes the team.
New Orleans' Rajon Rondo and Philadelphia's Ben Simmons are among the point guards whose play has lifted their teams.
That has been true in the matchup between Toronto's Kyle Lowry and Washington's John Wall. In Toronto's two wins, Lowry averaged 10.5 assists, but 6.5 in two losses. Wall averaged 27.5 points and 14 assists as Washington won two games to even the series.
The 32-year-old Rondo appeared to be overmatched heading into the matchup with Portland's Damian Lillard but showed he is not past his prime.
Rondo averaged 11.3 points, 7.5 rebounds and 13.3 assists to help the New Orleans sweep the Trail Blazers. Lillard averaged just 18.5 points in the series, eight below his regular-season average, and shot just 35 per cent from the field.
Philadelphia's Simmons has averaged 19.3 points, 10.8 rebounds and 9.8 assists t help the 76ers take a 3-1 lead in their series against the Miami Heat. In Game 4, he had the first triple-double for a rookie in a playoff game since Magic Johnson in 1980.
Miami's Goran Dragic is playing well, too — he's averaging 19.5 points and shooting 49 per cent. But when Simmons has been special, the 76ers have won.
Milwaukee's Eric Bledsoe and Boston's Terry Rozier have gone back and forth on the court and in the media. Rozier dominated the first two games — both Boston wins — averaging 23 points on 47 per cent shooting while Bledsoe averaged 10.5 points and shot 36 per cent.
Bledsoe won the next two matchups, and so did the Bucks. Bledsoe averaged 13 points on 50 per cent shooting while Rozier averaged 9.5 points on 26 per cent shooting.
Rubio doesn't have to statistically out-perform Westbrook, who has averaged a triple-double the past two seasons. For Rubio, the key has been not trying to do too much. Just be the team's floor general.
On offence, he takes open shots and finds his teammates. On defence, he can take chances because the 7-foot-1 Gobert can erase most mistakes.
"That is our strength," Rubio said. "Play as a team and get a win."
One more Utah win and Oklahoma City's season is done.
___
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
___
Freelancer John Coon in Salt Lake City, Utah, contributed to this report.
___
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Cliff Brunt, The Associated Press
FIREFIGHTERS FROM across West Yorkshire are currently battling a major fire in Brighouse.
The alarm was raised at about 2.15pm and twelve fire engines are currently at the scene, in Sherwood Road, where large plumes of smoke are billowing.
The West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service has advised people in the area to keep their doors and windows closed.
It has not yet released any further details but it is understood the building on fire is a factory.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – A St. Louis woman returned home after a long day of Christmas shopping Tuesday, when she says three men wearing hoodies approached as she was unloading items from her car. One of the suspects had a gun, pointed it at her and demanded her car keys, phone and cash.
"They had a gun to my head. I mean, I was afraid that I was going to die," said the victim, who asked to remain anonymous.
The suspects stole her car, which she said was full of Christmas presents for her grandchildren. She said they also stole about $1,500 which she planned on using to pay her rent.
"Now what am I supposed to tell my babies at Christmas? That I can't do anything for you all because I got robbed?" she wondered.
Police arrested four suspects who were seen exiting the woman's car on Sunday in the 1200 block of Baden Avenue in North St. Louis.
Three of the men, 17-year-old Breon Allen, 18-year-old Michael Gayden-Smith, and 18-year-old Martel Gordon are charged with resisting or interfering with arrest. The fourth suspect, 19-year-old Marcus Stewart is charged with robbery and resisting arrest.
The woman is thankful the suspects only took her stuff and not her life, but she said they ruined Christmas for her grandchildren.
"It would be beautiful if somebody can help me," she said. "I need prayers."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Regulars at a Bristol pub have expressed their shock and outrage after their beer garden was taken away by Bristol City Council following noise complaints.
Manager Don Taylor said the pub had a good relationship with its neighbours and he hadn't received a complaint in years, he was shocked when the council sent him a letter in May telling him they were taking away his outdoor seating.
Don said the seating outside the Miner's Arms pub in St Werburghs had been there for 50 years but it took just one noise complaint for the council to remove it without any warning. The council says it in fact received four noise complaints.
“We didn't know there was a problem. As far as I know there's only been one complaint in four years, we are always respectful of our neighbours," said Don.
“Somebody must have complained to the council, but rather than telling us there was a problem and asking us to fix it, they have just taken away all our outdoor seating.”
Don said that in the middle of summer the sudden removal of the outside seats wouldn't do anything to keep noise levels down, and would only serve to hurt his business, and possibly force the pub to close.
He claims the council have blanked him when he has tried to engage with them – as proof he has pinned up his correspondence with the council on the wall of the pub, to show their lack or response, he says.
“I've been reasonable,” he said.
“If there's a problem tell me, I am more than happy to discuss it and make changes to get to a solution everyone is happy with.
“But they haven't wanted to communicate, they just sent some men from the parks department down here to take the benches away.”
Don has said the effect on his business could be fatal and the Miner's Arms could be forced to close.
In a letter to the council Don said: “The loss of the outside tables will do immeasurable harm to the business.
“Our pub is an important asset to the local community, it's a hub for several local groups and contributes greatly towards social cohesion.
“If the pub loses its outside seating the area will become much less friendly and far less safe, especially at night.
“If the loss of revenue is as bad as I expect it will be, the business may no longer be viable and another pub could close.”
Bristol Live understands the benches, which belong to the pub, were removed by council personnel at the taxpayer's expense and are now being stored by the council.
Don has been inundated with messages of support from outraged locals saying the pub is an important community asset and taking away the benches will harm the local area.
Bristol Live has seen dozens of emails from patrons of the Miner's Arms calling for the benches to be put back.
The land next to the pub, where the benches have stood for decades, belongs to the council and they say that complaints from residents have caused them to take away the seating.
The council said they had received four noise complaints since 2015 and they had written to Don once about noise, in 2015. Don says he took steps to reduce noise after he got their letter and thought the problem was solved. The next time he heard from the council was in 2018, saying they were taking his benches away.
"I thought we were doing well," Don said.
"I thought all the noise complaints had stopped for at least three or four years."
Local resident Becky Neusinger, who lives opposite the pub said: “I can't believe this has happened. I live about as close to the Miner's Arms as it's possible to get and I've never found the noise to be a problem.
“By taking the benches away the council has robbed St Werburghs of a really important focal point for the community. I think they just don't want anybody to have fun.”
In a statement Bristol City Council said: “The owners were contacted about people congregating on the benches of the Miner's Arms after closing time and asked to take steps to reduce noise.
"In 2015 our licencing teams suggested replacing the benches with chairs and tables which could be moved when the pub was closed, but this was not done.
"The situation has not improved since then so as a last resort we have now removed benches as the council owns and is responsible for the land.”
Most people should start screening tests for colon and rectal cancers at age 45, rather than waiting for age 50, as long recommended, the American Cancer Society said Wednesday.
The group said that the initial test does not have to be a colonoscopy, a procedure that typically requires a day off from work and an often-unpleasant bowel cleansing routine. Instead, it could be one of several other tests, including home stool tests available by prescription.
Other expert groups still recommend starting at age 50. That's the stance of the influential U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, which last reviewed the issue in 2016.
But the shift by the cancer society is based on new information about the rise in colon and rectal cancer among younger adults, said Andrew Wolf, an associate professor of medicine at the University of Virginia. He led the group writing the new recommendations.
Colon and rectal cancers have increased 51% among adults under age 50 since 1994, the cancer society said.
“We don't know why it's going on,” Wolf said, noting that suspects include obesity and poor diet. “But it's increasingly clear that it is happening.”
Meanwhile, cases and deaths have fallen in older adults, at least partly due to screening, which can lead to the detection and removal of polyps before they become cancerous.
Most of the nation's 140,000 annual cases and 50,000 deaths from colon and rectal cancer still occur among people over age 55. But the share of cases involving younger adults has risen to 29% for rectal cancer and 17% for colon cancer, a recent study showed.
While few trials have looked at screening 45-year-olds, new statistical models reviewed by the cancer society showed that the younger group should benefit nearly as much as slightly older adults do, Wolf said. But because the evidence is not as strong, the society said its recommendation for screening at 45 was “qualified.”
That means that “we hope that doctors will look at this and at least start discussions of colorectal cancer screening with their 45-year-old patients,” Wolf said.
It could be a complicated discussion. Not only do major groups now differ on starting ages, they also differ on how strongly they recommend various tests.
A group representing three professional societies of gastroenterologists said in 2017 that African Americans should start screening at 45, because they are at increased risk, but that others should wait until age 50. It also said the best tests are colonoscopies every 10 years or a test called FIT (fecal immunochemical testing) to check for blood in the stool every year.
The group gave lower rankings to other screening strategies, including CT scans every five years or a stool test that checks for both blood and DNA changes every three years.
By contrast, the cancer society said the tests are equally acceptable – though worrisome results on any test other than a colonoscopy need to be followed up with a colonoscopy.
“We do know that a lot of folks have distinct preferences when offered a choice,” Wolf said. “The best colorectal screening test is the one that gets done.”
While the overall costs and benefits of earlier screening remain unclear, the message that screening is important and can come in many forms is crucial, said David Weinberg, chairman of medicine at Fox Chase Cancer Center, Philadelphia.
“The bottom line is that if you regularly participate in colon cancer screening, you have a reduced risk of getting and dying from colon cancer,” said Weinberg, who was not involved in the cancer society guidelines.
The qualified endorsement of screening at age 45 is reasonable and “will lead to a lot of discussion and investigation,” said Douglas Rex, a professor of medicine at Indiana University. He was lead author on the differing recommendations from the gastroenterology groups.
What happens now will be partly up to insurers. Some will not cover testing in younger patients right away, Wolf said. And some will cover stool testing, but refuse to cover follow-up colonoscopies for those with abnormal results, he said.
The out-of-pocket cost for a colonoscopy can range from a few hundred dollars to several thousand dollars. A DNA stool test can cost several hundred dollars, but a yearly stool test for blood alone can cost as little as $20, Rex said.
Colonoscopy also carries risks, including bowel perforation and complications from anesthesia. The risks rise with age. That's one reason the cancer society and preventive services task force recommend screening be considered on a case by case basis after age 75 and stopped after age 85.
The new recommendations apply to people at average risk for colon and rectal cancer. Those at higher risk, because of their personal or family history, may be urged to get screening earlier or more often.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
While Elon Musk is busy trying to colonise Mars, it would seem that his former employee-turned-arch-rival is coolly encroaching on the Electronic Vehicles market. For the longest time, EVs were almost synonymous with Elon Musk, the bold face of Tesla, who promised to change the world as we know it. Musk's nemesis is Henrik Fisker, a man who hasn't just designed some of the most iconic James Bond cars but is also now claiming a piece of the EV pie that so far was firmly on Musk's side of the table. While Tesla may still be a top-of-the-line machine, Fisker clearly wants to challenge the domination with his game-changing electric car… erm… EMotion.
Its underwhelming name notwithstanding, EMotion's specs are bound to make Elon Musk sit up, take note, perhaps fidget with his shirt collar and increase his Ambien dosage. Because EMotion boasts of a top speed of 259 kph and a range of 643 km on a full battery charge. That's a significant improvement on Tesla's Model S that has a humbler range of 563 km and top speed of 250 kph.
Could EMotion be a Tesla-killer?
Before we get ahead of ourselves, you should know that Fisker vs Tesla isn't just your regular market beef. There's a lot of bad blood between the two. In 2008, Tesla had filed a lawsuit against Fisker's design company, the Fisker Coachbuild for allegedly stealing Tesla's design documents and concepts while he was working with Tesla as a contractor on their early hybrid cars. Fisker apparently pulled a Mark Zuckerberg on Tesla by quitting midway and start working on his own hybrid supercar, the Fisker Karma (which was to launch along with the Tesla hybrid in 2010). The lawsuit resulted in Musk's Winklevoss moment, with the court ruling in favour of Fisker and even asking Tesla to foot the legal charges (around $1.14 million).
Now, getting back to EMotion – Fisker's EV reportedly makes use of advanced battery technology and focusses a lot on – what has been called the Achilles' Heel of Tesla – charging time. The Model S takes about nine hours for a full charge at a regular station and 40 minutes at Tesla's Supercharging Stations. That's tad longer than your average fuel station loo break. But EMotion, according to Fisker Inc's claims, can do a fast charge in a previously unheard of time of n-i-n-e minutes making it comparable to filling gasoline.
For now, Fisker Inc has kept details about EMotion under wraps. While we know that it will be launched formally in August 2017 and the fact that it will have connected capabilities, almost nothing is known about the car. However, sometime last month, Fisker did reveal a cool bit of information in a tweet saying the EMotion will feature Lipik Electrochromic glass on roof and side-windows – which means you can modify their tint electronically at the touch of a button.
Fisker EMotion with 400+ mile EV range, will have Lipik Electrochromic glass on the roof & rear side windows: tints on a touch of a button! pic.twitter.com/7dpUuHEGf0 — Henrik Fisker (@FiskerOfficial) May 4, 2017
With the high-end EV market getting crowded by the day with the likes of performance-focussed Faraday Future and Rimac – Fisker's focus on charging time makes it a real dark horse in the race to mass-market appeal and the fight against a Tesla hegemony.
NOW READ Tesla's India debut might be closer than you think
> More on Cars
Up Next: Spare Parts: Five Questions for Jeff Dunham
Nearly 70 specialist officers are being recruited to help tackle rising levels of online criminal activity in West Yorkshire.
The region's police force is employing a dedicated Detective Inspector for cyber crime to address the issue, along with a Detective Sergeant and an extra 28 constables.
The officers will all be employed to investigate incidents including fraud, identity theft and hacking, which have all taken on new forms with the growth of the internet. Probing cyberbullying and online harassment also forms part of their remit.
A total of 38 digital media investigators have already been taken on by West Yorkshire Police, after Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Mark Burns-Williamson set aside £250,000 to tackle cyber crime in 2015.
Three years on, Mr Burns-Williamson said that the changing nature of online offences made it "very challenging" for police forces across the UK to "keep up".
He said: "It's an area where technology and crime trends are difficult to keep up with and monitor. I think we're learning all the time.
"But because we've got a dedicated cyber crime team we are actually really well placed in terms of being as up to speed as possible.
"Whether it's bullying online or fraud, it's important that we provide an appropriate response to it."
A recent West Yorkshire Police report criticised the National College of Policing for "hampering" efforts to bolster the number of specialist online officers.
The report said: "Whilst the force acknowledges that there is a need to increase the number of digital media investigators, this ambition has been hampered by the lack of training provided nationally by the College of Policing."
Mr Burns Williamson said the issue was being addressed and that frontline police were being given the right help.
He said: "It's recognised that the College of Policing who are the body that set the national guidelines and standards around this sometimes are a little bit behind the curve in terms of how quickly we can train our officers.
"There's been a lot of work gone on to ensure that the appropriate specialist training is given to frontline officers, because increasingly I think they are coming across reports of cyber crime and they need to be able to respond appropriately."
We're not sure exactly what's going on in the strange and beautiful first trailer for Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams, but the sheer amount of star wattage in Amazon's upcoming sci-fi anthology really makes us want to try and figure it out.
The video, released Friday during the streaming site's New York Comic Con panel, offers many evocative glimpses of the 10-episode series. Each episode will be set in a different world — “some of which lay in the far reaches of the universe and time, and others which are much, much closer to home,” the official release states — and all of the stories are inspired by Dick's short stories.
Electric Dreams‘ jam-packed cast includes Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad), Maura Tierney (The Affair), Steve Buscemi (Boardwalk Empire), Janelle Monae (Moonlight), Mireille Enos (The Catch), Anna Paquin (True Blood), Liam Cunningham and Richard Madden (Game of Thrones), Vera Farmiga (Bates Motel), Greg Kinnear (Little Miss Sunshine) and Terrence Howard (Empire). The stories were adapted by Ron Moore (Outlander), Matthew Graham (Doctor Who), Michael dinner (Justified) and David Farr (The Night Manager), among others. Cranston and Moore also serve as two of the series' executive producers.
In the United States, Electric Dreams is slated to premiere on Amazon Prime Video in 2018. It debuted in the United Kingdom in September.
Press PLAY on the video above to leap into some Electric Dreams, then hit the comments: Are you planning to watch the literary sci-fi series?
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the New England Revolution tied Atlanta United 1-1 on Wednesday night.
New England (5-4-4) has one win in its last five games — with two straight draws. Atlanta (8-3-2) had won four straight on the road.
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover. Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner. Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal.
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel's cross. It was Martinez's league-leading ninth goal of the season.
JONNY BAIRSTOW is confident England can finally put all the off-pitch distractions behind them in order to hit back against Australia and go on to retain The Ashes.
The current tour Down Under seems to have created as much media interest for what has gone on off the pitch as on it, as Yorkshire's Bairstow knows only too well to his cost.
As if the furore over his ‘headbutt' on Cameron Bancroft in Perth before the Test series had not been enough, the weekend's revelations concerning Lions tour party member Ben Duckett pouring a drink over James Anderson's head gave the collective press, TV and internet media plenty more material to chew over ahead of this week's third and, possibly, deciding Test in Perth.
Duckett, 23, has since been suspended for the remainder of the England Lions tour of Australia and received a final written warning over his conduct.
But, coming on top of Bairstow's bizarre ‘coming together' with Bancroft in a Perth bar and the much-publicised pre-tour incident in Bristol concerning all-rounder and vice-captain Ben Stokes – currently keeping his eye in playing some 40-over cricket over in New Zealand – it has led to an unprecedented level of scrutiny on what England's players do once off the field of play.
Bairstow admits it has been difficult to avoid all the negative publicity over the past few weeks – of which he has formed a central part – but believes only by getting their game right out in the middle can England start to create headlines and take up air time for the right reasons.
“There's been a lot of stuff spoken about since we've been over here,” said Bairstow, speaking ahead of the third Test at the WACA, which starts on Thursday. “We knew it was going to be tough coming to Australia, the cricket is always going to be tough.
“But that's what we can control and we need to control more of that. I'm sure you can imagine what the toughest part of the tour has been. Naturally, it's been everywhere and all that anyone has been talking about – whether it's right or wrong, true or false. It is what people have been talking about.
“But we need to just put all that to the back of our minds when we get on the pitch – go out there and try and do something special.”
At 2-0 down and with three Tests to play heading to a venue that has brought only one win in 13 matches for England – even then against an Australian side severely depleted after the exodus to Kerry Packer's controversial World Series – it does not augur particularly well for Joe Root's side.
But Bairstow is having none of it and is almost boastful in his belief that England can hit back from defeats in Brisbane and Adelaide to square the series.
“As a group, there's no way we see this series as being over,” said Bairstow. “We've lost two games, but we've been in both of them for decent periods of time. We just need to do what we've been doing for longer and do it in the key periods of the games where we've come unstuck.
“So, yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right.”
One reason Bairstow appears so confident that England can turn things around over the next three weeks or so lies in his faith in Yorkshire team-mate and England captain Root.
Still a relative rookie when it comes to international captaincy, the Sheffield-born batsman has impressed since taking over the reins from Alastair Cook earlier this year. Naturally, in the more intense heat of an Ashes battle. his tactics and decision-making were always going to come under a bigger spotlight in Australia.
For example, some have queried Root's decision to field first in Adelaide after winning the toss, with some critics suggesting he had handed a significant advantage to the hosts at a ground where many observers felt the conditions favoured England more.
Ultimately, Root's players were left dispirited by a second heavy defeat, the 120-run loss coming hot on the heels of a 10-wicket pounding in Brisbane. But while there may be critics outside the dressing room, Bairstow revealed that Root has the total backing of his players.
“I think Joe's captaincy has been brilliant – there aren't many things that you can fault with what he's done,” added Bairstow.
“He's still learning as a captain, but if you're captain of England you're going to be learning for a while.”
Yorkshire Tea are sponsors of National Cricket Week, working in partnership with the Chance to Shine programme, which works with 1,500 schools across the UK aiming to encourage youngsters to take up cricket.
Independence Day (1996)
My fellow Americans, it's all right there in the title. Sure, this shoot-em-up action flick from Roland Emmerich may not be concerned with accuracy of any kind (or even decent acting), but if you didn't have Will Smith vs. the aliens playing in the background of your get-together, did July 4 even happen? Watch
TO thank Australia's brave servicemen and women, all current ADF and RSL members will get free entry to Darwin's annual Anzac Day Races today.
Held at the Darwin Turf Club in partnership with Darwin RSL, the annual race day attracts thousands of horse race enthusiasts from across Australia.
Darwin Turf Club chief executive Keith Stacy said the event was very popular in Darwin, especially considering the number of military personal who lived in the NT capital.
“The importance of the day is obviously remembrance; it's in recognition of our former and current serving personnel,” he said. “We hold two-up and we take proceeds from that and put it towards the Darwin RSL and Legacy.”
Doors open at 10am, and the races run all afternoon.
Mr Stacy said the annual race day had a nice atmosphere – with many attendees wearing their medals or uniforms; and live entertainment throughout the day.
Race enthusiast Sinead Wormald said while she wouldn't describe herself as “lucky”, she loved to place a bet or two.
To get free entry to the track, attendees will have to show proof of service.
For more information, search — http://darwinturfclub.org.au/event/anzac-day-races-25-apr-2018/
© Nicholas Kamm / Agence France-Presse
Senior officials at the Department of Justice and the FBI need to address abuses listed in the explosive GOP memo, said House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes. He dismissed criticism from Democrats as dishonest.Declassified by President Donald Trump and published by the committee Friday over strong objections by Democrats, the DOJ and the FBI, the memo lays out the origins of the warrant to spy on Trump adviser, Carter Page, in the dossier funded by Hillary Clinton's campaign.Nunes (R-California) appeared on Fox News' 'Special Report' Friday evening and revealed that he commissioned the report, but that the bulk of the work was done by several committee staffers and Representative Trey Gowdy (R-South Carolina). Gowdy, a former prosecutor, was the one to review the FBI/DOJ applications for a search warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA).Authored by British ex-spy Christopher Steele, the dossier was funded by Fusion GPS, an opposition research firm retained by the Clinton campaign in April 2016 via the Democratic National Committee and the law firm Perkins Coie.Asked if there was anything in the Steele dossier that was confirmed as true, Nunes replied, "Russia is a country and Carter Page is a person."Page, a former adviser to Donald Trump's presidential campaign, was the target of FISA surveillance the FBI and DOJ applied for in October 2016. Though the FBI severed ties with Steele by the end of that month due to his leaks to the media,Democrats, who tried all week to block the release of the memo, quickly accused it of being inaccurate. Representative Eric Swalwell (D-California) said on CNN Friday that "it was disclosed" in the FISA applications that "part of the evidence was from a politically motivated source.""No," Nunes replied. "These guys tell so many lies, it's hard to keep track of them.""These are not honest actors," Nunes said of his Democratic colleagues, noting that the minority members tried to prevent the committee from obtaining Fusion GPS documents, among other evidence.However, he voiced no opposition to the committee publishing the memo written by the Democrats with the intent to challenge his conclusions, but said that "it has to go through the same process."Earlier on Friday, the White House said it was open to approve the eventual publication of the Democratic memo."I personally like Rod Rosenstein," Nunes told Baier, but he and Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray "have work to do" at the DOJ and the FBI, he added.
#ReleaseTheDocuments Behind FISA Abuse Memo – Veteran FBI Special Agent Warns Much Worse To Come By Susan Duclos – All News PipeLine
House Intelligence Committee Chairman David Nunes says that getting the much-talked about FISA abuse memo released was only phase one and the committee is in the middle of phase two right now, which is investigations into corruption within other agencies in regards to the information revealed about how top level Obama anti-Trump officials used the unverified, Kremlin sourced Steele dossier, which was funded by the DNC and the Hillary Clinton campaign, to obtain a FISA warrant to surveil Trump campaign team members.
THE MEMO WAS THE TRAP
In short, the memo revealed what many in the Independent Media have long maintained: The unverified Steele dossier was used to obtained FISA approval to suveil the Trump campaign, without informing the court who funded it, where it came from, or that the information they were using was unverified; Former FBI Director James Comey signed three of the FISA applications; Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one of the FISA applications; Former DAG's Sally Yates and Dana Boente, and DAG Rod Rosenstein each signed off on one or more of the FISA applications on behalf of the DOJ.
According to former judge and Republican congressman Louie Gohmert, “A FISA court judge has grounds to hold Department of Justice officials including Bruce Ohr in contempt of court for making misrepresentations about the sources of information used to obtain a surveillance warrant against a Trump associate.”
When FNC's Bret Baier asked Nunes about the personal fallout, the accusations leveled against him in response to the release of the memo, which highlighted a conspiracy that implicates top officials, and former officials, of the FBI and the DOJ, Nunes' response is telling, a shot across the bow if you will.
Nunes' stated “Yes, it's actually quite enjoyable because — because we have the underlying facts. We have been investigating this for a really long time. So, you know that you're over the target when you're being attacked from all sides.”
TIME TO SPRING THE TRAP – #RELEASETHEDOCUMENTS
Before the memo was released (read embedded memo here), Democratic politicians tried to prevent the release to the full House of Representatives, then they attempt to prevent the release to Americans, while claiming the document, which was compiled by Nunes' and Republican staff, was “misleading,” and “distorted,” and now after the release of the memo which they fought tooth and nail to stop, they claim it was a “dud.”
Question: If they thought the document was a dud, why did they fight so hard against the release?
Nunes' and House Republicans understood from the onset that the memo was just the “trap.” 1. Allow Democrats, the media, the FBI and DOJ, to show the public how desperate they were to prevent the memo from being released. 2. Release the memo. 3. Then allow the same corruption apologists a little time to attempt to delegitimize the document as a political tool for Republicans. 4. Then spring the trap by releasing the underlying documents which prove each point of the memo.
The level of pushback against the release from the FBI and DOJ, made it very clear they understood the damage this information going public would do to not only the reputation of these agencies as a whole, but to top level Obama officials that were all part of the conspiracy to 1) Prevent Donald Trump from being elected, and; 2) Manufacture a “Russian collusion” narrative in an attempt to overthrow a sitting president.
Nunes' mention of “the underlying facts” was deliberate, because once Dems and the media fell into the original trap by claiming the “talking points” don't represent the classified documentation, the next logical move is to prove the “underlying facts” do in fact confirm the information contained within the memo.
This is evidenced by the initial letter signed by 65 House Republicans, back on January 19, 2018, which not only demanded the memobe released to the public, but also calling for the “relevant ancillary information,” meaning the documented evidence that supports the assertions contained within the memo.
The fact is, if Democrats were so concerned that Nunes was “cherry picking” the facts, instead of writing a counter memo, which reportedly doesn't even attempt to contradict the FISA abuse memo, but offers other “cherry picked” facts, they would be full throttle on-board with releasing all the information, all the underlying documents, with sources and methods redacted for national security purposes, and let the chips fall where they may.
This is an argument made by 24 year veteran FBI Special Agent, Chris Swecker, in an op-ed titled “Shocking memo reveals how Comey disgraced an honorable FBI,” where he informs readers that information circulating is that “the memo made public is just the tip of the iceberg,” and that ex-FBI agents are “picking up information that the inspector general's report will be far more graphic in detailing the misconduct of McCabe, Strzok and others more serious that what is in the memo released Friday.”
Sharing is caring!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A self-described 'vagina witch' is making a living teaching women how to use meditation to improve their sex lives - including giving lessons with 'massage wands'.
Courtney Maria Halsted, 31, was drawn into the world of witchcraft as a child and spent her early twenties studying yoni yoga - also known as vagina yoga - with mystics in India.
After moving to Melbourne, Australia, the sexual healer carved a career teaching women from far and wide how to 'harness the power of their pelvis' to help them improve their sex lives.
Her services are mostly offered through Skype consultations, a medium which puts a modern spin on ancient traditions.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Courtney, who is originally from Albury, New South Wales, said: "It's about looking within and freeing yourself through sex and consciousness.
"Some of the work I do with women is like yoni yoga. I teach how a woman's body is a temple, and this can increase the sensitivity of the vagina.
"Sometimes this involves using a jade yogi wand.
"They use this internally to bring themselves to pleasure and open up the numb areas in their vagina. This is like releasing a muscular knot.
"One of my practices is a meditation activation process. This can involve learning about the different orgasmic points of the vagina to heighten pleasure."
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Courtney spent years studying mystic healing in Europe, South America, North Africa, and Southeast Asia.
The 31-year-old said her clients stand to heighten their sex lives and relaxation by following her practices, which include yoni yoga and vaginal massages.
Courtney's mostly-female clientele span from Australia, the US and Europe, and ages of 20 to 70.
She said she is not presently casting spells, but rather staging magic rituals that allow clients to empower themselves.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Courtney, whose business is called Fierce Mystic, said: "Society is becoming much more open. In the Western world the fear of sexuality is very outdated, people are ready for change.
"But women are speaking about this stuff on talk shows now. This is one of the most important ways that we can become empowered."
Sign up for Courtney's online services here: https://www.fiercemystic.com/event/embody-the-temple/
New Balance is getting creative for its first year as the official apparel and shoe sponsor of the TCS New York City Marathon, employing everything from a pop-up shop to experiential consumer activations around the city prior to the race on Nov. 5.The theme of the marketing campaign is “All Roads Lead to NYC,” and is intended to celebrate the victory that runners feel crossing the finish line after their 26.2-mile journey. The campaign will include images of participants in the 2016 race throwing their hands up in the air like a “Y.”To continue on that theme, New Balance will install several NYC Victory Pose locations around the city featuring life-size three-dimensional “N” and “C” letters where visitors can be photographed making themselves the “Y.” Those photos can then be posted on social media. The Victory Pose locations will open on Oct. 29 at the marathon expo, the Sheraton New York Times Square, the New York Road Runners' RunCenter, New Balance's Flatiron store and Paragon Sports.In addition, a New Balance Run Club pop-up, located in the And&And space at 353 West 12th Street, will be open from Nov. 2-4 and will feature different programming each day. The first day will focus on the rhythm of distance running with musical guests, Friday's program will center on performance and will include a Team New Balance athlete panel, and Saturday will take on the issue of fuel for marathon runners. The pop-up will offer food, drinks, daily runs and limited-edition merchandise for sale.Road to NYC ads will kick off on Oct. 9 on digital billboards in Times Square, subway stations at Hudson Yards and Columbus Circle, as well as in taxis and in broadcast spots.“We are excited to celebrate our first year as an NYRR foundation partner and help host this incredible event,” said Tom Carleo, vice president of running for New Balance. “Participants travel different roads, from all corners of the world, but what they all have in common is they all cross the same finish line in New York. We look forward to celebrating that moment with them.”Sarah Cummins, head of business development and strategic partnerships for the New York Road Runners, which organizes the race, called the Roads Lead to NYC campaign “inspirational and heroic — a true embodiment of TCS New York City Marathon day for our 50,000 runners. We look forward to continuing to bring our partnership with New Balance to life in innovative and inspiring ways.”New Balance has also commissioned local artists to create murals in each of the five boroughs that will celebrate the marathon through the lens of that borough: David Park in Staten Island (827 Castleton Avenue), Doves in Queens (30th Avenue and Wellington Court), Wayne in the Bronx (Bruckner Boulevard and Lincoln Avenue), Ron English in Manhattan (1st Avenue and St. Marks) and AvOne in Brooklyn.And lastly, on race day, New Balance will create the Mile 20 Block Party with live music, digital screens broadcasting inspirational messages and a cheer zone. Mile 20 is often the most difficult part of the race for a marathoner.Last month, New Balance unveiled its official apparel and footwear collection for the event, which attracts more than 50,000 runners from 125 countries. Key pieces include a Marathon Windcheater jacket for $130, special footwear models with New York-centric details and branding, and a premium, limited-edition halo capsule collection with pieces that retail for up to $250.New Balance took over the apparel and footwear sponsorship this year from Asics, which had held the role for 25 years. As part of the new 10-year deal, Boston-based New Balance also became a partner of the NYRR Foundation and will sponsor events, programs and youth-running initiatives throughout the year. It also built a running hub at the NYRR headquarters near Columbus Circle.
ATLANTA — Mickey Callaway's words never lost their calm inflection. He didn't raise his voice or sputter. But please, he said, sounding like a kindly kindergarten teacher, don't let that fool you.
“We've hit rock bottom in the last few days and we have to come out of it,” he said before Wednesday night's game, the last in a brutal road trip.
“I'm sure the fans would love to see people throwing stuff. We're not happy with what's going on, but just because we try to approach it the right way, doesn't mean we're accepting it. We're [angry]. There's a reason you lose, and it's not just bad luck and one inning. We haven't been playing the game right.”
It was as strong a language as the Mets' manager has used publicly, and for one night, words led to actions. Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched masterfully, the offense did just enough, and the middle infield saved the day, as the Mets defeated the Braves, 4-1, at SunTrust Park. After a cavalcade of misadventures, the Mets somehow leave Atlanta with a series split and home on the horizon.
The Braves threatened in the eighth, when Jeurys Familia allowed back-to-back singles with one out. With runners at the corners, Nick Markakis hit a ball up the middle that was stopped by a diving Amed Rosario, who flipped to Asdrubal Cabrera, who made the barehanded grab and threw a bullet to first to keep it at 3-1.
“That's SportsCenter Top 10 right there,” said Brandon Nimmo, who tacked on an RBI double in the ninth, his eighth extra-base hit in as many games.
Robert Gsellman pitched a perfect ninth for the second save of his career.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“It's the play that we've been lacking,” Callaway said of Rosario's gem. “It was probably the difference in the game. He's going to have his ups and downs because he's a young player but his ups are probably much better than he's ever been. Those are the times you look at to determine, ‘Hey, this kid is going to be a really good player.' ”
Vargas, pitching on only three days' rest after offering to contribute from the bullpen Monday, had one of his best starts of the season. He threw 65 pitches — limited because of his recent work — and allowed two hits and one intentional walk, with two strikeouts in five innings.
The Mets scored off Julio Teheran (4-3) in the third on Adrian Gonzalez's double. In the seventh, Nimmo's bloop single drove in Rosario, making it 2-0.
Tim Peterson, whom the Mets called up Wednesday in a flurry of roster moves, debuted in relief of Vargas. Peterson retired the side in order in the sixth before making a single mistake in the seventh. Johan Camargo pulled a low fastball into the bleachers in right to cut the lead to 2-1. The Mets got it right back in the eighth on Gonzalez's single, his second RBI of the night, to go up 3-1.
The Mets executed on many of the things Callaway pointed out. They allowed no leadoff walks — a sticking point — and had a clean night defensively. Callaway said he's had team meetings, but hadn't had one in probably five days.
“I haven't slept well in a week,” he said. “A team meeting is not going to pull us out of this. We're not going to have a team meeting to play better defense. You can't have a team meeting and not walk the leadoff batter. The guys know what they have to do. They just have to go out there and do it.”
On Wednesday, they finally did.
Duchenne Drug Delayed After Outrage Over Price
Enlarge this image toggle caption Business Wire
In response to outrage from patients and lawmakers, Marathon Pharmaceuticals has delayed the launch of an $89,000 drug for Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
The company had announced the annual list price for Emflaza, which is a steroid, after the Food and Drug Administration approved the drug Thursday.
Emflaza is approved as an orphan drug, which means it is intended to treat a rare disease. Duchenne is an inherited disorder that causes muscles to become weak. There is no cure for the condition, which mainly affects boys, but some drugs, including Emflaza, are used to lessen symptoms.
For years, many American patients have imported deflazacort, the generic version of Emflaza, for about $1,200 a year. But because the medicine wasn't approved in the U.S., the cost of the medicine wasn't typically covered by insurers.
That contrast in price between became a flash point Monday as Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., sent a letter to Marathon on Monday morning demanding answers about the $89,000 price for a drug that isn't new. It has been used routinely by Duchenne patients in the U.S. since at least 2005.
"We believe Marathon is abusing our nation's 'orphan drug' program, which grants companies seven years of market exclusivity to encourage research into new treatments for rare diseases — not to provide companies like Marathon with lucrative market exclusivity rights for drugs that have been available for decades," Sanders and Cummings wrote.
Marathon said FDA approval would help more patients get the drug.
"Our goal in commercializing Emflaza all along has been to make it available to that broader set of patients who is a prior to FDA approval have not had access to the therapy," said a statement attributed to Marathon CEO Jeffrey Aronin that was read Monday to a meeting of parents, patients and advocates in Washington, D.C. "We are pausing our launch, which has not yet taken place. We have not sold any new product and will pause that process."
But patients and their families cried foul.
"What you're doing is robbing my insurance company," said Dana Edwards, a mother from New Jersey whose 12-year-old has taken deflazacort, the generic version of the drug, since he was 5.
Pat Furlong, the president and founder of Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy, which sponsored the Monday conference, read the statement to an outraged crowd in a conference room at the Mayflower Hotel.
"Since last week's approval, they've heard from all of us," he said. Furlong told the audience that complaints from patients helped to prompt Marathon's action.
The company, Furlong read, will continue to offer patients an expanded access program, which allows about 800 patients to receive the drug from the company. More can join that program free, and patients can continue importing the drug from Canada or "wherever they are getting it," the statement said.
In January, Kaiser Health News and NPR published an investigation that found the orphan drug law intended to help desperate patients is being manipulated by drugmakers for financial gain.
Republican Rep. Robert Aderholt, the chairman of the appropriations subcommittee that funds the FDA, called Marathon's announcement a "tipping point." And he said the astronomical increase in deflazacort's price "makes me question whether the current construct of how the FDA approves orphan drugs does more harm than good if companies have found a way to game the system."
At Monday's meeting, Marathon executives presented a slideshow on financial assistance for patients, as well as details on the drug's expected availability. Emflaza was set to hit the market by mid-March, said Eric Messner, vice president of sales and marketing for Marathon.
Messner said the drug would cost $50,000 to $54,000 after rebates and discounts to insurers. "I know there has been a lot of discussion about that. How did we arrive at the price?" Messner said.
An audience member interrupted Messner asking if the company had talked to patients and families about the price.
He offered assurance that they did and said there would be an ongoing dialogue with patient groups. "We expect that patients will experience a low or zero out-of-pocket experience," he said.
Late Monday, Marathon released an official statement and open letter to the Duchenne community, promising that "price should not be a barrier" for patients. "Put simply we expect patients will pay a standard copay of typically $20 or less per prescription.
Edwards, the New Jersey mother, said she hopes President Trump will fulfill his vow to bring down high drug prices.
Kaiser Health News' coverage of prescription drug development, costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation.
A 35-year-old man from Clitheroe who was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder has been re-bailed by police.
Police arrested the man following an alleged stabbing on Salthill Road in Clitheroe on the evening of Monday, November 13th, at around 7-30pm.
A police spokesman said that paramedics were called to an address on Salthill Road following an alleged assault and subsequently informed the police.
Following an argument a 20-year-old man was alleged assaulted with a kitchen knife and was taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital with a chest injury, but was subsequently said to be in a stable condition.
Investigations are ongoing and the 35-year-old man has been re-bailed until January 15th.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With still over two months until the 2018/19 season begins, odds are already being given for where teams will finish in the EFL Championship.
It seems a tad early to be placing predictions before clubs have barely started to go about their transfer business, and the bookies do not fancy Bristol City's chances at the moment placing them in mid-table.
Swansea City are currently favourites to win the league and bounce straight back to the Premier League. They will, of course, benefit from those huge parachute payments after relegation as will Stoke City and West Brom.
However, the Championship is arguably more physically demanding than the Premier League. Some of the players will not be used to playing twice a week for half the season, it is relentless.
If Bristol City want to compete they know they will need to add depth to their squad and try and keep hold of some big players, although it is looking increasingly likely that some will be leaving.
If you follow the players on Instagram and social media you will see they have been enjoying some downtime after the season has finished.
Some of them have been away together, showing the friendships they have developed in this squad.
When they get back from the sunshine it will be time to make some big decisions on their future. The name that keeps being mentioned is Joe Bryan.
The versatile left-footed player had a fantastic first half to the season, and although his form waned in the second half he still is attracting interest from Premier League Clubs. So what are the chances of Bryan staying?
The answer has to be very slim.
Joe Bryan's best years are yet to come and at 24 he will be looking to further his career in the best way for him now.
He is a Bristol boy but has spent time away from the area before when he went on loan to Plymouth Argyle.
It looks like City may be resigned to losing Bryan as they are rumoured to be lining up a potential replacement already.
Southampton's Sam McQueen is a left back and just like Bryan, he can also play on the left wing. He has made 20 Premier League appearances and could be a like for like replacement.
It has all been rather quiet in terms of incomings for the Robins though with the only other player strongly linked being Manchester United goalkeeper Dean Henderson.
Henderson is someone I talked about in my last column and he put in a very good performance for Shrewsbury Town at the weekend where he is on loan.
Despite Town losing the League One play-off final Henderson saved a first-half penalty and made some impressive stops.
Frank Fielding has been linked with Blackburn Rovers and Henderson could be the ideal replacement, on loan or ideally as a permanent signing.
Bristol City fans have had their say on how they think the club can improve next season.
64% of you believe recruitment must improve, but interestingly only 4% of those who answered the survey by Bristol Live said Lee Johnson was highly important.
Now West Brom have appointed Darren Moore as their permanent boss Johnson looks certain to stay, yet I am surprised only 4% of fans believe he is highly important.
Johnson has a plan and last season showed that plan partly coming together if himself and his staff can evaluate and strengthen this summer than maybe he could complete his plan of getting the Robins to the Premier League.
We are in a tough group in Asian Cup: Gurpreet
Mumbai, May 30 (PTI) Indian football team goalkeeper Gurpreet Singh Sandhu today said that his side have been placed in a tough group in next year's Asian Cup and the players will have to give their best to make an impact in the tournament.
"We can't be complacent (and) we need to work hard. If we don't put in our hard work and if are the best games don't come out, then it is difficult, because there are very good teams. Thailand, Bahrain are good teams and UAE being the home side will be a difficult side," Sandhu told reporters here.
India are clubbed in Group A along with Thailand, Bahrain and UAE in the AFC Asian Cup to be held in January next year in the UAE.
"UAE and Thailand, they missed the World Cup (qualification) by small margins, so it's a difficult group. We need to be at our best, because if we are not we have to blame ourselves," the custodian added.
Asked specifically if India would be aiming to be third best team or in the first two, Sandhu said, "We need to aim to be the best, but we can't take things for granted. We need to go as underdogs and play one game at a time, try to perform (in) one game at a time.
"Against Thailand (in the first match), we need to give our best and then take it from there, because after that you know what you are capable of," he said.
India will be playing in the Intercontinental Cup starting June 1 against New Zealand, Kenya and Chinese Taipei and Sandhu described all the three opponents as tough.
"It is a very good chance for us to start building for Asian Cup. We are lucky to have good opponents coming to India and giving us games. So we need to use this opportunity, and make sure that we perform and learn from this experience, because New Zealand, Kenya and Chinese Taipei are tough teams," he said.
Asked which areas the team needs improvements, Sandhu said, "You can't point out one specific area and you need to work on everything. We have been decent defensively."
"Conceding fewer goals is our aim to help out the team. I have to maintain good communication with my defence partners and that's what I do. My main coordination is with the centre-backs, because if I control them and tell them, they control the others."
Sandhu also praised goalkeeper Dheeraj Singh, who played in the 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup, terming the youngster a good prospect.
"Being the first choice (goalkeeper) so far has been good for me. But I can't take my place for granted. And whoever the next one is, I hope he is better than me. I have high hopes from Dheeraj because he is a very good prospect and he can do a lot for this country," he signed off.
Forward Balwant Singh said he will try to give his best in the Intercontinental Cup.
"I always try to score goals," he said
LONDON — Milos Raonic's big serve has powered the Canadian to another victory at Wimbledon.
The No. 13 seed advanced to the third round of the grass-court Grand Slam with a 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over unseeded Australian John Millman on Wednesday.
Raonic had just four break-point opportunities in the match, winning one.
But Millman did next to nothing against Raonic's serve, converting on one-of-two break-point chances. Raonic had 34 aces, compared to only three for Millman.
The 27-year-old from Thornhill, Ont., leads the ATP Tour in the past year with wins in 73.7 per cent of his tiebreaks — and Raonic continued that trend in his second-round victory.
A return to Wimbledon for the 2016 finalist seems to have given Raonic a boost. He lost in the first round of the Australian Open this year and missed the French Open with an injury, one of several health setbacks during the past few years.
Raonic also avoided a confrontation with a seeded player in the third round as qualifier Dennis Novak of Austria upset No. 17 Lucas Paille of France 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 on Tuesday.
Novak, ranked 171st in the world, defeated Canadian Peter Polansky in the first round. Novak and Raonic will be squaring off for the first time.
Later Wednesday, Gabriela Dabrowski of Ottawa and partner Yifan Xu of China, the sixth seeds in the women's doubles draw, open their tournament against American Alison Riske and Olga Savchuk of Ukraine.
Eugenie Bouchard of Westmount, Que., and No. 26 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill, Ont., are expected to play second-round matches on Thursday.
Reports: MS Dhoni's biopic could have a second installment
Aadya Sharma FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER News 1.20K // 04 Jul 2018, 13:57 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The MS Dhoni biopic was released in 2016
A sequel to MS Dhoni: The Untold Story, a biopic on former India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni could be on the cards, if reports in Mid-Day are to be believed.
Sources close to the tabloid state that the movie will pick up from where the first installment left, covering MS Dhoni's story after the 2011 World Cup triumph.
There are reports that the story could cover the return of Chennai Super Kings to the Indian Premier League, and their subsequent triumph in their comeback season. The movie could also chart India's journey in the 2015 World Cup, where they lost to Australia in the semi-finals.
The original flick had Sushant Singh Rajput in the lead role, and based on reports, he could return to play the 36-year-old wicket-keeper batsman. Ronnie Screwvala's RSVP films could be producing the sequel.
Sources close to Mid-Day were quoted as saying: "There is the thrilling win against Bangalore at the T20 this year (MS Dhoni captained the title-winning Chennai Super Kings) that can be depicted in the film. Apart from that, India's steady run, up to the semi-finals, at the 2015 World Cup will find a place in the narrative."
Under MS Dhoni's captaincy this year, the Chennai Super Kings, returning to IPL after a suspension of two years, claimed their third title, becoming the joint-most successful franchise in the tournament along with the Mumbai Indians.
In 2016, just before the release of the first movie, MS Dhoni himself had said that there shouldn't be a sequel to the movie, as it'll be 'controversial'.
"I don't think we should think about a sequel as it will be very controversial. After 2011 there were only controversies and nothing else. Nothing else is there. There will be only villains in it," Dhoni had said.
MS Dhoni: The Untold Story was released on 30th September 2016 and was the fifth-highest grossing Bollywood movie of that year.
Washington Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy made what seems like a reasonable request to umpire Alan Porter on Tuesday night.
Move a bit so I can see.
So 2b Umpire Alan Porter just told Daniel Murphy "F– you" when asked to shift in #nats game. @FightinHydrant and I are aghast. pic.twitter.com/jrd2QKPN6G — Steve Weddle (@steveweddle) June 13, 2017
Porter didn't care for the request and escalated the situation with Murphy — and at one point appeared to utter a “f–k you” in frustration.
The two apparently worked things out over the course of the game.
“Alan and I talked,” Murphy said. “I think we both understand we've got a job to do, and we were both able to discuss and work through that. By the end of the game, there were no problems whatsoever. I don't foresee there being any problems in the future, either.”
As a fan of cool heads and sanity, I should hope so. Murphy is well within his rights to ask an umpire to move slightly in order to improve his sight line. As long as he's not a jerk about it there should be no issue. A defender's positioning should always take precedence over a base umpire's, within reason.
But, a simple “please” and “thank you” can go a long way.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in his NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in the Columbus Blue Jackets' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game, and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period. Arena. Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists, and Alexander Wennberg added two assists.
Islanders starter Thomas Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois' goal. Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots he faced in relief.
With all of the offensive opportunities created by the Blue Jackets, it could have been worse.
Columbus scored on its first shot of the season when Oliver Bjorkstrand shovelled the puck out from the back wall to Milano for a 10-footer that he snapped past Greiss.
LIGHTNING 5, PANTHERS 3
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Steven Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in his return from a right knee injury and Tampa Bay beat Florida in their opener.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. He sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Roberto Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers Bob Boughner took the loss in his NHL coaching debut.
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding her new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, she told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see her personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting her dressed, and playing with her all the time. “It's just like her little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did she get her chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes she does,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is she getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The main aim of Most Haunted has always been to catch a ghost on camera - and now they think they've finally done it.
It may have taken 15 years, but we wouldn't say that's been wasted time.
Watching Yvette Fielding, Karl Beattie and Stuart Torevell running around in anticipation of ghosts and ghouls leaping out a has been fun.
We can't deny though, having actual footage does add another element of intrigue.
The video was taken at Wentworth Woodhouse Stable block, in South Yorkshire. The stable was built in 1630 by Thomas Wentworth, the first Earl of Strafford.
It doesn't sound too scary, does it? However, a translucent figure can be seen walking down the hallway.
Fielding called it "the most ground-breaking footage we have ever recorded."
You can be the judge of that.
She added: "Rather than giving us the answers we were looking for, it just gave us more questions.
"Was it the presence of the spirit of a long dead soul, a doppelganger, Stone Tape Replay or something else we are never supposed to understand?"
Karl Beattie, who was filming, said: "We've never seen anything like this before and we really don't have an explanation for what we saw but the replay of the filming, clearly shows the vision in detail. It's a weird, weird place."
People are already trying to come up with explanations for the footage, with some believeing it's just Stuart in a hoodie.
Glen HUnt - who is on hand as the sceptic of the show - said it "couldn't possibly be tampered with".
Yvette cried when seeing what they captured saying: "That is the best of paranormal evidence."
Take a look at see for yourself.
Police: 1 Suspect In Custody In N.Y. Subway Blast
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
It's a good moment for caution about what we know about an explosion in Midtown Manhattan in New York City today. What we do know, according to the New York City Police Department, is that sometime before 7:45, which is when they made an announcement, there was an explosion at the gigantic Port Authority Bus Terminal. Transit lines have been evacuated in some cases. There are mixed reports about the status of a suspect in that explosion. And there's a lot of police activity around the Port Authority Bus Terminal. And it is in that area that we find NPR's Amita Kelly. How are you doing?
AMITA KELLY, BYLINE: Hi. Good, Steve. How are you?
INSKEEP: What do you see?
KELLY: So I'm standing at the corner of 43rd Street and 8th Avenue, which is just a short walk away from where this incident happened. There's still very heavy police and fire presence. I'm outside a subway exit. One of the 42nd Street Port Authority stations has police tape all over it, and they're redirecting people a few avenues away to continue their morning commute on different subway routes.
INSKEEP: So you've got that giant subway line, the A, C and E, which runs all the way up the West Side of Manhattan.
KELLY: Exactly.
INSKEEP: And it's just, as far as you can tell, shut. Or at least in that portion in the middle of the line, it's shot.
KELLY: Exactly. Yup.
INSKEEP: Would you describe the landscape a little bit there?
KELLY: So several streets are closed off at the moment, but it's a very crowded area on a normal day. And especially through the holidays, this is sort of the heart of New York's Times Square area. So between the evacuation at Port Authority, the subway line, there's more crowd than usual flowing through. But as New Yorkers will do, most people are kind of moving on with their morning commutes, walking around the barricade. It's interesting - in Times Square - if anyone's ever been there, there are huge TVs with news displaying. So people certainly know what's happening. And this incident has been on the news. But people are mostly, you know, talking about it, talking about how it's affected their morning commute and moving on.
INSKEEP: You know, I'm not sure if people have not seen it - that they realize when we say bus terminal, just how immense this facility is. I think it covers a couple of entire blocks in Manhattan. It's a very high building. I used to commute there every day. And I'm just remembering the immense crowds that would go through there at this time in the morning.
KELLY: Right. Exactly. And now several - at least several blocks have been blocked off, including that bus terminal. So there's certainly a lot of traffic being moved elsewhere and a heavy police presence trying to help people do that. I also saw some stretchers earlier. I know there's been conflicting reports of injuries, as well. We don't know much about that at this time, but there's certainly a medical presence.
INSKEEP: Let's be clear on that. You said you saw stretchers. Did you see people on the stretchers?
KELLY: I did not.
INSKEEP: OK. So we don't really know...
KELLY: So it may have been a precaution.
INSKEEP: Exactly. No, it would be good to have the precaution. We really don't know anything about injuries at this point. And we should be frank about what we don't know. There are multiple conflicting reports about a suspect or the status of a suspect. And we're going to hold that open for now until we learn more. Can you give me an idea of the degree of tension, if any, in the city, Amita?
KELLY: There's not a lot of tension, somewhat surprisingly. But that may be normal for New York at this point. There are some people definitely worried and kind of standing outside the barricade. But I also heard officers several times tell people, don't take photos. This isn't, you know, an opportunity for photos. So it's not so much tension, I think, as people want to know what's happening and what's going on.
INSKEEP: OK. I've been looking at social media at photos of the spot. I don't think anybody's following that particular advice.
KELLY: Correct.
INSKEEP: (Laughter) But you're saying that this is - I mean, to the extent that people can, because it's New York, they're going about their commute.
KELLY: Exactly. And most of the grumbles and folks I've been speaking to and hearing here are talking mostly about their commute and, you know, what they know about the incident. But there isn't panic or a lot of widespread fear at this point.
INSKEEP: OK. Amita, thanks very much, really appreciate the update.
KELLY: Thanks, Steve.
INSKEEP: That's NPR's Amita Kelly. She is in New York City, outside the immense Port Authority Bus Terminal, where, according to the New York police, there was an explosion this morning. They sent out word of that about 7:45 Eastern Time - so some time a little bit before that in the heart of morning rush hour, when many, many thousands of people would have been passing through. We have no word on injuries and no precise word on a suspect. So we'll bring you more information as we learn it. *
INSKEEP: One block away from Times Square in New York City, there's a bus terminal that covers two square blocks. The Port Authority Bus Terminal is positioned to take in countless commuter buses from outside the city. Thousands of people use it every morning. And in a subway tunnel beneath that terminal this morning in the height of rush hour, well, something exploded. Police say one suspect is in custody. And we're going to talk through what happened with NPR's Joel Rose, who covers New York City. Hi there, Joel.
JOEL ROSE, BYLINE: Hey, Steve.
INSKEEP: Can you walk us through the timeline and what is known, what little is known, at this point?
ROSE: Right. We're awaiting a press briefing momentarily to get hopefully more information about this incident. But we know it's shortly after 7:00 a.m. this morning, between 7:00 and 8:00 a.m., as you said, right in the the meat of the morning rush hour, there was an explosion at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue in the subway. As you note, that's below the Port Authority Bus Terminal, which is said to be the busiest in North America. Hundreds of thousands of daily riders go through there. Police say one male suspect is in custody.
And the fire department says there are injuries, four injuries reported so far, but none of them are life threatening, according to the fire department. But again, there's a suspect, one - a man and he is in custody, according to police.
INSKEEP: OK, so a mixture of reports about exactly what happened. And we should treat all information at this point with caution, with skepticism because things change in a developing story. But the sense that we get is that someone caused that explosion in the subway. It must not have been all that large an explosion, given how crowded a subway tunnel can be and the limited number of injuries. And the person who is blamed for - the suspect who is in some way connected, I guess we should say, to this explosion, according to police, is is in custody. Is that right?
ROSE: Yeah, I mean, I think you've got those dots and, you know, I think those dots are correct and how we connect them is, you know, as you say, you want to be cautious until there's more information out there. And hopefully there will be soon. But, right, I mean, if there was an explosion in the subway at this extremely busy Times Square subway station at rush hour, there would be hundreds or even thousands of people in the station, hundreds on any given platform if a train had just come in.
Yeah, and so I think if four injuries is the total number for this incident, you know, that suggests whatever the explosion was was not terribly powerful. But, you know, it's early and I don't think we want to draw too many conclusions yet.
INSKEEP: Hey, Joel, I know you live in New Jersey and work in Manhattan. Are you one of the people who sometimes takes a bus into that terminal?
ROSE: No, I'm one of the fortunate commuters using Penn Station.
INSKEEP: Oh, you take a train in instead.
ROSE: Yeah, which is no bargain either. But Port Authority is, you know, it's the busiest bus station in North America. Hundreds of thousands of commuters every day, mainly from New Jersey. But, you know, people come in from all over - from the Hudson Valley, from Pennsylvania, from, you know, points south and west. So it's a major portal into the city. It is right next to Times Square, the Lincoln Tunnel. You know, The New York Times headquarters is across the street. I mean, it's one of the busiest corners in all of New York.
INSKEEP: And now let's bring up - a number of officials, including Bill de Blasio, the mayor, have now come to the microphones. Let's give a listen for a few minutes.
(SOUNDBITE OF PRESS BRIEFING)
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: ...Passageway between 42nd and 8th, and 42nd and 7th. The governor is going to speak. The mayor's going to speak. I'm going to give you some more details. Dan Nigro's going to talk about some of the minor injuries and then Joe Lhota's going to talk about subway service. Governor?
ANDREW CUOMO: Thank you. Good morning to everyone. The first news this morning was obviously very frightening and disturbing, when you hear about a bomb in the subway station, which is in many ways one of our worst nightmares. The reality turns out better than the initial expectation and fear. You had a number of law enforcement agencies that did a fantastic job - the NYPD, the BAPD, the Port Authority Police, the MTA police. They were all on it.
You see behind us representatives of all the agencies coordinated. The assistant director of the FBI Bill Sweeney is here. So everyone worked together. There was an explosion. The police commissioner will go over the details. It was a minor - it was an effectively low-tech device. There were several injuries, we hope minor. And it was handled extraordinarily well. There was a disruption in train service and bus service while a sweep was being done. That's all being restored now, as you'll hear from Joe Lhota. The subway station - subway service except at 42nd Street is being restored. The Port Authority bus terminal has reopened so buses will be running once again.
This is New York. The reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom. We have the Statue of Liberty in our harbor, and that makes us an international target. We understand that. With the internet now, anyone can go on the internet and download garbage and vileness on how to put together an amateur-level explosive device. And that is the reality that we live with.
The counter reality is that this is New York, and we all pitch together. And we are a savvy people, and we keep our eyes open. And that's what See Something, Say Something is all about. And we have the best law enforcement on the globe. And we're all working together extraordinarily well. I want to thank the mayor and the mayor's office for doing a great job this morning. And we will go forward, and we'll go forward together. All the service will resume. Let's go back to work. We're not going to allow them to disrupt us. That's exactly what they want.
INSKEEP: And that's Andrew Cuomo, the governor of New York state, standing on the street outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan today and giving us a little bit of information about an explosion. Someone caused that explosion in a subway tunnel underneath the giant bus terminal. According to the fire department, four people were injured, none of the injuries are said to be life-threatening. Governor Cuomo described the prospect of such a rush-hour attack as one of our worst nightmares but says the reality has turned out better than feared.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Then he wrote: “Me taking this time right now is me saying I want to be SUSTAINABLE. I want my career to be sustainable, but I also want my mind heart (sic) and soul to be sustainable. So that I can be the man I want to be, the husband I eventually want to be and the father I want to be.”
While the repeated use of “sustainable” made him sound like endangered cod, it turns out Bieber was swimming with sincerity. He had gazed into the abyss of celebrity malfeasance and winced at his antics. He hated what he had become.
He wasn't ducking responsibility. He was climbing on top of it.
And now when I gaze into my Bieber crystal ball, I don't see mug shots and international incidents. I see wedding vows and car seats in the back of a supercar. I see Bieber erasing the folly of his past by striving for a better tomorrow.
I see him eventually ferrying his kids to little league and coming home with anniversary roses. I see Bieber and Baldwin — or maybe it'll be Selena Gomez at the altar — hosting dinner parties with other shockingly boring married couples who nibble on canapés while debating politics, private schools and luxury vacations.
I see Bieber removing his tattoos and giving Bible lessons to troubled youth. I see him knocking it off with the PDA — in the last two weeks Bieber and Baldwin have made out in public more times than Nikki Bella and John Cena have broken up — and gradually protecting his relationship inside a cocoon of privacy, where publicity is no longer craved and growing old together is the unspoken goal.
And you know what? We should all be happy for him.
Sure, I may professionally mourn the loss of a reliable crap-disturber. If Bieber isn't spitting on fans or vandalizing foreign monuments, if he isn't getting into trouble, this will likely cost me six to eight columns over the next five years. But while a part of me may secretly wish for drama between Bieber and The Weeknd, or an incident in which Bieber is arrested for dropkicking a sports mascot, there shall be no requiem for a bad boy, not today.
Justin Bieber was a lost soul adrift in a playground of material excess. Fame didn't sneak up on him — it took him hostage. He was a superstar teen with unlimited potential and resources, but dubious supervision and guidance.
Throughout his meteoric rise, Bieber's life was going sideways.
Now he's altering the trajectory.
At long last, now he's finally in control.
Vinay Menon is the Toronto Star's pop culture columnist based in Toronto. Follow him on Twitter: @vinaymenon
Surprise, Trump's Education Ideas Are Polarizing
In the last year, there's been a big drop in support for charter schools, while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular. That's the top line of a national poll released today.
Loading...
President Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda. The general idea of "choice," however, takes many forms.
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars, charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts.
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools.
Tax-credit scholarships, now available in 17 states, which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition.
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting, according to a new poll from EducationNext, an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas. They've been asking similar questions for the past decade.
Here are the latest results:
Charters: Last year 51 percent of the public supported "the formation of charter schools"; this year it's just 39 percent, a 12 point drop in one year.
Vouchers: 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers. That's a bounce from last year, but more or less in line with the five years before.
Tax credits: This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year; also a one-year bounce, but in line with longer-term trends.
There's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools. The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups.
"That's the largest change on any survey item, and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we've seen over the 11-year history of the survey," Martin West, the editor-in-chief of EducationNext, said on a press conference call.
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue. In theory, it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community, yet still oppose new ones.
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over.
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools (the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools). The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap. Detroit's proliferation of charters has been labeled "a glut" and "chaos." And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles, one of the biggest public school districts in the country.
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party, and there's a clear partisan divide on many issues, even as public opinion shifts. Last year, for example, 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers, against 45 percent of Republicans. This year they've switched places: 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree.
Zeroing in on that political divide, pollsters also measured what they called the "Trump effect." That is, how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it, while Democrats are the opposite. However, Trump's net influence is nearly nil, which makes him less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009. Back then, when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue, they were more likely to back it, by double digits.
This poll, then, serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind.
Still, there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical: approval of the local public schools. 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A.
An F-35 flight simulator sits dormant during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 15, 2017. The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness. The simulators increase safety, proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID: 3166510 VIRIN: 170215-M-ON157-0098 Resolution: 5054x3369 Size: 9.42 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 7 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Local media gains new insight [Image 1 of 17], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
BOSTON -- Patrice Bergeron is no stranger to the Donato family -- often spending time at Ted Donato's home in Scituate while getting his bearings as a rookie during the 2003-04 season.
As an 18-year-old fresh out of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, Bergeron relied on veterans such as Donato as a steadying presence while trying to get acclimated to a lifestyle as a professional hockey player.
Fourteen years later, Bergeron hopes to return the favor as a veteran leader to Donato's son, Ryan -- who will make his NHL debut with Boston Monday night against the Columbus Blue Jackets.
"His dad was so nice to me from training camp on," Bergeron said. "I felt pretty lucky to have great veterans like I did. I'm trying to do the same thing with him."
Bergeron, who skated with Ted Donato during the Dedham native's final season of pro hockey, noted that Ryan was a usual sight at the Bruins' facilities -- usually skating with his father once practice wrapped up for the day.
"It's definitely different," Bergeron said of playing with both Ted and Ryan Donato. "When I was 18 years old, I was coming in and playing with his dad. That first year, he was skating a few times after practice as a young kid.
"So now he's in the locker room and he's going to be part of the team. It's definitely different, but he comes from a great family and I hope I can help him as much as Teddy did."
Ryan has followed in his father's footsteps from the collegiate level to the pro ranks -- tallying 104 points over three seasons at Harvard before signing his entry-level contract with the Black and Gold Sunday night.
For Bergeron, who is in the midst of his 14th season in Boston, skating with both father and son has made him feel his age a bit. But not too much.
"It doesn't make me feel any younger," the 32-year-old Bergeron said. "I still think I am. Still have a few years ahead of me. Like I said, it's a little weird to see that. But I guess that's where I'm at in my career."
NEW YORK — Russell Westbrook has been fined $10,000 and assessed a postgame technical foul for initiating a confrontation with Utah Jazz centre Rudy Gobert on Monday.
The league made the announcement Tuesday.
The Oklahoma City Thunder guard came onto the court as a substitution following a stoppage with 7:55 remaining in the fourth quarter of a 113-96 Game 4 loss to the Jazz. He intervened in an incident between Gobert and Oklahoma City backup point guard Raymond Felton.
Westbrook committed four fouls in the first half and finished with five. He had 23 points and 14 rebounds, but had just three assists and made 7 of 18 shots.
We're constantly fascinated by what our zodiac sign says about our lives, whether it's which signs are most compatible or how each sign handles conflict in relationships. That's why Bustle has enlisted Mecca Woods, a New York City-based astrologer of MyLifeCreated.com, to tell us all about how astrology is affecting our lives each day. Today's topic: your daily horoscope for March 19, 2018.
As the Moon gets ready to move into laid-back Taurus later this evening, we might find ourselves toiling away furiously during the first half of the day with the Moon still in passionate Aries. Near the the late afternoon, the Aries Moon syncs up with rebellious Uranus in Aries, which can be good for innovative ideas or breaking away from something that's run its course. Later tonight when the Moon shifts into Taurus, the vibe calms down significantly, as we focus on comfort and practicalities. A few hours later, the Taurus Moon syncs up with hardworking Mars in Capricorn, which could be good for sensual pleasure as well as burning the midnight oil.
Read below to see what the stars mean for your sign today and check out your March 2018 monthly horoscope.
Aries (March 21 - April 19)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Your focus turns to financial matters today and you've got your eye on the prize. This could be a good day for job hunting and getting your name out to the people that you want to work with. If you plan on staying put, you could get on the radar of a VIP with a bold yet strategic move.
Taurus (April 20 - May 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You should be feeling a wave of inspiration today, which could have you ready to embark on a new journey or at the very least, defend something you believe in with great passion. If you find yourself feeling restless, try and channel that energy into a new project or learning opportunity.
Gemini (May 21 - June 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
It's time for you to dial things down a notch but you may have a hard time getting settled. This could be a good time for working on something quietly behind the scenes or getting in some quality time with your lover. Either way, you can burn off some energy. Don't stew in your feelings.
Cancer (June 21 - July 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You get all the help you need from your friends today, who'll be waiting in the wings to cheer you on or offer you a pep talk if you need one. By that same token, some may come calling on you. Though you give so much already, don't feel obligated to answer the call unless you want to.
Leo (July 23 - Aug. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You probably won't need a energy drink because the cosmos is bringing you all the energy you need. If you've been slogging through a project or need an extra push towards the finish line, you should receive the second wind you need to see things through. Go forth and conquer the day.
Virgo (Aug. 23 - Sept. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
It's time for you to let loose and have some fun, as you could use the break. Whether you decide to hang with friends or fly solo, do something that inspires and invigorates you. Meanwhile, romance could be a bright spot too. There's nothing sexier than how you feel when you're having fun.
Libra (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Someone may get under your skin, most likely someone you live with or a family member. While you shouldn't swallow your feelings, know that you have a choice as to how you respond. Though if you need to make your feelings known, by all means do so. The truth will set you free.
Scorpio (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21)
Tina Gong/Bustle
Be mindful of the conversations you get into today. Some might be inspiring and helpful while others may be a drain and a waste of your time. When it comes to an idea, a collaboration with someone could get it off the ground. Have clients? You could make some new ones today.
Sagittarius (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You've been working so hard, you might be in the mood to splurge on yourself today. If it doesn't hurt your wallet, go ahead and indulge. When it comes to money matters, you might want to watch for sudden expenses. In the meantime, you may be able to uncover a new financial opportunity.
Capricorn (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You might be feeling quite sexy today. You've got the green light from the universe to revel in this lusty energy. You deserve. As such, your romantic options could increase or you may find your honey unable to keep their hands off of you. If you're feeling creative, go with it. It's good.
Aquarius (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18)
Tina Gong/Bustle
You might find yourself in your feelings. Though you should give yourself space to feel what you feel, try not to wallow in it. Use art as a form of therapy or mediation to help you clear your mind and shift any negative thoughts. Don't be shy about leaning on your family or friends either.
Pisces (Feb. 19 - March 20)
Tina Gong/Bustle
It's time to seriously think how you can get your message out into the world, especially if you've been thinking about starting a podcast, writing an article, or launching a website. How can you best put materials out into the world that can help market you in your sleep? Consider your options.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I don't know about you but my will to live is slowly draining away due to Brexit.
Just hearing the word, let alone details of the growing incompetence of those supposedly delivering it, makes me nauseous. It's left me so disorientated that I recently found myself more enthused by Nigel Farage than Jeremy Corbyn .
Farage said it might be a good idea for those who voted for a brick up the Channel Tunnel-style Brexit to demand a second referendum , win it, and kill the debate for good. His ­sidekick Arron Banks agreed.
Meanwhile, Corbyn told us “that ship has sailed” leaving many ­questioning if he was ever on board.
Farage, fearing a backlash, later denied he'd made the call even though he's on the record. And as someone who voted Remain, but has spent the last 18 months thinking another ­referendum would be as appealing as a rugger boys' night out with Nigel and Arron, I now agree with him.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
So many lies and so much fear and ignorance about what Brexit meant were spread by both sides at the ­referendum that this country has seemed lost ever since. Its sense of common purpose has gone and it's slowly losing its marbles.
Europe asks us what we want but our Government can't tell them because there is no united view, so there is no negotiating position.
A nation that was once admired for resolve and certainty is being mocked as a shambles.
And although many Leavers put that down to the sulking apathy of Remainers, it is really down to a Tory party that is terminally crippled over its view of Britain's place in the modern world.
So paranoid and weak is Theresa May she won't even publish her own Government's analysis which suggests our economy will be worse off ­whatever the Brexit deal, in case the Brextremists try to sack her.
As Anna Soubry pointed out, it is turning into a “battle to the death” in the Tory party, with those wanting a complete break with Europe prepared to take the country down with them.
Usually I'd buy a front-seat ticket to watch Tories kill themselves but I've got three kids and their future concerns me far more. So I'd like the two of voting age, like every other UK citizen, to have a say on the final deal.
(Image: Getty)
Britain may have voted for Brexit but until we have an idea what it looks like, how can we know it's right for us? You don't look at a secondhand car you fancy online and buy it there and then. You go and see it, kick the wheels, see if the mileage clock has been turned back and then decide.
Since June 2016, it has become clear that what we were asked to vote on was based on lies , fear, guesswork and emotion. When a deal is struck we'll have a more accurate picture of what Brexit means, risks, challenges, benefits, warts and all.
It's surely in the interests of every Leave, Remain or Don't Know voter to take a final, binding decision then.
How about these three options: Accept the deal and leave? Reject it and leave without any deal? Stay in?
Then get on with life, knowing this is the definitive, ­unchallengeable will of the people.
At the very least this might help to stave off the collective nervous breakdown we're
all currently hurtling towards.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Extraordinary footage has captured a brazen couple performing sex acts on one another in a parked car before they were interrupted by police.
Onlookers filmed the shameless pair engaged in lewd behaviour on the roof of a multi-storey car park in Inverness, Scotland, on Sunday evening.
Two women who filmed the video provided a running commentary on the unidentified couple, who appear blissfully unaware they have been caught until two police officers arrive.
A five-and-a-half minute long video, which appears to be filmed from a flat looking onto the roof of car park, was circulated widely online yesterday, but has since been removed.
Footage begins with the couple kissing enthusiastically inside a white Vauxhall.
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
It then cuts to the woman beginning to perform a sex act on the unidentified man - while one of those filming shouts: ‘You go girl, get down there.”
(Image: Deadline News)
Moments later one of the women filming shrieks: “Oh my god, in broad f****** daylight Rose Street car park.”
The women commentating continue to gasp and laugh as the couple show no signs of stopping.
The footage then cuts to an unidentified dark-haired woman getting out of the Vauxhall and getting into the back seat of the car.
(Image: Deadline News)
The women are in hysterics as they try to work out what the couple are doing.
The footage cuts out, and then shows two uniformed police officers walking up the ramp to the roof of the car park.
The women can barely contain their laughter as the two officers stride towards the parked car - and its unaware occupants.
(Image: Deadline News)
Moments later the couple can be seen getting out of the car looking dishevelled, while the woman pulls her dress down.
The clip ends with the women sniggering, and a still picture of the couple beside a policeman captioned: “Dirty b*****.”
A police spokesman said: "The matter was reported to Police Scotland and those involved have been given appropriate advice about their behaviour.
"There were no charges brought forward."
We protest for peace, and then vote leaders into office who maintain perpetual war. We support animal rights while wearing leather shoes and eating a rib-eye steak. We live in a constant state of contradiction, our lives continuously straddling between that which we know to be true definitely, and that which we need to be true momentarily. It's a simulation error, a flaw in our loop that enables us to be both victim and perpetrator, sympathizer and aggressor. So, yes, we are law-abiding citizens even though we constantly get speeding tickets. And, yes, we are against misogyny, but we still listen to R. Kelly. And as an individual, we admonish others when we witness them contradict themselves, only to be indignant and oblivious to our own contradictions.
America itself is a lesson in contradictions. Our history is full of inconsistency. English settlers arrived in the New World seeking freedom from persecution, and the result was the persecution and annihilation of the indigenous people of this land. Our Declaration of Independence, a document that states that all men are created equal, was written in 1776 at a time when Black slaves were treated as less than human. Most recently, we elected a president who lost by three million votes. And quite like the individual, our country ignores its own conflicting ideals while correcting and directing other nations towards democracy and freedom.
This week, Donald Trump delivered his first State of the Union Address. It was weird. It was like listening to a malcontent substitute teacher trying to discuss the class syllabus – you don't want to be in the class, he doesn't want to be in the class and he's never even read the syllabus, so he's misconstruing even the simplest concepts. I have never seen a State of the Union Address quite like that. He spoke about MS-13 as if they were ISIS. He spoke about ISIS as if they were eradicated. Then he said we should beef up our nuclear weaponry. Our country has almost 7,000 nuclear warheads, enough to blow the earth up into dust 700 times, and he wants to produce more. He read from his prompter with a monotonous drag that made it difficult to gauge his level of energy. Was he trying to be deliberate? Or did he need his reading glasses to see the words on the prompter? His speech was full of profiles of courage and light on analysis of nation, like a meat loaf that's more bread crumbs than meat. And he clapped for himself and for others a lot, his meaty paws made an annoying slapping sound into his mic while he clapped. I tried to remember whether or not Obama used to clap during his speeches. If he did, it was done with far more grace and tact.
While speaking about his motion to name Jerusalem the capital of Israel, he referred to the nations that voted against that move, implying that they were not America's friends. 128 nations voted against Trump's motion. The UK, France, Germany and Spain all voted against it. Should we believe Trump in thinking that those nations are not our friends? The speech itself didn't bother me though, I recognize who Trump is by now, a clumsy, belligerent man who loves power but doesn't understand the beautiful responsibility in it, like a big doofy child that spends his day killing ants with his thumb just because he likes to see them die. What bothered me was the reaction of his audience, for it was they who offered resounding applause to some of the most idiotic statements a president could ever make. A more perfect union is impossible when politicians placate to party lines over serving the people. I found myself screaming at the telly, “You can't be serious! You're clapping for that nonsense?? Who are you people!” But I realize who they are and who we are. We are Americans, a nation conflicted with contradictions. We don't do as we say. We don't say what we mean. And we fight tyranny abroad, only to sit in a room, listen to the edict of tyranny and stand and applaud it. Shame on us!
THE rivalry between Leeds Rhinos and Castleford Tigers will be just as passionate on the pitch as it will be in the stands of Old Trafford where the crowd will comfortably exceed the number of unfortunate souls at Wembley to witness England qualifies for football's World Cup.
Two proud rugby communities from Yorkshire going head-to-head for the Grand Final, it is undoubtedly the biggest game in Castleford's 91-year history while Leeds – serial winners of their sport's showcase event – have high standards and expectations of thier own to meet.
And then there's the human stories – Castleford's talisman Luke Gale, this year's Man of Steel, leading the charge three weeks after having his appendix removed or Rob Burrow, the smallest man in the sport, playing his final game for Leeds Rhinos before hanging up his boots.
Thankfully this is one final where Yorkshire can't lose, not least because of the values that both clubs hold dear on and off the field.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The cast of Coronation Street have been spotted filming scenes where David Platt appears in court ahead of a shock storyline which sees the rape victim jailed for his attack on Gary Windass.
David has been suffering on screen for weeks after he was drugged and raped by his former friend Josh Tucker.
The traumatised hairdresser will soon miss a court date after he made a brutal attack on Gary at a boxing fundraiser which put the builder in a coma.
(Image: Mark Campbell/MCPIX)
(Image: Mark Campbell/MCPIX)
A warrant will be issued for his arrest. and rather than run away David will hand himself into the authorities, and it has been said he may be in prison for months.
A Corrie insider told the Daily Star : “David's head is all over the place and he completely forgets he is due in court.
“He hands himself in the following day, but it's too late. The courts do not take kindly to anyone failing to turn up and he is put on remand until his trial.
(Image: Mark Campbell/MCPIX)
(Image: Mark Campbell/MCPIX)
“He could be inside for months, which is going to be heartbreaking to watch given everything he is going through.”
The rape victim will please with Imran Habeeb, his lawyer, to help him out but he will be remanded in custody until a new court date becomes available, which may be months.
His tormentor, Josh, will be free to roam the streets and it has been said he will even go on dates with Alya Nazir.
(Image: Mark Campbell/MCPIX)
(Image: Mark Campbell/MCPIX)
David has been through a great deal in just a few weeks; viewers were shocked to see David self harm, to hit on his friend Maria Sutherland and in yesterday's episode, Sleep with his grandmother's intern.
The cast, including Tina O'Brien as David's sister Sarah Platt, Helen Worth as his mum Gail McIntyre, Mikey North as Gary Windass, Julia Goulding as David's ex Shona Ramsey and Charlie De Melo as David's solicitor Imran were seen heading to the court for filming, along with Jack P. Shepherd who plays David.
Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays from 7.30pm on ITV.
Annual International Film Festival will take place in Issyk-Kul region in the beginning of summer. Parliamentary Committee on Social Issues, Education, Science, Culture and Health Care reported.
According to the deputy Kanybek Imanaliev, the festival will be held with the aim of developing cultural ties and friendship between the peoples, stimulating filmmakers, and development of tourism in Kyrgyzstan .
The Interparliamentary Assembly of the CIS will be the founder.
Project has been on hold due to Trans Mountain pipeline dispute
An image of what a Western Canada Marine Response Corporation base could look like on Nanaimo's south downtown waterfront. (WCMRC image)
Proposed marine oil spill response stations that were in danger of being dead in the water have been revived.
Western Canada Marine Response Corporation, the organization responsible for cleaning up oil spills along the province's coast, will resume its plan to construct response stations around Vancouver Island.
The plans were put on hold in April as a result of Kinder Morgan's decision to suspend all non-essential spending related to the Trans Mountain pipeline. However, following the federal government's decision purchase the pipeline from Kinder Morgan for $4.5 billion, WCMRC has decided to carry forward with their project.
Michael Lowry, communications manager with WCMRC, said his company expects to continue with the project as soon as possible.
“I won't have any details … until our board meets next Friday,” he said. “But basically, our enhancement plan is tied to the commencement of the pipeline, so if that is moving ahead, then we are moving ahead.”
RELATED: Nanaimo could be home to new oil spill response station
RELATED: Nanaimo could become oil spill response hub
RELATED: Work could start this spring on oil-spill-response dock in Nanaimo
RELATED: Oil spill response base in Nanaimo postponed
WCMRC intends the Nanaimo base to be its operations base for Vancouver Island, which, once completed, would be home to 15 vessels and employ 35 people. The base is part of a $150-million spill response enhancement program mandated by the National Energy Board. As part of that program, WCMRC plans to open additional spill response bases in Sidney, Port Alberni, Ucluelet and Beecher Bay.
Prior to WCMRC's decision to postpone the project, the company had hosted an open house and was accepting resumés for a variety of positions at the Nanaimo base. Lowry said now that the pipeline is moving ahead, WCMRC will continue accepting applications.
“The vessel plan, the base plan and the hiring plan will resume,” he said.
nicholas.pescod@nanaimobulletin.com
Like us on Facebook or follow Nicholas Pescod on Twitter
U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Monday as gains in technology and energy companies outweighed losses among makers of packaged foods and other consumer goods. The start of trading in Bitcoin futures helped lift shares in companies that accept the virtual currency. Oil prices rose.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,655 as of 10:07 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 37 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,366. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,855. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 2 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,524.
CENTRAL BANK WATCH: Investors have their eye this week on the Federal Reserve, which is scheduled to issue an interest rate policy update on Wednesday. The Fed is expected to lift rates by 0.25 percent. That would be the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year.
TECH SWELL: Gains among technology companies helped lift the market. Advanced Micro Devices rose 12 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $10.06.
Advertisement
BITCOIN: Trading in Bitcoin futures began Sunday. They fell slightly in early trading Monday from their overnight high on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract that expires in January was trading at $17,800. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000 and on Friday was at $16,551 on the private exchange Coindesk.
Overstock.com, which accepts Bitcoin, surged $7.63, or 16.9 percent, to $52.70.
ICAHN DO IT: Xerox shares rose on news that Carl Icahn will nominate four directors to the company's board. One Xerox director linked to Icahn resigned as the activist investor called off a standstill agreement with Xerox that started in June 2016. Xerox added 18 cents, or 0.6 percent, to $29.77.
UNAPPETIZING: Several packaged food and beverage stocks were trading lower. Hormel Foods slid 51 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $36.73.
BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent from 2.38 percent late Friday.
ENERGY: The price of oil edged up, with benchmark U.S. crude gaining 19 cents to $57.56 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 46 cents to $63.86 per barrel in London.
The pickup in oil prices helped boost energy sector stocks. Chesapeake Energy added 12 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $3.80.
CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 113.42 yen from 113.51 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1789 from $1.1768.
MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX was little changed, while the CAC 40 in France slipped 0.1 percent. Britain's added 0.8 percent. Earlier in Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent. India's Sensex rose 0.2 percent. Shares in Southeast Asia also rose.
NATIONAL
WASHINGTON -- The White House said Monday that new sanctions on North Korea will be announced upon completion of a "legal process."
US President Donald Trump vowed last month to impose "additional major sanctions" on North Korea in response to its launch of a powerful new intercontinental ballistic missile.
No announcement has been made yet.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders. (EPA-Yonhap)
"We're working through a legal process," White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said during a regular news briefing. "It's a little bit more complicated and once we get through that, we'll be able to walk through a little bit more detail on the reason for some of the delay."The Trump administration has tightened economic sanctions on the communist regime to stop it from developing nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles capable of delivering them to the US mainland.In recent weeks, US officials have called for a cut-off of oil supplies from China to North Korea and maritime interdictions of vessels transporting goods to and from the regime.South Korea on Monday implemented new sanctions against the North. Twenty North Korean entities and 12 individuals were blacklisted for their suspected role in advancing the weapons programs.Asked about the reported nomination of Victor Cha as US ambassador to Seoul, Sanders declined to comment."I don't have any personnel announcements or comments on that at this time," she said. (Yonhap)
New Delhi: Gold prices ended steady at Rs 28,300 per ten grams on the first trading day of 2017 Monday on scattered demand from local jewellers.
Absence of cues from global markets which are closed, mainly kept gold prices unaltered here.
However, silver declined by Rs 100 to Rs 39,300 per kg owing to reduced offtake by industrial units.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX), gold for delivery in February traded higher by Rs 83, or 0.30 percent, to Rs 27,528 per 10 grams.
Analysts said building up of positions by speculators led to rise in gold prices at futures trade but absence of cues from global markets, which remained closed, capped the gains.
Traders said absence of cues from global markets which are closed, mainly kept gold prices unaltered here.
In the national capital, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 percent purity ruled flat at Rs 28,300 and Rs 28,150 per 10 grams, respectively. It had lost Rs 200 on the last trading session of 2016 on Saturday.
On the other hand, silver ready drifted lower by Rs 100 to Rs 39,300 per kg, while weekly-based delivery rose by Rs 495 to Rs 39,195 per kg.
New York's Long-Awaited Second Avenue Subway Finally Leaves The Station
toggle caption Seth Wenig/AP
Hundreds came out New Year's Day to ride the train in New York City, cheering as the train left the station. That may sound odd, but this wasn't just any subway or any old station, it was the stuff of urban legend: the Second Avenue subway line.
To understand the crowd, you have to go back to the 1920s when the idea for the subway line was first floated, but never left the station because the Depression hit.
The idea was revived again in the 1950s as a replacement for the elevated trains, but city planner Robert Moses decided to spend money building expressways instead.
A Look At NYC's Overburdened Subway System With The MTA Chief A Look At NYC's Overburdened Subway System With The MTA Chief Listen · 10:06 10:06
In 1968, the city finally got federal funding to build a subway on Second Avenue. It was expected to cost $220 million. The TV show Mad Men even worked in a reference to the plan when Peggy Olson, one of the main characters, goes apartment hunting on the East Side that year on the show.
But it didn't happen because in 1975 the city was broke.
By the 1990s overcrowding on the sole East side line had become untenable so the idea for a Second Avenue subway line was revived, and in 2004, a plan was approved. The first phase would include three new stations that go from 72nd Street to 96th Street. The Metropolitan Transit Authority even gave a deadline: 2013. And a cost: $3.8 billion.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Seth Wenig/AP Seth Wenig/AP
But the public was skeptical, as that deadline was pushed back to 2015 and costs crept up. The MTA finally settled on Dec. 31, 2016.
On New Year's Eve, at a newly renovated station on 72nd Street, Gov. Andrew Cuomo held an opening night party. There was a five-piece band, a newsstand was converted into a beer bar, and the cavernous station was filled with purple, pink and orange lights. The governor helped secure more than a billion dollars in federal funding for the project and the MTA, and appoints their board members. At the New Year's Eve party he told the more than 500 invited guests that the Second Avenue Subway is vindication of his vision.
"We needed to show people that government works and we can still do big things and great things and we can still get them done," Cuomo said.
The final cost for the three stations, and two miles of track was $4.5 billion. And on Sunday morning, it officially opened to the public.
"I am so excited. I've been waiting for this for years and I'm thrilled to be on the first train," said 50-year-old Lillian Redel.
Redel, who lives nearby, says the new line will shave nearly 20 minutes off her commute. And the new stations filled with colorful tile art, including 12 portraits by the artists Chuck Close, are snazzy.
Enlarge this image toggle caption MTA/Office of New York Gov. Cuomo/AP MTA/Office of New York Gov. Cuomo/AP
"I love the high ceilings, it looks like there might be some soundproofing so I'm really pleased about that," she said.
And this announcement is sweet music to her ears: "This is a Brooklyn-bound Q train via the Second Avenue line."
Nine-year-old train enthusiast Jared Margulis was impressed with the clean elevators, but had one suggestion: "I think they got to work on the train, because the train did not say the right stop that the train is going to."
Residents are concerned that the new line will also bring higher rents that could push long-time residents out. The next phase will extend the line to 125th Street and is estimated to cost $6 billion. Tunneling could start in the next two years.
Young people can combat elitism with inclusion, Pope Francis told a global audience on Friday. He was taking part in a Google Hangout with youth from around the world.
He said “everyone has meaning,” even though the world will try to exclude certain people.
Society “is accustomed to excluding, to select, to attack, to shut out people,” he said.
He told his audience inclusion starts from when you realise you, yourself, have a meaning.
When you realise this it “is in your hands” to discover meaning in your life and in knowing what you are like and your own potential.
Knowing they can do this, people can also then give the same meaning to others he said.
This is the third time Pope Francis has use the Hangout to meet young people from around the world.
It was timed to coincide with the opening of a new Vatican office of Scholas Occurentes. Francis started Scholas when he was Archbishop of Buenos Aires.
This is an international move in schools “to encourage social integration and the culture of encounter through technology, arts, and sports”.
Francis said Scholas isn't like the world, but instead it will “include, shake hands, give a hug, [refrain from] attack, and recognize that no one is a ‘no'… everyone is a ‘yes,' a ‘yes' for them and a ‘yes' for others. To include, a ‘yes' to give.”
Francis praised groups from Italy, Colombia, Haiti, Paraguay, Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Spain, and the United Arab Emirates for their “culture of encounter” at the global meeting.
Each group took turns giving a short presentation on the impact of their local “Scholas Ciaudadania” group.
Source
News category: World.
Before 'Love, Simon': Coming Out And Coming-Of-Age At The Movies
toggle caption IFC Films
The process of coming to terms with one's sexuality varies widely, depending on the individual — it can be scary, invigorating, heartbreaking, life-affirming; usually it's some complex combination of those feelings and more. What does not vary in the process of coming out is the fact that it is a process. It has a timeline, and not necessarily a smooth one. It's marked by fits and starts, denials and avowals, fraught conversations in somebody's car, the fear of rejection and, hopefully, the relief of acceptance.
Which is probably why we keep making movies about it.
In American films like Making Love (1982), In & Out (1997), Beginners (2010) and 4th Man Out (2016), the process of coming out is complicated by the fact that it occurs later in life than is usual. That fact also serves, intentionally or not, to cause these films to concern themselves more expressly with Queer Identity than Queer Desire.
It's not a zero-sum game, of course: Coming out is an affirmation of Queer Identity, but it's bound up inextricably with Queer Desire. Yet movies keep artificially separating the two to focus on one over the other. Last year's Call Me By Your Name was awash in Queer Desire — lush, sultry, sun-dappled, stone-fruited Queer Desire — but kept questions of Queer Identity firmly at bay. In 2016's Moonlight, Queer Desire takes up negative space, because it's true subject is its main character's adamant denial of that Desire, and the heartbreaking lengths he'll go in refusing to acknowledge his Queer Identity.
The British, oddly, seem less hung up on keeping Identity and Desire in separate fiefdoms — in their movies, anyway. Films like Beautiful Thing (1996) and Get Real (1998) are about the process of coming out, but they also feature matter-of-fact depictions of queer sexuality. This may have something to do with the fact that both take place in and around an upper school (that is, high school) setting, a roiling sea of hormones and impulses.
Love, Simon is also set in a high school, and also features a young man struggling to come out — it's the story of its main character's private and public acknowledgement of his Queer Identity. But once again that familiar apportioning occurs — Simon's sexuality is kept feathery and abstract, and any depiction of same-sex attraction is saved for the film's emotional crescendo.
It's entirely intentional — in interviews, filmmaker Greg Berlanti says Love, Simon presents a well-scrubbed version of the coming out process so that queer kids can finally see an idealized version of themselves onscreen. That's admirable, even if the film's chaste attitude toward sex means they're seeing only a part of a version of themselves onscreen.
Love, Simon isn't the first film to tackle what it's like to come out in high school, but it is the first one released by a major studio. That means it's likely to be seen by a much wider audience than any of the films listed below, which were smaller, quirkier, independent productions.
This isn't meant as an exhaustive list. But one thing these films have in common is that they don't concern themselves with building an artificial wall between Queer Identity and Queer Desire. All of them carve out a space where the two intersect, and tell stories in which coming out means coming-of-age — and vice-versa.
The Incredibly True Adventures of Two Girls in Love (1995)
Tomboyish Randy (Laurel Holloman) meets the popular Evie (Nicole Ali Parker); love blossoms, some Walt Whitman gets read. A sweet, smart little film.
Best Moment: Randy and Evie experiment with holding hands in public.
Anything Else?: Writer/director Maria Maggenti went on to write for television, wrote and directed 2006's Puccini for Beginners, and wrote the 2017 film Before I Fall.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Strand Releasing
Edge of Seventeen (1998)
It's 1984. Eric (Chris Stafford) experiments with a hot co-worker (Andersen Gabrych) — and with a pretty tragic blond dye-job.He finds a home at a gay bar run by Angie (Lea DeLaria) and toys with the affection of his best friend Maggie (Tina Holmes). A bittersweet film that doesn't feel compelled to give everyone a happy ending.
Best Moment: Eric comes out to his mother, who's played by Stephanie McVay with more nuance than you might expect.
Anything Else? Co-writer Todd Stephens went on to write and direct the raunch-romp Another Gay Movie and its sequel.
But I'm a Cheerleader (1999)
The jokes — like the movie — are bright, kitschy and broad (like, RuPaul plays a man who leads an ex-gay intervention, is how broad). Natasha Lyonne stars as a young woman sent to gay conversion therapy camp.
Best Moment: Mink Stole and Bud Cort play her parents. I mean, come on.
Anything Else? Got slapped with an NC-17 rating at first. In the documentary This Film is Not Yet Rated, director Jamie Babbit suggested that the MPAA holds queer content to an unfair standard.
Dorian Blues (2004)
Dorian (Michael McMillian) struggles to come out to his bellicose father (Stephen Fletcher), to his star athlete brother (Lea Coco), and to himself. The writing's sharp, especially in the beginning, and the film stays with Dorian long enough to show us that coming out is only a first step.
Best Moment: Dorian's brother takes him to a female sex worker in the hopes of turning him straight. During their session, he listens to her Billie Holliday impression.
Anything Else: McMillian went on to star in True Blood as Steve, and is currently a member of the cast of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, on which he plays Rachel's co-worker Tim.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bigfoot Bigfoot
The Curiosity of Chance (2006)
In the 1980s, Chance (Tad Hilgenbrink) attends an international school, finds two friends who'll help protect him against bullying jocks, and discovers he's got something in common with one of said jocks.
Best Moment: Tad sneaks out to a bar and tries drag for the first time.
Anything else?: The movie's tone is arch and antic, and — like Chance himself — not quite as witty as it thinks it is, but it's got some serious charm, and Helgenbrink some serious cheekbones.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Wolfe Releasing
Loving Annabelle (2006)
A teacher at a Catholic school (Diane Gaidry) falls for one her too-mature-for-her-age students (Erin Kelly). An interesting, nuanced film that doesn't pass judgment, and invites us not to, either.
Best Moment: At a school dance, Annabelle goes onstage and sings a song for her teacher.
Anything Else: The connection between the two leads feels both real, and complicated.
Pariah (2011)
Alike (Adepero Oduye) is black teenage lesbian in Brooklyn trying to find her place in the world. She's pulled in different directions by friends and family, and knows that when she finally does come out to her disapproving parents, it won't go well.
Best Moment: Alike goes to her first lesbian nightclub, and the experience leaves her both shocked and intrigued.
Anything Else?: A terrific, stylish, gorgeous looking film from director Dee Rees, who went on to direct last year's Mudbound.
Geography Club (2013)
LGBT high schoolers form a secret support group. Will star football player Russell (Cameron Dean Stewart) work up the courage to join? (Spoiler: He will.)
Best Moment: Russell and his pal, the hot blond quarterback (Justin Deeley) give in to their attraction.
Anything Else?: Like the 2003 Brent Hartinger YA novel on which it's based, the film's earnestness often spills over into sentiment — but you can't say it isn't sincere. Some nice supporting characters add much-needed humor. Has a lot in common — in terms of tone and approach — with Love, Simon, which was also based on a YA novel.
G.B.F. (2013)
Tanner (Michael J. Willett) outs himself at school, making the three most popular girls clamor for him to be their Gay Best Friend. Tanner's friendship with his fellow gay student Brent (Paul Iacono) is severely tested.
Best Moment: A reluctant Tanner gets a makeover to turn him from a comic book nerd into a Queer Eye guy.
Anything Else?: There's not a lot to it, but what's here is breezy and good-natured. Suprisingly so, since the director is Darren Stein, whose 1999 cult hit Jawbreaker was as dark and witty as this is bright and sunny.
Date and Switch (2014)
High school seniors Michael (Nicholas Braun) and Matty (Hunter Cope) are best friends. When Matty tells Michael he's gay, Michael goes overboard in trying to understand. Hijinks dependably ensue.
Best Moment: Matty and Michael go to a foam party. In 2014.
Anything Else?: It's not the first film set in a high school to feature teen characters played by actors who look like they could be ten years into a successful career in real estate. But in every scene featuring Braun and Cope dressed up in "teen" clothes, they just look like the world's least convincing narcs. Screenplay by Alan Yang, co-creator of Netflix's Master of None.
Freak Show (2018)
Proudly queeny teen Billy (Alex Lawther) transfers to a new school where his oblivious fabulousness makes him the target of bullies. Undaunted, he decides to run for Homecoming Queen.
Best Moment: On his first day, Billy stands before the classroom and announces he has just transferred from Darien, Connecticut, "the home of Chloe Sevingy."
Anything Else?: Based on the YA novel — noticing a pattern here? — by James St. James. Not truly a coming-out movie — Billy's a rare gay teen protagonist, in that he's completely comfortable in his skin at the outset — but it does tackle a lot of the themes (bullying, the search for acceptance) in the above films, and in Love, Simon as well. Plus, Bette Midler plays the mom. So. I mean.
Mina Kimes from ESPN The Magazine, The Morning Roast, and various other platforms joins the podcast!
Mina discusses:
Going from business and investigative reporting to sports writing.
Biggest stories she worked on.
Unmasking Aaron Rodgers.
What is really going on with Rodgers?
Tom Brady and Rob Gronkowski vs Bill Belichick.
Why there is so much heat on Lamar Jackson?
What to expect in the NFL Draft.
Was the Seahawks run a failure?
Does she cry when her team loses?
Game of Thrones.
Her hobbies.
Where she sees herself in five years.
Unfortunately, we did not get into why she is not a Warlock:
[H/T the RSS feed for this podcast was created by Patrick Hatton]
Tennis: Svitolina dumps Wozniacki to clinch Toronto title
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 08:44 IST
Aug 13, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark plays a shot against Elina Svitolina of Ukraine (not pictured) during the women's final of the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre. Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sportsrts
By Frank Pingue
TORONTO (Reuters) - Ukrainian Elina Svitolina capped a remarkable week in Toronto by beating Dane Caroline Wozniacki 6-4 6-0 at the Rogers Cup on Sunday to capture her tour-leading fifth title of the season.
Fifth seed Svitolina, whose run to the final included wins over Venus Williams, Wimbledon champion Garbine Muguruza and defending champion Simona Halep, used a strong return game throughout the 77-minute match to beat sixth seed Wozniacki.
"It was an incredible week. Played against great players, I beat them, and it's just something really amazing and I am very, very tired," said Svitolina, who was playing her third match in two days after rain pushed her quarter-final to Saturday.
"I left everything out there. It's been incredible that I could go through this. I didn't even think that I could."
The 22-year-old Ukrainian was so doubtful that she could even reach the final that she had a flight booked on Friday to the next tournament in Cincinnati.
But Svitolina showed she clearly belonged, using a mix of powerful groundstrokes and an impressive return game to secure her fourth victory over a top-10 opponent this week.
With the win, Svitolina will move up one spot to a career-high world number four when the new rankings are released on Monday.
Svitolina, who has yet to lose in a final this year, broke Wozniacki three times during the first set and another three times during a lopsided second set to deny the former world number one her first title since last October.
Wozniacki was playing in her sixth final of 2017 but the 2010 Rogers Cup champion has yet to come out on top following losses at Doha, Dubai, Miami, Eastbourne and Bastad.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
MESA, Ariz. — Right-hander Trevor Cahill and the Oakland Athletics have finalized a $1.5 million, one-year contract.
As part of the deal announced Monday, Cahill would get a $250,000 assignment bonus if traded.
The 30-year-old was 4-3 with a 4.03 ERA last season in 14 starts and seven relief appearances for San Diego and Kansas City, which acquired him on July 24. He had a $1.75 million salary and earned a $250,000 assignment bonus but fell short of a $250,000 bonus that would have been triggered by his 15th start.
Oakland drafted Cahill in the second round in 2006 with the 66th overall pick. He made his big league debut with the A's in 2009 and was an All-Star in 2010.
MARTIN, Tenn. — Ja Morant scored 18 points, Jonathan Stark had 17 and Murray State used a late run to pull away from UT Martin 66-53 on Saturday night.
Morant grabbed a game-high eight rebounds and had five assists while Stark made five 3-pointers in the first half for the Racers (18-5, 10-2), who remained alone in second place behind Belmont (11-1) in the Ohio Valley Conference.
Morant's 3-pointer with nine minutes left gave the Racers the lead for good but it took a 12-0 run over the final 5:22 to put the game away. Terrell Miller Jr. and Shaq Buchanan scored 10 points each.
Matthew Butler scored 19 points and Fatodd Lewis 12 for the Skyhawks (8-17, 3-9).
Bitcoin Futures Surge In First Day Of Trading
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kin Cheung/AP Kin Cheung/AP
On their first day of trading, bitcoin futures surged past $18,000, adding to a streak for the digital currency that began the year at just $1,000 and has nearly tripled in value over the past month alone.
Reuters reports that bitcoin futures, traded through the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), saw January contracts, which opened at $15,460 in New York on Sunday evening, leap to a high of $17,170 during Asian hours.
Trading, which began at 6 p.m. ET (5 p.m. CT), was so intense that halts designed to cool volatility were triggered twice on the CBOE.
The halts are "not surprising based on the volatility of the underlying [asset]. The futures are behaving as expected and designed," Tom Lehrkinder, senior analyst at consulting firm Tabb Group, was quoted by CNBC as saying.
Coindesk writes: "In all, the tumultuous start is perhaps a fitting start to the trading of the new contracts. CBOE's is the first to be traded on a major regulated exchange in the U.S., and it's set to be followed next week by CME Group, which has announced that it will launch its own products on Dec. 18."
The surge in bitcoin futures, the first of which expire in January, adds to the frenzy for the digital currency that was introduced in 2009 and has seen its value skyrocket in recent months.
But it has also contributed to concern that bitcoin, which is not backed by any country's central bank, is a speculative bubble that could burst if investors get nervous and begin selling.
As NPR's Bill Chappell wrote last month:
"Bitcoin's rise has been both meteoric and volatile, with surges in valuation often being driven by positive reports about its status. Earlier this year, for instance, Japan recognized bitcoin as an official method of payment. "... Another factor has been the move to split the original bitcoin segment into two currencies: bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash. That change, which became official in August, has allowed large trades in the currency to occur more frequently, while also promising to bolster its infrastructure."
"This is kind of the classic bubble psychology," Timothy Lee, a senior tech reporter with Ars Technica, tells NPR's Weekend Edition Saturday. "People hear about it and they say, 'Oh, maybe I should get in because this is an opportunity.' Then the cycle repeats. The price goes up some more, and so it gets more coverage."
The Associated Press writes "[the] rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros, the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom. Those prices eventually came crashing down."
According to The Financial Times, in Japan, investors were buying bitcoin with a leverage up to 15 times their cash deposit. However, "Yuzo Kano, bitFlyer's chief executive, said in an interview with the Financial Times that the liquidity on his Tokyo-based exchange — which has an 80 per cent share of bitcoin trading in Japan and 20-30 per cent of the global market — was deep enough to handle even the biggest market movements."
The Trump administration is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women for religious and moral reasons.
The administration has issued a long-expected revision to Obama-era rules. The rules require most companies to provide birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents.
The Trump administration's revision issued Friday expands a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies.
The share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, since contraception became a covered preventive health benefit, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
NASHVILLE — The Tennessee Titans are coming off their first playoff victory in 14 years with a brand-new coach and no obvious holes to be filled in the NFL draft.
That gives general manager Jon Robinson lots of flexibility on what to do with the 25th pick overall Thursday night.
He's working with first-time head coach Mike Vrabel to find a way to push the Titans past an ugly divisional rout last January , and Tennessee already has all the key pieces in place led by quarterback Marcus Mariota. Robinson used free agency to replace aging veterans such as running back DeMarco Murray , bolstered the Titans' secondary and added depth on the offensive line.
"What we wanted to try to do was be able to go into the draft with what we thought was a pretty deep roster," Robinson said. "I think we've got good depth on our roster. We've got good competition really at all the position groups and hopefully we can add some guys here over the next three, four days to maybe even make that more competitive."
That leaves the man who traded away the No. 1 overall pick in 2016 free to trade up or out of the first round to add to the six selections Tennessee has this draft as the Titans try to improve after consecutive 9-7 seasons that couldn't help Mike Mularkey keep his job .
Some things to watch with the Titans in the draft:
DEPTH NEEDED
Tennessee tied for fifth in the NFL last season with 43 sacks led by Derrick Morgan and Brian Orakpo. But both outside linebackers are going into the final season of their current contracts, and Orakpo, a four-time Pro Bowler, turns 32 around the time training camp opens. Kevin Dodd, the 33rd pick overall in 2016, was supposed to provide depth. So far, he has one sack in 18 games. Backup Erik Walden, who was signed last July, has not been brought back.
PROTECT MARIOTA
Tennessee signed a pair of guards Kevin Pamphile and Xavier Su'a-Filo with starting experience in free agency. If right tackle Jack Conklin isn't recovered by the start of the season from a torn left ACL suffered in the loss at New England, Su'a-Filo is capable of sliding over until Conklin returns. They also signed starting right guard Josh Kline to a new deal and starting left guard Quinton Spain signed his contract tender.
Former Memphis All-American Penny Hardaway is heading back to his alma mater —as its men's basketball coach.
Memphis will announce Hardaway as its next coach on Tuesday, said a person familiar with the situation. The person spoke to The Associated Press Monday on condition of anonymity because Memphis hasn't publicly announced the hire. Memphis has scheduled a news conference for Tuesday.
The 46-year-old Hardaway replaces Tubby Smith, who was fired after going 40-26 in two seasons with Memphis.
Hardaway is a four-time NBA All-Star and three-time All-NBA player who will be making his college coaching debut with the Tigers. He has been coaching for years with his own AAU program, Team Penny, and won his third straight Tennessee high school championship at Memphis East last weekend.
The Memphis native played at Treadwell High School before going to then-Memphis State remains very popular in his hometown. And his alma mater desperately needs someone to keep Memphis' top recruits at home and lure fans back to the FedExForum, where the Tigers play their home games.
Memphis hasn't been to the NCAA Tournament since 2014, and attendance dipped to 6,225 this season — the worst since 1969-70. The plunging attendance puts the university at risk of missing out on an $800,000 payment from the NBA's Memphis Grizzlies, who control the FedExForum. The Commercial Appeal also reported donations to the athletic department dropped $1.1 million in the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Hardaway starred for Memphis teams that posted a combined 43-23 record and made consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances in 1992 and 1993. The Tigers reached a regional final in 1992.
With Hardaway, the Tigers notched eight wins over ranked teams. He posted the first triple-doubles in school history.
Hardaway declared for the 1993 NBA Draft and was the No. 3 overall pick by Golden State before being traded to Orlando.
Memphis retired his jersey on Jan. 23, 1994.
Test Boost Elite The exceptional solution of the hassle of low libido in male is consuming herbal dietary supplements. Kamdeepak capsules are the first-class natural supplements to reinforce male low libido available in the marketplace. Test Boost Elite it's far one of the efficient libido enhancer capsules for the male. It no longer handiest decorate libido, however also therapies low sex force, fatigue, and weakness. It will increase energy and vitality amazingly. the important thing components.http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Andro Plus Male Enhancement Frizz Ease Original Formula Hair Serum This serum by John Frieda is regarded as as the holy grail of frizz fighting options. Its been around forever It's not very expensive and also can realize almost practically everywhere. If you need more control can certainly try the extra strength formula. They will also make a billion other frizz taming merchandise that you can try. Away the whole line of FrizzEase Treatments. http://www.strongtesterone.com/andro-plus-male-enhancement/
Ukip has been ordered to pay £175,000 in legal costs over a defamation case brought by three Labour MPs.
The party has been told to pay the money towards the costs incurred by Sir Keven Barron, John Healey and Sarah Champion.
The interim payment order by Justice Warby comes just days after Ukip's leader Gerard Batten issued a plea for cash for the party.
At an earlier High Court hearing it was ruled that the party took a "deliberate, informed and calculated" decision to ensure that the defamation action brought by Rotherham's three Labour MPs against a Ukip MEP should not be settled before the 2015 General Election.
In February 2017 Jane Collins, MEP for Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire, was ordered to pay £54,000 in damages to each MP over remarks she made about the town's child abuse scandal.
In a joint statement the Labour MPs said: "Ukip's actions behind the scenes forced the costs of this case to soar and compounded the damage from Jane Collins' unfounded and hurtful allegations.
"This deliberate strategy hugely increased the legal costs and it is right that Ukip are today held liable for a large share of these costs.
"Ukip used the unfounded allegations by Jane Collins for political advantage.
"At the highest level Ukip knew Jane Collins' case was 'hopeless' but blocked any settlement in our favour before the 2015 General Election because they believed it would win them votes."
In an indication of the parlous state of Ukip's finances, earlier this month Mr Batten said the party had to raise £100,000 by the end of March.
He wrote to all local Ukip groups across the country to ask them divert any funds they have in their coffers to the central party "purely for operational needs", the Sun reported.
He said that "if we cannot raise it then the future of the Party itself is in question".
Northborough Village Hall was host to Girlguiding Glinton District when 54 keen, enthusiastic and ready to travel Rainbows, Brownies, Guides and Leaders from Helpston, Glinton and Northborough came together for a District Event.
The challenge for the afternoon was to ‘visit' and undertake activities at each of the five Girlguiding Centres around the world.
Once in their groups; the adventure began. Where would they start? Sangam in India where an opportunity to wear traditional dress and have henna painted onto their hands was waiting?
Or Our Cabana, Mexico, where a beautiful, eye-catchingly colourful woven dreamcatcher could be made?
At Pax Lodge, UK peg soldiers were standing to attention, ready to be painted; whilst at Our Chalet, Switzerland, chocolate was on the menu. The girls could learn about the importance of Swiss chocolatiers and make their own truffles.
Creativity and imagination was the order of the day at Kusafiri, Africa, as unique and individual face masks were designed and adorned with various decorations.
Their final stop of the day was the music room where songs from the various countries were learned and shared at the end in true Girlguiding fashion; there is always time for a song.
The hall resounded with laughter and chatter as the girls learned about the heritage of Girlguiding and its impact around the world. They also considered what makes us proud to be British. Each girl contributed to a large collage about everything they felt represented Britain (despite their youth the rain featured heavily); a photo of which has been sent, along with a letter to Her Majesty, Queen
Elizabeth.
As the afternoon drew to an end, they were joined by the Commissioner of Cambridgeshire West who presented District Commissioner, Morag Sweeney, with her County Thanks Award for 20 years service as Division Residential Adviser.
She also presented 1st Glinton Rainbows Unit Leader, Sally Nash with her Leadership Qualification.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, she was hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," she said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in her 23rd consecutive Women's Open. She got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and her scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave her a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
Mumbai: Superstar Aamir Khan says he is proud that Panchgani, where he got married to Kiran Rao, has been named as one of the country's cleanest towns.
An elated Aamir on Friday night took to Twitter and said that the town has bagged three district honours.
"I am very proud that my town Panchgani has been selected as one of the cleanest towns in India, winning three district honours: Open defecation free city, Swachh city and Best Municipal Council in the state. My gratitude to the local leadership, administration, and my fellow citizens for these achievements. Congratulations," the Dangal actor wrote.
Aamir and Kiran tied the knot in 2005 in Panchgani. The couple have a son named Azad Rao Khan.
Department store chain House Of Fraser has chalked up a rise in full-year profits, but warned trading remains volatile.
The firm, which is owned by Chinese conglomerate Sanpower Group, said pre-tax profits grew from £1.3 million to £3.4 million in the year to January 28.
Online delivered a 16.1% increase in sales and now accounts for over a fifth of the group's total.
Overall revenues were flat at £1.3 billion, while like-for-like sales edged up 0.9% in the period.
However, the group warned the “volatility” it saw last year has continued into 2017.
“The volatility experienced throughout fiscal year 2017 has continued into the current financial year.
“Whilst trading remained subdued in February, as witnessed across the retail sector, the Group saw significant improvement in March,” the group said.
House Of Fraser also said five under-performing brands will be “discontinued” this year, with the focus moving to the most popular ones.
Colin Elliot, House Of Fraser's finance chief, also flagged “continued challenging trading conditions across the retail sector”.
But he added: “To deliver such a strong set of results for the year is a testimony to the resilience of our business model, and credit to the expertise and dedication of the new senior management team.”
House Of Fraser recently opened its first standalone shop in China under a plan to build its brand in the Asian powerhouse.
It is setting up shop in Sanpower Plaza in the commercial zone of Nanjing, capital of Jiangsu province.
Spoilers ahead. It's already been over a month since Infinity War came out, but everyone who saw the third Avengers movie is still grappling over the film's shocking ending. Fans of the MCU have been busy since Thanos wiped out half of the earth's population, and already, they've come up with so many theories about how Avengers 4 might play out given the catastrophe that preceded it. The top Gamora theories for Avengers 4 reveal that there's hope yet, both for the green goddess and for the Avengers as a whole.
Many of the leading theories for Avengers 4 suggest that Gamora (Zoe Saldana) will play an integral role in undoing Thanos' destruction. Even though the end credits scene with Nick Fury calling Captain Marvel suggest that the Avengers' only hope lies in that hero (played by Brie Larson), that doesn't mean that Gamora won't also play a part in bringing back the half of Earth's inhabitants that disappeared into thin air.
Out of all of the many theories circulating about Avengers 4, the most compelling revolve around Gamora. Not only is Peter Quill's (Chris Pratt) love interest necessary to the Guardians of the Galaxy movies — which has a third installment coming up — but she is also essential to the MCU overall. The MCU has a lack of women of color, and it would be a huge loss for representation if Gamora's death stayed permanent for the next Avengers movie. Fortunately, a lot of the theories about the character's future suggest she will survive after all.
1 Gamora Isn't Actually Dead, She's Trapped In The Soul World Giphy As Screen Rant points out, the orange setting in which Thanos imagines seeing a young Gamora near the end of Infinity War resembles the Marvel comics' Soul World. Since Thanos swapped Gamora's life for the Soul Stone, that could mean he trapped his adopted daughter in the Soul World rather than killing her. While she isn't exactly alive in the Avengers' universe, Gamora still could live — possibly as a child — within the realm inside the Soul Stone. This theory holds even more weight due to the fact that Infinity War's director, Joe Russo, confirmed that the child version of Gamora was, in fact, inside the Soul World, CBR reported. If anyone can get her out of there, it's likely that she will end up saving the world from her evil adopted father.
2 Adam Warlock Could Free Gamora And Help Her Stop Thanos Giphy In the Marvel comic Infinity Gauntlet, which Infintiy War is based on, a character called Adam Warlock helps stop Thanos by traveling to the Soul World. As Screenrant reports, Adam Warlock transfers Gamora's soul to a new body in Infinity Gauntlet, thereby freeing the Guardian of the Galaxy character. According to Polygon, Adam Warlock isn't expected to be introduced into the MCU until Guardians 3, which is supposed to come out after Avengers 4 in 2020. If that's the case, then he might not be the one to transfer Gamora's soul from inside the Soul World, but you never know, really.
3 Gamora Will Have An Influence Over Thanos From The Soul Stone Giphy The most tragic death in Infinity War was undoubtedly Gamora's. After all, Thanos revealed that he had true feelings of love for her, but to prove that he killed her. Say what? A theory posited by Nerdist suggests that any test of love that requires one to sacrifice the only person you care for cannot end well for the murderer. Remember how the Avengers (namely, Captain America) kept saying "We don't trade lives?" Well, maybe that meant a lot more than just that the Avengers have more integrity than Thanos. Even though Thanos did get to wipe out half the universe by collecting every Infinity Stone, maybe he will ultimately lose as the young Gamora weighs on his conscience. It can't mean anything that a younger version of Gamora came back to ask Thanos if it was all "worth it" at the end of Infinity War. Gamora's presence in the Soul World may end up haunting Thanos to the point where he cannot continue his vicious ways any longer — even if he's not aware of her moral influence, she may be able to change Thanos' mind through his visions of her.
4 Gamora's Appearance As A Child Proved That Thanos Failed Giphy One of the more hair-splitting theories suggests that since the young Gamora showed up in Thanos' memory towards the end of Infinity War, he didn't actually succeed in balancing the universe as he'd intended. As Screenrant points out, Gamora had died before Thanos snapped his fingers and cleared out half of Earth's population. But then the big bad's adopted daughter showed up as a child after the finger-snapping destruction. That means that the child vision of Gamora showed up immediately after Thanos had restored Earth's balance, thereby un-balancing it again. It's unclear what exactly that means, but if the young Gamora is able to appear outside of the orange world you see her in at the end of the movie, it will probably mean that Thanos failed and everything will have to go back to the way it was.
Berger had a bogey-free 65.
"This is the fourth time I've been here, so I've kind of figured it out a little bit," Berger said. "Mostly, it's just about just enjoying yourself."
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65. He's the only player without a bogey after two rounds.
"This is my home tournament, growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board," Reavie said. "So this is like the fifth major for me."
Adam Hadwin (65)of Abbotsford, B.C., was the low Canadian in a tie for eighth at 7 under. Ben Silverman (68) of Thornhill, Ont., was in a group tied for 37th at 3 under and Nick Taylor (71), from Abbotsford, was tied for 50th at 2 under. Mac Hughes of Dundas, Ont., missed the cut.
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes. He bogeyed his old nemesis, the 317-yard 17th, after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green.
"Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie," Fowler said.
Two years ago, he blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when he drove through the green and into the water, then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when he hit into the water again.
Fowler is wearing a pin on his hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy he befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Connell was born with a rare airway disorder.
"I don't think it's a coincidence he's playing so well this week, either," said Griffin's father, Jim Connell. "Griffin, he's not here with us, but we know he's watching from above."
Scott Stallings (65), Chesson Hadley (68) and Chris Kirk (68) were 8 under, and Phil Mickelson (65) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm (68) topped the group at 7 under.
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making his record-tying 29th start in the event he won in 1996, 2005 and 2013. He birdied the last three holes — getting the stadium-enclosed No. 16 for the second straight day — and four of the final six.
"There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here," Mickelson said. "I can feel their energy and it helps me focus."
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under.
The fourth-ranked Thomas had his second 68. He was bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
"I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot, I felt like, 7 or 8 under," Thomas said. "But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days."
Haas followed his opening 64 with a 72. He made a double bogey on the par-5 third.
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury.
Spieth shot 72-70, playing alongside Thomas. The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May, when he missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT&T Byron Nelson. Matsuyama's injury ended his bid to match Arnold Palmer's event record of three straight victories.
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day, a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away. He's 2 under after a 69. Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001, the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history.
By John Nicholson, The Associated Press
Entertainment enthusiasts can agree that it's always exciting to hear that new, innovative content is entering TV's prime time lineup, and lucky for those alike, Apple has one on the horizon. According to The Hollywood Reporter on May 30, Pitch Perfect's Hailee Steinfeld will star in Apple's new feminist series about Emily Dickinson, and so far it sounds like it's going to be a hit.
Written by Alena Smith, and executively produced and directed by David Gordon Green, it's being reported by THR that Apple picked up Dickinson for an entire series order. The production examines the life of a young Emily Dickinson as she navigates her 1800s world, feeling out of place with her more-than-progressive views. As you may have already guessed, Steinfeld will be playing the role of Emily in the new half-hour comedic-drama, but though set in another time period, Hailee's career and social media presence over the past few shows that portraying the critically-acclaimed feminist won't be too far of a stretch.
Known for he roles in True Grit, The Edge of Seventeen — which gained her both Oscar and Golden Globes nominations, respectively — and, of course, the Pitch Perfect franchise, the actor has definitely portrayed angsty teens before. And when it comes to showing just how much of a feminist she is, Hailee has released music that totally shouts those empowering values from the rooftops.
Oscar Siagian/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
With more than nine million followers on Instagram, the multi-talent is always projecting a girl power image that appears to come naturally for her. But seriously, with a songer entitled "Love Yourself," who would suspect anything other than authentic musings from the newly turned 21-year-old.
That's right — at just 21-years-old, Hailee is well on her way to becoming a widely known household name. Dickinson may mark her first time being a series regular on the TV screen, but as aforementioned, the actor and singer has totally received her accolades for the impact she's made on the silver.
Deemed as one of the greatest American poets of the 19th century, Emily Dickinson's words continue to ring loudly in the ears of all of those literature arts enthusiasts. And after researching more about the upcoming Apple project framed around her life, it actually makes a lot of sense that the writer felt out of place in her hometown. Groundbreaking artists are typically scruntinized for their progressiveness, but seeing as fans of the poet, or those who have studied her famed works in the classroom, seemingly know how her story will end, it's going to be nice to learn about all of the tiny details that helped to shape her into the force she was.
Noam Galai/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
An official release date for Dickinson has yet to be announced, but if you're in the mood for more feminist work to consume until it arrives, there are a few awesome programs for you to binge in the meantime. Starring Gillian Jacobs, Phoebe Robinson, and Vanessa Bayer, Netflix's newest film Ibiza show the power of friendship between three besties as they travel to Spain for a business trip. And if you're looking for something a wee bit serious, Netflix's Sara's Notebook — starring Belen Rueda — follows the life of a lawyer named Laura, who travels to the Democratic Republic of Congo in search of her younger sister Sara, who is believed to be in danger. Oh, and on the talk show front, the streaming platform also has a new program helmed by famed comedian, Michelle Wolf, entitled The Break with Michelle Wolf, where she'll wow her audience with hilarious sketches and interview some of the world's most famous celebs.
All in all, Dickinson totally sounds like it's going to be a fan favorite already. And here's to hoping it more than exceeds all expectations, while leaving its audience with some valuable feministic lessons.
SAN JOSE, Calif. — Sam Logwood scored the Lobos' final six points and New Mexico denied San Jose State its first Mountain West Conference win this season, beating the Spartans 71-68 on Saturday.
Logwood's basket with 3:50 to go gave the Lobos the lead for good at 64-62. He added another basket and four more frees throws in the final 1:49.
Nai Carlisle's 3-point play with 33 seconds left got the Spartans (3-19, 0-11) within three, but after Noah Baumann grabbed a defensive rebound he had his pass intercepted by Logwood, who was fouled and made 1 of 2 free throws before Ryan Welage's long 3-point attempt went off the back of the rim.
Antino Jackson scored 17 points, Anthony Mathis 15, Joe Furstinger 12 and Logwood 10 for New Mexico (12-12, 7-4).
Keeping the lights on
Most businesses are critically reliant upon their IT systems. If these systems go down due to a natural disaster, temporary power outage, loss of data center, ransomware or hacker attack, lost or corrupted files, or an application failure due to a software virus, the results can inflict significant financial harm. In the worst case, the business will be unable to continue functioning.
IT resilience ensures business continuity in crisis, but only if executed with forethought and diligence. Todd Scallan of Axcient suggests applying any of these six tips to make IT resilient.
6 Lessons About Trump From Season 1 Of 'The Apprentice'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ric Francis/AP Ric Francis/AP
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with his administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times, Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on his public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
Embedded Podcast: Listen To The Episode Hear from the people who worked with Trump on The Apprentice, including a former producer who claims Trump made racially charged comments during filming. Embedded Trump Stories: The Apprentice Trump Stories: The Apprentice Listen · 37:09 37:09
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says he does not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but he tells NPR that the comments he was referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew and that at times, there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
Listen To Pruitt's Exchange With NPR's Kelly McEvers About Trump's Comments 2:00
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. He started his campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A businessman with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, he is seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing himself directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," he begins, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." He lists off his holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then he briefly hints at his past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago, I was seriously in trouble," he says, in reference to four bankruptcies involving his properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," he continues. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was."
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with his troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That is a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which he described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of his pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for him looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite his bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained his image of success.
3. Ever the salesman
Every episode of the show centered on a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside his dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Frank Franklin II/AP Frank Franklin II/AP
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee Stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson River. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned") in Palm Beach, Fla.
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns him a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed him to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from his businesses. Trump and his lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to his businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at his Mar-a-Lago resort and his golf club in Bedminster, N.J. His hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about his properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Va., Trump took to the opportunity to mention his winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of contestant Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of her team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was she honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling he would soon deliver his signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for his "loyalty" and for him to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from his team — even if he does not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even among others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into his presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, he appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting her teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when she first met Bressler, she didn't think she had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to her teammate's backhanded compliment. He adds, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like her. I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Conners: "Do you like Omarosa, the way she just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Conners refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying she does in fact like her teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," he says about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had his share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but he also has a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to his advantage. He tried to create a chasm between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, he reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." And last month, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what he perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, his challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with his company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw him as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 percent to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and he would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into his presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
TORONTO — Citytv has picked Roger Petersen as the new co-host of Toronto morning show "Breakfast Television."
Petersen joined co-host Dina Pugliese on Wednesday as he stepped into the role vacated by Kevin Frankish in May.
Rogers Media, which owns Citytv, said Petersen will be familiar to viewers of the station.
He's covered several major local stories as a news reporter, including the Toronto van attack earlier this year, SARS and the Papal visit.
Money For Moms
Enlarge this image DENIS CHARLET/AFP/Getty Images DENIS CHARLET/AFP/Getty Images
The Indicator from Planet Money Money For Moms Money For Moms Listen · 9:31 9:31
A fascinating and ambitious new experiment has just launched after six years of careful design by economists, neuroscientists, and other scholars. For the first time, researchers will be investigating the causal effects of lower incomes on the brain development of babies and toddlers.
Specifically, the researchers want to know what happens when new mothers are given a big supplemental monthly income — untaxed, and in addition to other benefits they already receive. Will that extra income improve the emotional and brain development of the child during the first three years of the child's life?
The answer could fundamentally affect the way we think about the effects of poverty on children.
Music by Drop Electric. Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
By Abby Hassler
Scotty McCreery made a fan's day when he stopped by North Carolina for a jam session with 19-year-old Dustin Chapman. The 19-year-old fan had reached out the country star on social media, saying that his one wish was to sing with him.
Chapman suffers from Achalasia, a progressive disease that affects the esophagus, according to WMBF TV. There is currently no cure for the disease.
Related: Scotty McCreery Pays Tribute to Grandfather in ‘Five More Minutes' Video
After word got out, McCreery revealed he would be meeting with Chapman soon, writing, “Thanks for keeping him in your thoughts and prayers. He sounds like an amazing guy and I am looking forward to our meeting. I'm so proud of all my fans for making sure I had heard about him.”
The two met up Tuesday (June 13), and Chapman sang one of his original songs for McCreery and then the pair sang a duet of McCreery's hit “See you Tonight.”
Sharing the video online afterward, Chapman wrote, “Thanks, Scotty for making one of my biggest dreams come true.”
Check out McCreery's post and watch the duet below.
There is outrage over a manager's response to another employee's tragic family news.Crystal Fisher's 18-year-old son Jason was placed on life support as he battles an infection.Fisher says she texted her manager at PS Food Mart in Michigan about the situation, and the manager was unsympathetic, telling her it wasn't an excuse to skip work."This is his life we're talking about, not just in the hospital sick, he's on life support," said Fisher. "And I let her know that no, I'm not quitting, I want my job, that my son's more important though than your job because I can replace your job, I cannot replace my kid."The company didn't waste time responding. It says the manager was fired Monday morning.
Mr. Speaker, May 27 to June 2 is Tourism Week across Canada.
Tourism Week provides an opportunity to highlight the tourism sector and the economic opportunities that accompany it. Tourism is a key part of the Government of the Northwest Territories commitment to advance regional economic growth and diversification.
This week, events and activities across our territory will bring people together to celebrate the places and experiences that encouraged 100 thousand visitors to join us North of 60 last year.
But, Mr. Speaker, the heart of our booming tourism industry is its people, NWT residents who make visitors feel welcome, and foster our international reputation for friendliness and warmth. This year, the Government of the Northwest Territories, through the Department of Industry, Tourism and Investment is shining a spotlight on these individuals with our NWT Host contest.
The department got a head start on Tourism Week by asking residents across the NWT to nominate people who put the best face on our territory every day by engaging visitors and making them feel welcome.
Our social media feeds have come to life with stories about many NWT residents and what they do to advance our tourism sector.
People like Fred Andrew Jr. from Tulita, who takes pride in sharing stories of the Mountain Dene and their use of the land with visitors.
Hay River's Garry and Linda Carter, whose friendly approach and deep knowledge of the North make their river kayak tours an unforgettable experience.
Ulukhaktok's Patrick Joss, who, according to dozens of Facebook users, is a spectacular ambassador for his region and who makes visitors feel at home as soon as their planes touch down.
Mr. Speaker, we know that it takes more than just recognition to foster a thriving industry. It takes investment.
To this end, we are investing in a number of tourism-related businesses, training and initiatives to support our industry, and ensure there continues to be good news worth celebrating year after year.
Through our destination marketer, NWT Tourism, we will invest over $3 million to heighten awareness and interest in travel to our territory. In this Canada China Year of Tourism, this includes targeted marketing opportunities in South Asia and our participation in the upcoming federally-led trade mission to Beijing, Hangzhou and Shanghai.
Our parks are another focal point of investment. This year, we will be spending $7.2 million to ensure they continue to be world-class. As we move into camping season, visitors will already notice highlights like the new loop at Prelude Lake, and the new overnight rental structure at Blackstone. Later this summer we will begin construction of lake access roads in Gwich'in Territorial Park.
Mr. Speaker, we are investing $1 million in projects designed to attract new visitors, and build on tourism offerings across all five regions; $200,000, through our Community Tourism Infrastructure Program, to help build transformative tourism infrastructure in small communities; support for Indigenous tourism initiatives to help share our vibrant cultures with the world; and investments to support new opportunities along our Arctic Coast as the road to Tuktoyaktuk and a growing cruise ship sector continue to bring visitors into the far reaches of our North.
Mr. Speaker, the value of our tourism industry has grown from $94 million in 2010 to $201 million last year. In the same period, the number of visitors passing through our territory has skyrocketed by more than 40 thousand annually.
This suggests that our investments and efforts to increase tourism is working. This is good news and demonstrates the possibilities as we move towards a broader, more diverse economy. I'm pleased to see these results, and look forward to more success in our territory's second-largest industry.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Actor and TV presenter Keith Chegwin sadly died on December 10, 2017, his family announced.
The telly fav had done everything from appear in Roman Polanski's film adaptation of Macbeth to knocking on unsuspecting people's doors on The Big Breakfast.
He became a household name in the 1970s as a presenter on children's programmes Multi-Coloured Swap Shop and Saturday Superstore in the 1980s.
He was also synonymous with breakfast TV, hosting outdoor segments on both Channel 4's The Big Breakfast and ITV's GMTV, often knocking on people's doors to inform them they've won cash prizes.
Cheggers starred in Celebrity Big Brother back in 2015.
Keith Chegwin facts at a glance
Date of birth: January 17, 1957
Birthplace: Bootle, Liverpool
Claims to fame: Actor and TV presenter
Relationship status: Married
* See the full Celebrity Big Brother 2015 line-up
Speaking to CBB producers in 2015, he said:
Why did you want to do the show?
CBB has always been a challenge and everyone says it's because of the people, but it's not. I couldn't give a toss who's in there, it's all about Big Brother. Everyone forgets Big Brother, and you don't know what Big Brother is going to get you to do!
But being favorite to win shows that people like you. Is that nice?
Oh, it's fantastic, it really is nice. I'm not going to play the old card because I hate that, but I have been around a long time, so you go right across the board. When I walk into Tesco you get a pensioner saying, 'Hello Cheggers, how are you doing?', then because of Dancing on Ice you get some kids going, 'Don't you skate?'. I'm very lucky.
Do you still get nervous?
No! If it goes wrong then it's not my fault, they booked me. I don't get worried about anything and I think that is because of my past. I have had bad and good things happen and it has been a bit of a roller-coaster ride, so when you get to something like this you think of it as an enjoyable challenge.
Will you be a peacekeeper?
No, let them fight! Mediation is fantastic but it's not my job to do it. I'll probably end up watching it like a viewer, thinking, 'Go for it!'.
Is there anyone you'd hate to see in there?
Piers Morgan has been particularly rude about me over the years but I wouldn't mind if he was there because I'd like to see if it's what he genuinely feels or if he's just a motor mouth.
Are there any habits in other people that will annoy you?
Untidiness and dirtiness. I'm not super clean but I do like clean people. If there is a poo in the loo I will find out whose it is and I might even bring it out!
t. I've got a twin brother and we just about call each other on that day. Ice cream might be nice. A kids' party with a kids' entertainer!
Will you feel like you need to entertain people?
That is the great thing about this. They booked me and for once I haven't got to do anything. So I haven't got to come out with any gags. Although I do like playing jokes and I've got something, which, if it backfires on me I'll be out next week. I think it might work!
Do you want to show another side to Cheggers?
There isn't one! The only side they could see is me getting angry, but that would only be for a minute. I can't be bothered! People have a preconception that Keith Chegwin is thick and I've always suckered up to that because I quite like it. That's one side that people don't know about Keith Chegwin. I do read a lot. I know a bit about everything!
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Bharti Infratel ended FY2018 with 91,451 towers, up from 90,646 towers a year ago.
Mumbai: Telecom tower infrastructure provider Bharti Infratel, which has witnessed tenancy losses due to consolidation in the telecom sector, expects better business in the future as telcos continue to roll out 4G telecom networks and prepare for 5G services, top company officials said.
“With improving industry structure, rising consumer demand, and the need to expand 4G network in the short-term and potentially 5G in the longer term, we expect the (tower) industry to come out of the current phase (of slow growth) much stronger,” Bharti Infratel chairman Akhil Gupta told analysts in a post-earning call.
“With data demand growing at a very rapid pace, it is clear that all private operators have to invest heavily on network throughout the country to remain competitive,” Gupta said.
“In addition, in the longer term, the advent of 5G would significantly increase the demand for sites because of the spectrum being in higher frequency,” Gupta added.
The tower arm of Bharti Airtel, Bharti Infratel on Monday reported a 2% rise in consolidated net profit at Rs606 crore for the March quarter against Rs597 crore a year ago.
The company ended FY2018 with 91,451 towers, up from 90,646 towers a year ago.
However, it also lost 22,134 co-locations during the year due to consolidation. Co-locations are points where a tower operator deploys antennae of multiple carriers.
Graphic: Ahmed Raza Khan/Mint
The revenue decline of Bharti Infratel will be driven by the exit of select players (RCom, TTSL and Aircel), said IDFC Securities Telecom Research dated 3 April. “This is likely to drive increase in churn and overall gross adds for the quarter are unlikely to offset this drag,” it said.
However, Bharti Infratel managing director and chief executive Devender Singh Rawat told analysts that he doesn't agree that there is excess of supply in the tower industry.
“With Reliance Jio's announcement of 210,000 towers, it is clearly showing that new normal for an operator, who is trying to compete in the (market) post consolidation, is north of 200,000 towers,” Rawat said, adding, “This clearly means that there is further requirement of rolling out new towers as we go forward.”
Rawat added that the tower industry is still to see much growth coming from areas with weak coverage.
Bharti Infratel expects average revenue per tenant, which has been stagnant for a few quarters, to increase after the Vodafone-Idea Cellular merger goes through.
“They (Vodafone/Idea) haven't discussed with us on their exit,” Devender Singh Rawat told analysts. “We will look to engage with them after they get DoT approval for the merger.”
Uninor, which is waiting for integration with Airtel, is also yet to cancel its tenancy with Bharti Infratel, Rawat addd.
Bharti Infratel and Indus Towers Ltd—two of India's largest telecom tower firms—could also merge in the near future.
“Indus-Infratel merger remains a potential and is always a possibility,” said Bharti Infratel chairman Gupta said adding, “But it's a shareholders' matter and we are not in a position to comment much on this.”
Mint had on 23 February reported that Bharti Infratel and Indus Towers are planning to merge their businesses, citing three people aware of the matter.
Meanwhile, growth triggers for Bharti Infratel include the merged entity of Vodafone and Idea Cellular increasing tenancy, and Reliance Jio rolling out services.
“Jio has completed their earlier phase of growth at the end of the second quarter and are planning for the next phase of growth and rollout, and we are hoping to get a fair share of business,” Rawat said.
WWE Rumors: Wrestlemania 34 to be held in New Orleans
Wrestlemania 34 has found a home!
by Rohit Nath News 02 Jan 2017, 12:15 IST
Wrestlemania XXX was held in New Orleans
What's the story?
Pro Wrestling Sheet reported that Wrestlemania 34 will be held in New Orleans, Louisiana. PWS stated:
“Multiple sources with direct knowledge tell us WWE officials will soon announce that WrestleMania is returning to New Orleans in 2018.”
In case you didn't know...
Wrestlemania 30 was held in New Orleans, in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome stadium. The historic 30th anniversary of Wrestlemania saw The Undertaker's legendary Wrestlemania streak come to an end at the hands of Brock Lesnar.
The night was capped off with Daniel Bryan standing tall as WWE World Heavyweight Champion, to a sea of “Yes!” chants
This will be WWE's second Wrestlemania at New Orleans in four years. The stadium filled 75,167 for Wrestlemania XXX.
The heart of the matter
The news has been met with some criticism among fans. Many expected Wrestlemania 34 to be in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at the U.S. Bank Stadium as this is what has been rumoured for over a year now. However, it looks like they will have to wait longer.
WWE has a good relationship with the government of New Orleans, similar to their relationship with Orlando and the state of Florida in general. Also, it must be noted that 2018 is the 300th anniversary of the city of New Orleans. As a result, they are looking to get in as many big events as possible.
The government in New Orleans is said to give good tax breaks and ensure hotels and other facilities offer good, attractive prices, which is why it is a preferred location by WWE. This time around, it is very likely that they took a step further to ensure they win the bid to hold Wrestlemania.
The government of Orlando won the bid for 2017, where Wrestlemania 33 is set to be held this year. They openly stated that they placed a bid for 2018 as well, but they seem to be unsuccessful this time around. Wrestlemania 33 will be held at the Camping World Stadium, which was also host to Wrestlemania 24.
However, back then it was known as the “Citrus Bowl”
What's next?
Although PWS stated that the announcement is expected to happen ‘soon', it generally always takes place a month before the coming Wrestlemania. This means that the official announcement will take place sometime in March in a press conference. Last year, on March 8th, WWE announced Orlando to be the host of Wrestlemania 33.
However, it should be noted that Raw is in New Orleans on January 9th, so it could be hinted at or possibly even announced then.
Sportskeeda's Take
New Orleans is a logical, feasible option to host a Wrestlemania. Despite the criticism, New Orleans outbid all the other cities and can offer the best for their 300th anniversary year. Not to mention, it will do wonders in terms of economic impact as it always does for the host cities.
Wrestlemania has become its own brand, and it truly is a pop-culture extravaganza. Given how they managed to sell out the AT&T Stadium for Wrestlemania 32 and create an all-time attendance record, they should have no issue selling out 75,000+ tickets for Wrestlemania 33.
Tweet Speak
For everyone writing me about a tweet from November saying Mania would be in NOLA, the deal was only recently made official. — Ryan Satin (@ryansatin) January 2, 2017
Wrestling With Words tweeted about it back in November, when the talks were still happening
WrestleMania 34 will be in New Orleans. — Wrestling With Words (@wrestlewords) November 11, 2016
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
JEDDAH — The Health Ministry will intensify inspection of pharmacies, private and public hospitals, primary healthcare centers and polyclinics to prevent malpractices and punish violators, said its spokesman Mishaal Al-Rubaiaan.
“We'll punish pharmacies that sell antibiotics without a doctor's prescription. We have received several complaints in this respect,” he told Al-Madina Arabic daily.
Many pharmacies in the Kingdom sell medicine without a prescription, which is illegal.
Meanwhile, experts have cited many reasons for patients approaching pharmacies directly to receive medicine without visiting a doctor or hospital.
These include lack of insurance, high fees charged by private hospitals, overcrowding and long procedures at government hospitals.
“Many patients are unaware of the importance of consulting a doctor before purchasing medicine from a pharmacy. It's a dangerous practice because there are many unqualified and inexperienced pharmacists,” an expert told the daily.
Subhi Al-Haddad, a clinical pharmacist, said many patients go straight to pharmacists to get medicine to save money, especially when they do not have medical insurance to cover their healthcare expenses.
“Some others follow this practice to save time as they do not have the patience or time to wait for long procedures and wait in long queues at hospitals,” he told Al-Madina.
Al-Haddad said that most pharmacists in the Kingdom are qualified and have received the certification of Saudi authorities to practice the profession.
A pharmacist's duty is to explain how to take and preserve medicine properly and its dosage. It's not their duty to prescribe medicine. “There are certain medicine that should not be given without the prescription of a licensed doctor, like antibiotics, cortisone compounds, and anti-pregnancy pills,” he explained.
Dr. Saleh Abdul Rahman Al-Madani, a medical and food consultant, cited economic reasons for people to approach pharmacies directly to get medication.
“Most Saudis, especially those who work in the public sector, do not have medical insurance,” he pointed out.
Al-Madani said most pharmacies do not follow the ministry's rules and regulations. “It's an international law that medicine should not be sold without a valid prescription,” he added.
Considering patient safety and the severity of current malpractice, it is time for regulatory authorities to take concrete measures to implement the drug sale regulations outlined in the 1978 Saudi drug law, one expert said.
Springboks set to start with 7 new players in Wales test
Springboks set to start with 7 new players in Wales test
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 16:33 IST 6 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Springboks coach Rassie Erasmus will give at least seven players their test debut under stand-in captain Pieter-Steph du Toit in the game against Wales in Washington this weekend.
Alongside the seven uncapped players listed to start, there are six uncapped players on the bench. In his first team selection on Wednesday since taking over as coach in March, Erasmus also chose four players who have five or less test appearances. Du Toit, with 32 caps, is the most experienced player.
The uncapped players to start in Erasmus' experimental lineup in the United States on Saturday are prop Ox Nche, lock Jason Jenkins, flanker Kwagga Smith, scrumhalf Ivan van Zyl, center Andre Esterhuizen and wings Makazole Mapimpi and Travis Ismaiel.
Although the team indicates Erasmus' willingness to give new players a chance, many of his senior players, including new test captain Siya Kolisi, will sit out the Wales game and stay in South Africa to prepare instead for the three-test home series against England starting on June 9.
After naming Kolisi as the Springboks' first black test captain, Erasmus chose 11 non-white players in the matchday squad of 23 for the Wales test.
That's significant for a sport and a team that was closely aligned to South Africa's previous apartheid regime and has often been under scrutiny for the apparent dominance of white players even after apartheid ended.
Erasmus, a former Springboks player, has been tasked with restoring South Africa's rugby reputation following two disastrous years under Allister Coetzee, who coached the Springboks to a string of humiliating defeats.
For Wales, Erasmus selected only three regulars from the Coetzee days: Center Jesse Kriel, flyhalf Elton Jantjies and second-rower du Toit.
However, South Africa will likely revert to a more experienced lineup in the first test against England in Johannesburg next weekend.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Talk about panic stations. Antonio Conte - the man who won the title in his debut Premier League season - is now the favourite to win the sack race. After one game.
The champions launched their title defence in the worst possible manner, losing 3-2 at home to Burnley with two players (Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas) seeing red.
They take on Tottenham next at Wembley - and the bookmakers are already fearing the worst for the Italian.
Conte, who only recently signed a two-year contract extension at Stamford Bridge, is the 10/3 favourite to lose his job first, with Stoke's Mark Hughes and West Ham boss Slaven Bilic trailing behind in the market.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: PA Wire)
And Conte is priced at 16/1 to lose his job within 24 hours if Chelsea lose to their London rivals on Sunday - or 10/1 to leave before the end of the month.
“The early signs suggest Conte could be suffering from second season syndrome,” said Ladbrokes spokesman Alex Apati.
“And that's led punters to pile in on the Chelsea boss being the first managerial casualty of the campaign."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Rex Features)
Former Barcelona boss Luis Enrique is the early leader in the market to replace Conte, should he be axed, at odds of 4/1.
Aston Villa defender John Terry is listed at 20/1 - behind former boss Carlo Ancelotti at 14s - to make an immediate return to the Bridge as Conte's successor.
Below, we have listed the full odds for the first Premier League manager to be axed this season.
Premier League Sack Race - click here for latest odds
Antonio Conte 10/3
Mark Hughes 4/1
Slaven Bilic 4/1
Rafael Benítez 9/2
Frank de Boer 9/1
Craig Shakespeare 12/1
Chris Hughton 16/1
Paul Clement 16/1
Sean Dyche 16/1
Tony Pulis 16/1
David Wagner 20/1
Marco Silva 20/1
Mauricio Pellegrino 20/1
Jurgen Klopp 25/1
Ronald Koeman 25/1
Arsene Wenger 33/1
Eddie Howe 33/1
Jose Mourinho 40/1
Mauricio Pochettino 40/1
Pep Guardiola 50/1
Dr. Norman Buckley, scientific director of the Michael G. DeGroote Institute for Pain Research and Care at McMaster University, also heads the Chronic Pain Network through a five-year funding arrangement with the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. He said the aim is to train researchers and translate that knowledge into policy action.
"Guys come in, they sit in my office and cry because they can't pick up their grandchildren," Buckley said of patients with back pain, one of the most common chronic-pain conditions, along with arthritis.
While groups including PainBC and SaskPain are working to get provincial funding for multidisciplinary pain clinics, Quebec leads the country with a strategy that incorporates care as well as research.
Jacques Laliberte, immediate past-president of the Quebec Association of Chronic Pain Patients, said that in 2010, the province established centres of expertise at hospitals linked with four of its universities before creating regional centres to provide chronic-pain services.
"Our main activity right now is to have support groups throughout the province of Quebec and we have about 17 of them," said Laliberte, who nearly broke his neck in a snowboarding accident in 2003 before taking on the role of leading the association he helped form at the urging of a doctor.
More regional centres are needed in Quebec, Laliberte said, adding: "We're still striving to get chronic pain understood by decision makers."
In Ontario, the provincial government enhanced funding in 2016 for its current 18 multidisciplinary clinics as part of a pain management plan that includes a strategy to prevent opioid addiction. It also expanded training for primary care providers via case-based learning and video-conferencing sessions to manage chronic pain, the province's Health Ministry said in a statement.
"A data-driven national pain strategy would help inform ministry work in Ontario," it says.
Dr. Owen Williamson, president of the Pain Medicine Physicians of B.C. Society, said chronic pain affects one in five Canadians, many of whom develop anxiety and depression.
"There's more disability associated with chronic pain than with hypertension, diabetes, HIV and even cancer," he said.
"It's a $60-billion drain a year on our economy," said Williamson of visits to doctors' offices, emergency-room and surgeries.
Williamson, who treats patients at a clinic in Surrey as part of a team of health-care providers including physiotherapists, psychologists and social workers, said Australia has led the way with its national pain strategy.
"For example, in New South Wales, they've shown greater access to pain management services, pain and disability outcomes are better, the use of opioids has been reduced, deaths through suicide are reduced and there's been a reduced impact of the cost of managing pain."
Canada needs "political champions" in order to create its own pain strategy, he said.
Health Canada has not committed to any action. It said in a statement it's aware of "recent calls for a national pain strategy, including those proposed by the Chronic Pain Network and the Canadian Pain Society, and understands the importance of a responsible approach to pain management for Canadians."
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
NEW YORK — Rev your engines, comedy fans: Jerry Seinfeld is hitting the road again.
The TV legend is back behind the wheel for a 10th season of "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee," streaming on Netflix Friday. The show, which moves from Sony Crackle, centres on lively conversations between Seinfeld and fellow comedians as they drive around in classic vehicles and stop for cups of java.
The new batch of 12 episodes, which range from 15 to 20 minutes, features a star-studded guest roster including Dave Chappelle, John Mulaney, Alec Baldwin and Tracy Morgan. Seinfeld, 64, chatted about his favourite guests, politics and why he won't have U.S. President Donald Trump on the show.
Question: Who were you most excited to invite on the show this season?
Jerry Seinfeld: Jerry Lewis, who was an idol of mine from childhood. Kate McKinnon, who I'm kind of obsessed with, because she's an incredibly talented person. Zach Galifianakis and I collided: We took his show, "Between Two Ferns," and my show and crashed them together, so that was really fun. It was like "The Munsters" go visit "The Addams Family."
Q: Which make better guests: good friends, or comedians you're less familiar with but get to know?
Seinfeld: They're both good. I had Ellen DeGeneres, who I knew in the early '80s and hadn't seen in many years, so it was great to see her again. It's fun to see somebody that you knew from the early knockaround days and go, "Hey, congratulations. You made it."
Q: Who's on your wish list?
Seinfeld: I really want to have Jamie Foxx on the show next season. I'm a huge fan of his — he started as a standup. I bumped into him at this event the other night and was reminded of how incredibly funny he is. He does so many other things that you forget he's really a comic.
Q: You've said many times that you don't like getting political in your comedy -
