By The Associated Press
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Monsignor Hilarion Capucci, who was an archbishop in Jerusalem when Israel convicted him in 1976 of using his diplomatic status to smuggle arms to Palestinian militants in the occupied West Bank, has died. He was 94.
The Vatican on Monday confirmed reports the Capucci had died in Rome, but provided no details, including when.
A native of Aleppo, Syria, the Greek-Melkite priest had a history of activism linked to the Palestinian and other Middle East conflicts.
After he served two years in an Israeli prison for the conviction, he was released due to Vatican intervention and deported.
He was 86 in 2009 when he was aboard an aid ship bound for the Gaza Strip that Israel intercepted.
In 2000, Capucci led an anti-sanctions delegation to Iraq.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
NO MORE? Melissa Lyfield and Andrew Yarrow at a former Boonah State High formal parade, which may not be held in future due to additional costs.
NEW traffic compliance rules could mean the end of iconic community events in the close-knit town of Boonah.
Traditional street parades like the annual school formal, Anzac Day or the SPAR Arts Festival could now leave organisers anywhere between $2000-$3000 out of pocket and may force some to stop for good, says outraged Scenic Rim councillor Rick Stanfield.
"We've been doing this safely for decades and now we have to get a piece of paper, have a management plan and, as our engineers estimate, pay thousands of dollars for each community event. What can you say, it just beggars belief," he said.
"I just throw my hands in the air and say, someone needs to rethink this."
The Department of Transport and Main Roads recently made a decision to adopt Australian Standard AS1742 Manual of Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) as part of national harmonisation.
The new rules aim to create a national standard at roadworks that is the same Australia-wide.
Cr Rick Stanfield says the costs will put a stop to a number of community events. Inga Williams
Prior to the changes, SES officers and community volunteers have successfully controlled pedestrians and traffic when Boonah's streets are closed off for events.
Now, Cr Stanfield said, the manual changes would require professional, accredited traffic controllers to work every event where a street is closed off and to be paid for their work, meaning organisers of events would be forced to pay thousands.
"Compliance is stagnating our country. If we had been having a problem before I would understand but there is no logic to this," he said.
"Council will look at its main events and will make a decision on how this will affect its bottom line but other (community groups) won't be able to afford it.
"The community has not been consulted. lawmakers need to come here and see what impact things like this have on a small town like Boonah. I think we could team them a few lessons."
Member for Beaudesert Jon Krause has already registered his opposition to what he describes is a "insulting" changes.
"I'm completely opposed to the changes. They pose a devastating impact for local government and community groups," he said.
"For the State Government to say we need paid traffic controllers at these events which have been managed safety for years or even generations is an insult to this community and its traditions."
The Department of Transport website states that "harmonisation will be carried out in stages and is anticipated to be completed by mid-2018".
Mr Krause has called for the State Government to reconsider the changes before then.
"It's a tax on the spirit of this community. It's a tax on Anzac Day, it's a tax on the formal parade and on Christmas celebrations," he said.
"I've registered my concerns with the Minister for Main Roads and have asked him urgently to consider getting local government and community groups' perspectives on this."
MAE SAI, Thailand — Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said she had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that her son would be found.
"It's like he has been given a new life," she said, adding that she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
Analysis: CNN gave three times more coverage to the alleged ‘secret meeting' between President Trump and Vladimir Putin at a G-20 dinner than former President Barack Obama's infamous hot mic gaffe with Russia's former president in 2012, according to a study by Media Research Center Newsbusters.
The MRC study contrasted CNN's coverage with that of the March 2012 conversation between Obama and then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
Obama's microphone was on during the exchange where he told Medvedev that “This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility.”
Medvedev responded: “I understand. I will transmit this information to Vladimir [Putin].”
According to the MRC study, during the same timeframe on March 26, 2012, CNN spent roughly 25 minutes discussing Obama's misfire.
CNN host Wolf Blitzer described the incident in 2012 as “awkward,” while the network's hosts used the Trump-Putin talk to discuss the president's “credibility” and his “posture in regard to Russia.”
Newsbusters, showed that from the time the news broke late Tuesday afternoon on the previously undisclosed Trump-Putin talk through around midnight, CNN spent over 75 minutes covering the discussion.
Click here for the report from Newsbusters, “CNN Gives Three Times More Coverage to Trump Dinner Than Obama's Hot Mic.”
Thus in summary: CNN thinks dinner talk is more important than secret missile talk with Russia.
For the record, Barack Obama taught the criminality of Saul Alinsky at the Chicago Law School and to the disgraced criminal organization ACORN. In previous generations, this topic would have been more correctly named communism.
Questlove to appear at opening of Fish Tank, a beer garden at Fillmore May 29
Dre's: Southern-style ice cream for the world, from a hole in the wall in West Philly
Dre's: Southern-style ice cream for the world, from a hole in the wall in West Philly May 30
Michael Klein has written about Philadelphia's restaurant scene since 1993 in his Inquirer column, “Table Talk,” and on his Philly.com blog, “The Insider.”
Rittenhouse has become chain city in the last few years, and there's more on the way. This week, I'll tell you about the newest occupant and what's coming. Also, we visit a sandwich ship in Chestnut Hill, a Thai BYOB in Montco, a tavern in Gloucester County, and an Old City bar where the $5 flatbreads are bigger than your head. It's also Philly Beer Week, for which Craig LaBan offers 10 stops over the 10 days. Need food news? Click here and follow me on Twitter and Instagram. Email tips, ideas, and questions here. If someone forwarded you this newsletter and you like it, sign up here to get it every week. It's free.
— Michael Klein
Everything's poke-dokey in Rittenhouse
Poke — the Hawaiian-style bowls of fish, rice, and toppings — have become a thing in town, what with Poke Bowl in Northern Liberties, Oishii in Chinatown, Red Poke Express in Queen Village, and the genuine Poi Dog in Rittenhouse.
New to you is The PokéSpot, a small, NYC-based operation now in the soft-opening phase at 1804 Chestnut St. (Bowls will be BOGO for the grand opening Friday, June 1.) PokeSpot's shtick is extreme variety. Pick two proteins ($11.50) or three ($13.99), such as salmon, tuna, chicken, tofu, which you place on a base (rice, zucchini noodles, salad, cauliflower rice). Sauce and unlimited toppings follow (mango, cucumber, edamame, kale, pickled ginger, etc.) It's set up mainly as a takeout.
This is a fine opportunity to tell you about four more chains that soon expect to join the Rittenhouse circuit, already home to such brands as Honeygrow, Sweetgreen, Chipotle, and Five Guys.
CAVA, a Mediterranean fast-casual, is going into 1713 Chestnut St., next to a forthcoming Paris Baguette location.
Hummus Republic, also a Mediterranean fast-casual, is setting up at 115 S. 18th St.
On the sitdown side (and probably opening closer to fall) is Inchin's Bamboo Garden, bringing Indo-Chinese fusion cooking to 1726 Chestnut St.
Where we're enjoying happy hour
Silence DoGood's Tavern
216 Market St., 5-7 p.m. weekdays
Newly renovated, this chill Old City drop-in rocks not only a respectable tap list (14, mainly locals) but also a menu of tasty values. Take the daily flatbread ($5). Since DoGood's shares a kitchen with the pizzeria Big Ass Slices next door, expect massive hunks of deliciousness. This El Diablo, with pepperoni, sausage, hot peppers, and sriracha, measured an honest 9×12. A perfect share.
Where we're eating: Louie's Little Hut, Rice & Curry, Center Square Tavern
Blink and you may miss the green sign for Louie's Little Hut, tucked behind a kids' clothing store on Germantown Avenue in Chestnut Hill. The Hawaiian-surfer-themed bruncherie, which opened last fall for breakfast and lunch, specializes in burgers and hot dogs. The brioche roll from Conshohocken Bakery transforms the double-patty burgers into something you'll want to hang 10 fingers around. If you can, snag a table beneath the trees in the sweet little garden.
Phonebook-size menus usually are not a good sign, but chef Natthapong “BT” Thaglaewphan delivers at his new Rice & Curry, a BYO that replaced the longtime Pistachio Grille in Maple Glen (address says “Ambler”), suitable for families or date night. You get beautifully plated, amply portioned Thai cuisine (e.g. pad Thai, curries, krapow duck), with a smattering of Japanese dishes (kaki furai, tempura) and — why not? — poke bowls. There's also a full sushi menu, though it's made in the back, which may detract from the experience.
Chef Jim Malaby, whose blueplate in Mullica Hill is a go-to in that slice of Gloucester County, has gone the tavern route for #2, setting up the roomy but comfy Center Square Tavern in nearby Woolwich Township. Attracts everyone, from families to business lunchers to happy-hourers, with ramped-up pub food and downtown-style cocktails. Don't miss obscene desserts such as cookie-dough-stuffed doughnuts.
Dining Notes
First off: Felicitaciones to chef Jose Garces, who marries longtime girlfriend Jill Schmeltzer on Saturday, June 2.
It's the debut weekend of Fish Tank, an outdoor beer-spirits garden next to the Fillmore in Fishtown. Doors open at 7 p.m. Saturday, June 2. Questlove is due to spin Sunday, June 3. Info is here.
Reminder that Sunday, June 3 is Burger Brawl, a contest where the public can sample burgers, tacos, and cocktails. Chase Rice will perform, too. It's outside at Xfinity Live, from 2 to 6 p.m. Ticket info is here.
Pencil in Monday, June 4, because Famous Toastery in Exton will mark National Cheese Day by giving out grilled cheese sandwiches to kid ages 12 and under. Grown-ups get 50 percent off any cheese melt, as well.
Next week (June 6) is the start of Center City Sips, the happy-hour deal.
This week's openings
PokéSpot | Rittenhouse
New York entrepreneurs, lured here by lunchtime crowds at Sweetgreen, are going the poke route at 1804 Chestnut St. Friday's grand opening will be BOGO.
Libertine | Washington Square West
Chef Derek Davis, who rode the wave that was Manayunk back in the day, is back in business at this soon-to-debut bistro in the new Fairfield Suites at 13th and Spruce Streets.
Wander Inn | South Philadelphia
Jonn Klein (The Dive, Watkins Drinkery) has revived the retro bar name in a cozy new location at Third and Porter Streets (the former Otis & Pickles). Pool table on the second floor. Chef Shawn Zakaluzny is new in town from Florida.
This week's closings
Le Cheri | Rittenhouse
The French hideaway in the Art Alliance off Rittenhouse Square has called it a day. Chef/owner Pierre Calmels has the city's ne plus ultra of BYOBs, Bibou.
Palaa'a | Ardmore
“Health issues” are the stated reason for the closing of this yearling Venezuelan-style seafooder with the uncommon name on Lancaster Avenue.
Zento | Old City
“Just moving on,” says owner Darin Picorella, explaining his sushi spot's closing.
Craig LaBan answers your dining questions
Question: It's Philly Beer Week again – what are the can't-miss events?
Craig LaBan: I'm excited about this 11th annual Philly Beer Week, which is now under the aegis of Philly Loves Beer, a nonprofit that promotes beer locally all year long. This 10-day period is always an intense time to explore new flavors and meet some industry luminaries. And for day one on Friday, June 1, “Opening Tap” at the Fillmore is always a blast to launch the fest, and a perfect way to get a big gulp of many participating brewers in one place – including several excellent cider makers, too. For your map to the best local brews, check out the results of the Inquirer's recent Brewvivational beer competition to help bring some order to the foamy chaos.
June 2 Try to get to Monk's Cafe to meet the Alchemist's John Kimmich, the man behind the Vermont brewery's Heady Topper and the hazy New England IPA trend. But Monk's events are always among the toughest tickets around. Saturday will also be a big day at Strangelove's, which gets visits from the brewers of Burial Beer Co. (Asheville, N.C.), local stars Forest & Main and 2SP, plus Maine's Liquid Riot, which also will be sampling its amaro.
June 3: Wake up to brunch with Oxbow from Maine, one of my favorite wild ale brewers, at Khyber Pass, which has one of the city's best NOLA-style menus. Some bananas Foster French toast with a funky Loretta chaser sounds like a “yes, please,” kind of morning to me.
June 4: Everyone's an indie-brewing star in his or her own garage, but some of the area's best homebrewers get their true moment of glory in the beer week sun at Jose Pistola's annual Extreme Homebrew Challenge.
June 5: It's hard enough to spell Brettanomyces while sober. After a few pints of St. Benjamin's Abbey Dubbel, all those consonant-crazy yeast strains can really get wild at the third annual Drunk Spelling Bee at the P.O.P.E.
June 6: Learn about the art behind some of the catchiest local beer labels with a panel of experts at U-Bahn.
June 7: Explore the funky artistry of four rare wild yeast beers fermented in Allagash's legendary “coolship” open-top fermenter, served at Tria Taproom along with some Cherry Grove cheese washed in Coolship Red.
June 8: If you haven't yet tasted one of Philly's best new local saison producers, Brewery ARS, it'll be featured at the Garage on East Passyunk Avenue, along with some artisan jerky from Righteous Felon to keep you thirsty.
June 9: Fishtown FestivAle takes over Frankford Avenue all day Saturday with food, vendors, music, and beer.
June 10: It'll be “kick the keg” time for most venues on the festival's last day. But in Berwyn, Brewvi winner La Cabra will be hosting a fresh event, its first “Suburban Love Pop-up Beer Garden,” with 10 other breweries pouring in their parking lot out back. It's right across from the SEPTA station, so it'll be convenient for city dwellers to get a taste of some of that fine suburban beer love, too.
Email Craig here.
Lords Of Acid – Lust
"Lust" is the debut album by Belgian electronic band Lords Of Acid. Originally released in 1991 "Lust" spawned a series of club hits. As the album's title implies, the tracks touch upon various sexually-related topics, complimented by hardcore techno/new beat/rave electronica sound. This Special Remastered Band Edition features bonus tracks selected from B-sides from the album's singles.
This post is syndicated from AlterNation Music Magazine.
GIFT University witnessed a landmark celebration on the occasion of its 6th convocation at the main campus on January 28, as it commemorated the academic accomplishments of its students by awarding medals, degrees, and certificates.
Punjab Governor Punjab Malik Rafique Rajwana, nominated the GIFT University Rector Dr Qaiser Shehryar Durrani to preside over the ceremony, while Prof Muhammad Nizamuddin, Chairperson of the Punjab Higher Education Commission graced the event as the guest of honour.
Dr Nizamuddin emphasised the importance of higher education in Pakistan and urged the private sector to further support the rich potential of human resource in the region. He also gave assurances that the PHEC is striving hard to award scholarships in collaboration with international universities for PhD students. He also acknowledged the vital role of GIFT University is playing in developing the region.
Polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) is typically a thermoplastic polyester produced from the polycondensation of cyclohexylene-dimethanol and terephthalic acid. The chemical structure of polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) is quite similar to that of polyethylene terephthalate (PET). Moreover, the properties of polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) such as dimensional stability and chemical resistance are same as that of polyethylene terephthalate (PET).
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=3609
Furthermore, PCT is principally resistant to hydrolysis and high temperatures. Owing to all such properties, polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) is growingly used for high temperature applications such as injection molding. The growing demand from applications such as injection molding is expected to drive the demand for polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) in the next few years.
Polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) has stupendous dimensional stability at high temperatures. This property makes polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) highly appropriate for high temperature applications such as injection molding. Polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) is mainly used for the production of thin-walled parts by injection molding process. Polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) is often used for the production of electronics components such as plug connectors. Moreover, polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) is processed into fibers, fabrics and filaments that are mainly utilized in filtration applications. Furthermore, owing to properties such as lower density and color stability, polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) is used in the production of LED reflectors. The growing demand from electronic component manufacturers is predicted to drive the global polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) in the next few years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polycyclohexylenedimethylene-terephthalate-market.html
Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market for polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) in the next six years. The main reason for this is the growing demand for polycyclohexylenedimethylene terephthalate (PCT) from emergent countries such as China, India, Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand. The population in these countries is growing at a stupendous rate which is eventually resulting in an increase in the overall customer base. Moreover, due to the rapid economic development of these countries, the disposable income and the purchase parity of the citizens of these countries is growing which is further resulting in magnification of the total customer base in these countries.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
By The Associated Press
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) — Actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport, NBC-TV reported Tuesday.
Ford, 74, was told to land his single-engine plane on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but he mistakenly landed it on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby, NBC reported (http://nbcnews.to/2kHo2iu ).
“Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” Ford is heard asking air traffic controllers in a recording, NBC reported.
American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas a few minutes later.
Advertisement
Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined comment Tuesday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was piloting the Aviat Husky that overflew the Boeing 737, but he said the pilot received and had read back the proper landing instructions.
The FAA is investigating, Gregor said.
Ford collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator. But he has had several close calls.
In March 2015, Ford suffered a broken arm and a gashed forehead when his World War II-era trainer crashed on a Los Angeles golf course when it lost power shortly after takeoff.
In 1999, Ford crash-landed his helicopter during a training flight in which he and an instructor were practicing auto rotations in Ventura County, northwest of Los Angeles. Ford and the instructor were unhurt.
Ford was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza in 2000 when wind shear forced him to make an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska. Ford and his passenger were uninjured when the plane clipped the runway, but its wing tips were damaged, officials said.
They're only 7 millimeters wide, but these coins appear to be a big find.
The Temple Mount Sifting Project recently discovered five rare coins dating from the 4th century B.C. This doubles the number unearthed so far and provides some of the earliest evidence of Jewish coin minting in Israel.
According to The Times of Israel, the coins come from around the period of time described in Ezra and Nehemiah.
The two biblical books record the Jewish people returning to Jerusalem and beginning the construction of the Second Temple by the decree of Cyrus the Great, the king of Persia.
The coins were minted when the Jews were allowed semiautonomous rule of a province called Yehud Medinata with Jerusalem as its capital under the Persian Empire.
“These were the first coins ever minted by Jews,” Zachi Dvira, co-director of the Temple Mount Sifting Project, told YNet. “They express the people's return to their land after the Babylonian exile and their ability to hold and maintain diplomatic ties with the ruling empire.”
Three of the coins have visible markings, but two others have become too worn to read. The marked coins point to a Jewish culture heavily influenced by outside forces.
Drawing from the Athenian Oboi, the most popular coin of the time, these Jewish coins feature the same barn owl design, but change the Greek abbreviation of Athens to a Hebrew abbreviation of the province.
“The only Jewish symbol on these coins is the lily, characteristic of Jewish art in Jerusalem and a frequent design used in the Temple,” wrote Yaakov Meshorer, a now-deceased Israeli coin expert, in a 1978 Biblical Archaeology Review article about other similar coins.
The Times of Israel said there were five local coin mints in the land of Israel during the time of the Persian Empire – the Jerusalem, Philistian, Edomite, Samarian and Dor classes.
The newly discovered coins are part of the Temple Mount Sifting Project, which takes earth removed from the Temple Mount by Muslim administrators and combs through it looking for artifacts.
Work began in 2004 and close to 70 percent of the recovered dirt has been sifted. Dvira assumes the project will find more coins in the remaining earth.
The coins aren't the only significant archaeological discovery made by the sifting project. Previously, researchers found what they contend is a seal belonging to a priest from the First Temple in Jerusalem.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Aaron Earls is online editor of Facts & Trends, factsandtrends.net, where this article first appeared.)
More than 200 workers at Alcoa's refinery in Kwinana walked off the job recently in industrial action aimed at improving their enterprise bargaining agreement.
The action took place from Friday, March 9, to Tuesday, March 13, before the protesters returned to work.
Australian Workers' Union secretary Mike Zoetbrood said about 1500 members took part in the strike across five sites.
“At Fair Work Commission conciliation conferences held on Wednesday and Thursday last week, the AWU negotiating committee and Alcoa representatives reached agreement to participate in intensive bargaining sessions with the guidance and assistance of the commission,” he said.
“Whilst these negotiations are proceeding, the AWU will not undertake any further industrial action, and Alcoa will not progress an application to terminate the current enterprise agreement.
“This is a positive step forward that safeguards our members' terms and conditions.
“It will enable both parties to focus on the negotiations and strive towards securing an Enterprise agreement that is ultimately acceptable to AWU members.”
An Alcoa spokeswoman said contingency plans were implemented to ensure operations were not affected during the strike.
See who is being considered for the incoming administration on our Tracking the Transition page.
REAL ESTATE
Douglas Elliman Real Estate has some new hires.
Jennifer Alessi of Massapequa Park, a sales agent in Massapequa, was a marketing director at Marcum LLP accountants in Melville.
Jianhui (Linda) Li of Jericho, an associate broker in Massapequa, was with Keller Williams Realty in Massapequa.
Mark Cohen of Massapequa Park, an associate broker in Massapequa, was with Keller Williams Realty Elite in Massapequa Park.
Amanda Cipolla of Long Beach, a sales agent in Long Beach, was with Caliber Associates in Manhattan.
Shannon O'Neill of Sayville, a sales agent in Sayville, is also a teacher's assistant in the Longwood Central School District.
Suzanne Calicchio of Commack, a sales agent in Smithtown, also owns Travel America RV Center Inc. in Commack.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
To be included in People on the Move, send information and color photos about job moves, promotions and other work achievements by fax to 631-843-2065, by email to peopleonthemove@newsday.com, or by mail to People on the Move, 235 Pinelawn Rd., Melville, NY 11747-4250.
NEW YORK — Sunday marked the ten year anniversary of the Virginia Tech massacre, in which 32 students and faculty members were murdered. The killer that day paused in between shootings to mail to NBC News a manifesto in which he attempted to rationalize the attack. It arrived two days later.
Ten years later, murderers can just get on Facebook Live and attempt to rationalize their actions to their Facebook friends in real time.
That's what happened on Sunday afternoon. The shooting of an elderly man in Cleveland — by a suspect who held his phone in one hand and a gun in the other — caused a manhunt that was still underway a day later.
The suspect recorded the shooting and uploaded it to Facebook. Then he logged onto Facebook Live, the social network's relatively new live-streaming tool, and described the attack.
The suspect also posted status updates and tagged various friends in them. He claimed that he killed 15 other people, but police have not found evidence of any additional victims. His Facebook page was removed — but not for “several hours” after the attack, according to The Verge.
The shooting has renewed a set of questions about Facebook's multiple roles and responsibilities in both the virtual world and the real world.
Among them: Should the company be doing more to identify and remove violent videos more quickly? Do live-stream capabilities cause more harm than good?
Other Silicon Valley giants, like Google's YouTube, have also come under scrutiny as users have publicized and shared crimes on social networks.
But Facebook's sheer ubiquity has put the company front and center.
“Since its launch, Live has provided an unedited look at police shootings, rape, torture, and enough suicides that Facebook will be integrating real-time suicide prevention tools into the platform,” Wired's Emily Dreyfuss wrote Sunday. “And though murders have been captured by witnesses on Facebook Live—and people have even been killed as they were streaming to the service—this appears to be the first time a killer has streamed themselves preparing to commit a homicide, and then uploading the act itself, as happened” in Cleveland.
Copies of the shooting video have circulated on Facebook, Twitter and other sites. The tech companies have algorithms and teams of human editors who are constantly removing graphic and disturbing material.
On Sunday afternoon, Facebook said in a statement, “This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook. We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
The company said it had no further updates on Monday.
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) — Jeff Horn's reward for a successful first title defense since a contentious win over Manny Pacquiao could be a potential bout with Terence Crawford.
A failure could send him back into boxing obscurity.
Horn wants to use his WBO welterweight title defense against Gary Corcoran on Wednesday to dispel any notion that he got a hometown decision against Pacquiao in Brisbane last July. If he gets his way, it could set him up for a big 2018.
Top Rank promoter Bob Arum attended Tuesday's weigh-in and said a win here “will lead to massive fights coming next year.”
Advertisement
“I think Pacquiao is going to return to the ring. Terence Crawford will be the mandatory for this fight. The biggest building in Las Vegas is on hold for this fight,” Arum said. “Going to have a tremendous year in the welterweight division and these two participants … will be giving it their all to see who will go ahead as part of these major programs that will take place next year.”
Horn, now unbeaten in 18 bouts, knows what it's like to be given no chance of beating the champion, so he is trying to think only about Corcoran at the Brisbane Convention Centre. That's not far from where he beat Pacquiao in front of more than 51,000 fans in an outdoor bout at a regular rugby venue.
“I've got until after this fight to start having discussions,” he said. “He's definitely a possibility if I can manage to get through Gary first.”
The Australian former schoolteacher was written off before taking on Pacquiao (59-7-2), but pressured the eight-division champion for 12 rounds in an upset that changed the trajectory of his career.
Pacquiao's camp disputed the unanimous decision, which was widely panned by critics but later confirmed after further scrutiny by the World Boxing Organization. Pacquiao had a rematch clause for the Horn fight, but so far hasn't committed to a date or venue.
Corcoran is 17-1 since turning pro in 2011 and is ranked 10th by the WBO. He is the underdog and is fighting outside of Britain and Ireland for the first time for his first world title.
Trainer Peter Stanley said his boxer would not be intimidated by the situation.
“We've fought away from home before in front of bigger, more hostile crowds against bigger boys,” Stanley said. “There's nothing new here.”
The buildup to the fight has been overshadowed by accusations from the Corcoran camp that Horn resorted to head-butting Pacquiao, and claims from the British-based boxer that he would resort to biting if confronted with the same circumstances. At the official news conference, one of Corcoran's trainers held up a laptop computer to show images of Horn clashing heads with opponents and later wore a cap with a glove attached at the top in a swipe at the head-butting claims.
Horn and his trainer Glenn Rushton responded by wearing caps with a pair of boxing gloves on top of earmuffs to protect from biting.
Both boxers were expecting an aggressive, walk-up style of fight.
Rushton said Horn would be furious but fair.
“It is boxing. It's not table tennis — it's tough,” Rushton said. “Stop (complaining) — Jeff's one of the fairest fighters in the world.”
Corcoran doesn't have a high profile, and even ring announcer Michael Buffer mistakenly called him by the wrong name at the weigh-in.
“Does it matter?” Stanley said. “He'll know his name afterward, I promise you that — he won't forget it.
“Gary's a consummate pro. He's come here to fight and win. They both made weight, they're both fit. The only difference is Jeff's got the world title and Gary wants it.”
× Crews Battle Fire in Shamokin
SHAMOKIN — Crews were called to a fire in Northumberland County.
Smoke could be seen pouring from the building on North Shamokin Street.
It started around 10 p.m. Monday.
There's no word if anyone was hurt or what might have started the fire.
Rigging equipment is pictured in a field outside of Sweetwater, Texas June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Cooper Neill
NEW YORK Oil prices jumped for a third day on Thursday to their highest in three weeks after Kuwait backed an extension of OPEC production cuts to reduce a global glut.
Kuwait oil minister Essam al-Marzouq said his country was among several nations supporting the extension of a deal between the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other exporters to limit output, state news agency KUNA reported.
Brent crude oil LCOc1 settled up 54 cents, or about 1 percent, to $52.96 a barrel after hitting $53.10. U.S. crude CLc1 settled up 84 cents, or 1.7 percent, higher at $50.35 a barrel, after touching $50.47.
Both benchmarks reached their highest levels since March 9. In recent weeks, higher-than-expected inventory figures had prompted speculators to unwind long positions.
"There is a significant chance that a short-to-medium-term bottom has been found," said Tamas Varga, analyst at London brokerage PVM Oil Associates.
Yet concerns about the glut linger as OPEC grapples to tighten the oil market because inventories in many parts of the world are at, or near record highs and U.S. production has been rising.[EIA/S]
OPEC agreed to reduce oil production by 1.2 million barrels per day during the first six months of the year. Output has fallen for a third straight month and members have complied with 95 percent of their commitments. [OPEC/O]
"I see no sign from OPEC and Saudi Arabia that they will not roll over the cut into the second half of the year ... the market is about to go from supply surplus to deficit on crude " said Scott Shelton, energy futures broker with ICAP in Durham, North Carolina.
Other oil exporters outside OPEC, including Russia, have also gradually reined in production.
Russia has reduced its output by 200,000 bpd in March in accordance with the agreement, the ministry quoted Energy Minister Alexander Novak as saying in a TV interview.
Libya said production dropped by about a third or 250,000 bpd earlier this week due to armed protesters blocking western oilfields of Sharara and Wafa.
The start-up of a 500,000 bpd crude pipeline in North Dakota next month, despite opposition by environmental groups and Native Americans, is expected to hasten a revival in output from the Bakken region which fell sharply along with global oil prices during the past two years.
(Additional reporting by Christopher Johnson in London, Henning Gloystein in Singapore; Editing by Marguerita Choy and David Gregorio)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Workers at Wilko stores in Cambridgeshire face losing their jobs as the high street retailer announces a staffing shake-up which could affect thousands UK-wide.
The cost-cutting measures come in the wake of an 80 per cent plummet in profits, which the company has partly blamed on rising costs due to the falling value of the pound and the introduction of the National Living Wage of £7.20 an hour, which came into force last year.
Wilko said that following a review of its operating functions, it was "entering into consultation with a number of its team members at store level nationwide", including Cambridge and the surrounding area.
The changes could see 3,900 members of staff made redundant. However, the employer said to restructure would allow it to create 1,000 new roles.
Anthony Houghton, retail director, said: “Wilko is committed to the future growth of the business and reviewing how we stay relevant to our customers in the Cambridge area.
"We do this by making sure all retail operations are fit for the future in order to provide customers with the best possible service."
Despite what Mr Houghton described as a "challenging retail landscape", he said the company had seen positive customer numbers and like-for-like sales growth this year.
He added: "This is not translating into positive results, despite all the hard work to reduce costs, and grow own-brand and digital sales.
"Following independent studies we identified a legacy of retail structures that created complexity to manage which aren't simple, fair or transparent for our team members."
He said the new structure would result in "more team hours" on the shop floor and provide a "better customer experience".
Staff at the Cambridge store on Fitzroy Street could be affected by the potential job losses, along with workers at stores in Ely and Huntingdon.
Mr Houghton said: “As a family-run business, we care greatly about team members in Cambridgeshire and know that change is never easy. We are working with our recognised trade union the GMB, listening to team members and offering support at all levels.
"We are entering into a long period of consultation and wherever possible are aiming to redeploy team members into new roles and offering help and support to those seeking new opportunities.
“These changes are vital to ensure that we are more efficient as a business and so can continue to serve our customers in Cambridge and the surrounding area for many years to come."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
ANKARA, Turkey: Turkish media say nine people were wounded in a barrage of rockets fired at two border towns in Turkey across from the Syrian Kurdish enclave of Afrin.
The state-run Anadolu Agency says three rockets targeted the town of Reyhanli in Hatay province on Friday, hitting a house, a road close to a marketplace and the outer wall of a workplace. Six people were hospitalized from that attack.
Governor Mehmet Tekinarslan says three more rockets hit the town of Kilis, northeast of Reyhanli, where at least three people were wounded.
Ankara launched a cross-border offensive into Afrin on Jan. 20 to rout the Syrian Kurdish militia it says is linked to insurgents fighting inside Turkey.
At least four people have been killed in rocket attacks on the two towns since then.—AP
loading...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As 2017 gets under way, many smokers will have taken their last puff - and there's no doubt that quitting smoking is the best thing they can do for their health.
It's a fact that around half of long-term smokers will die from the deadly addiction.
We know that we all die eventually, but smokers die on average 10 years earlier and tragically from much more painful and debilitating illnesses, such as lung cancer, heart attacks and strokes.
The sooner smoking is given the boot, the sooner the body can begin to repair itself.
Any amount of time smoke-free gives the body – especially the lungs and bloodstream – time to 'breathe' again and take in the clean air needed to recuperate.
Some damage caused by smoking will never go away, but if you say goodbye to smoking you'll live a much healthier, longer, richer life.
One of the scariest aspects of quitting smoking can be the unknown of what will happen and this often puts people off trying to be smoke-free in the first place.
What happens to the human body
The human body is an amazing thing. Just 20 minutes after that last cigarette, it begins to recover.
Nicotine, the addictive chemical in smoking, acts as a stimulant and gives that all-important ‘kick'.
Not long after the last puff of smoke, heart rate and blood pressure return to normal following this high.
Eight hours
This is the testing time when most smokers reach for another cigarette.
The effects of withdrawal are strong as nicotine leaves the bloodstream and cravings start to happen.
One day
Anxiety and ‘stress' levels peak. The feeling of stress associated with quitting smoking isn't usually stress – it's a sign of withdrawal.
That's why it's untrue that smoking de-stresses, it's just feeding a craving.
In fact, research shows non and ex-smokers feel less stressed than smokers.
Two to three days
If you decide to go ‘cold turkey' there's no nicotine left in the body but it'll take a while to adjust to this new feeling. Using nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) such as gum, patches or e-cigarettes supplies the body with nicotine and allows smokers to wean themselves off smoking gently, making it easier to quit cigarettes.
Taste and smell receptors are given the chance to heal, meaning food will never have tasted so good!
One week
Making it one week smoke-free means quitters are over the worst of it.
It's perfectly normal to think about smoking regularly – it's now a case of mind over matter as the body no longer physically craves tobacco.
Many quitters experience a nasty cough, but this is perfectly normal – it's the lungs' way of clearing themselves as much as they can.
Two weeks
Blood circulation, especially to the gums and teeth, returns to normal levels, the same as a non-smoker.
Now that the mouth isn't being bombarded with smoke, tissue damaged by gum disease can recover.
One month
Withdrawals can range from anger, anxiety, insomnia and mild depression, but by month one these feelings should have subsided. If not, a trip to the GP is recommended. Quitters who make it to four weeks smoke-free are five times more likely to quit for good.
Two months
The risk of heart attack risk has started to drop. With lung function improving too, climbing the stairs gets that little bit easier each day.
Three months
Walking long distances is a lot easier now. Any bad coughs should have disappeared, but if not, being seen by a doctor is imperative as it can be a sign of something more sinister.
Six months
Any tiredness and shortness of breath will be a thing of the past.
Cilia, air sacs in the lungs, have re-grown and healed some of the damage caused by smoking, but the lungs will never be 100% healthy.
One year
Ex-smokers are 50% less likely to have a heart attack, heart disease or a stroke within just one year of quitting.
Five years
Diabetes is an illness long-term smokers can develop. Make it five years smoke-free and the risks of it occurring are the same a non-smoker.
Five to 10 years
Amazing! The risk of having a stroke is now the same as that of a non-smoker. Smoke makes blood sticky and hard to move around the body and that's why smokers are much more likely to have a stroke.
10 years
Lung cancer is the biggest risk to a smoker's life. Within 10 years of quitting, the chance of death from lung cancer is half that of a smoker. The risk from other cancers such as mouth and pancreatic have reduced significantly.
Post-10 years
When smoking, the heart works harder to pump smoke-ridden blood and this leads to increased risk of heart attacks and disease. After 10 years smoke-free, the risk of heart disease is the same as a non-smoker.
By
Calvin Hatfield 57 died Thursday
Funeral 2 PM Sunday
Britton Funeral Home
Burial in Downey Cemetery (Saplin Fork)
Visitation Saturday
Britton Funeral Home
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Calvin Hatfield, 57, of Manchester, KY, passed away Thursday, December 7th, at the Manchester Memorial Hospital.
Calvin was born in Manchester, KY on March 12, 1960, a son of the late Hester (Marcum) Lawson and Grant Hatfield.
Calvin is survived by his wife, Charlene (Smith) Hatfield; two sons: Scott Hatfield and Calvin Joshua Hatfield, both of Saplin Fork; his stepmother, Nella Hatfield of Laurel Co.; 5 grandchildren: Isaiah Hatfield, Jessa Hatfield, Jocelyn Hatfield, Kyra Hatfield and Taelyn Hatfield; and by the following sisters and brothers: Jewell Roberts of Laurel Co., Sally Gibson of Buzzard, Marvin Hatfield of Laurel Co., David Hatfield of Saplin Fork, Rickie Hatfield of Saplin Fork, Elliot Lawson of Cleveland, OH, Alex Hatfield of Hazard and Grant Jr. Hatfield of Laurel Co.
In addition to his mother and father, Calvin was preceded in death by his brother J.C. Hatfield.
Services will be held at 2:00 PM on Sunday, December 10th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY, with Tip Minton and George Blair officiating. Burial will follow in the Downey Cemetery on Saplin Fork Rd.
Visitation will be held 6:00 PM to 9:00 PM on Saturday, December 9th at Britton Funeral Home in Manchester, KY
Britton Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements.
Honestly, Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has only himself to blame for all this. When he came out after the team's AFC Championship loss and hinted at the notion of retirement he created a climate that will put his future under the microscope at every opportunity.
Roethlisberger did an interview with Steelers reporter Bob Pompeani and he asked him about how long he planned to play, and Roethlisberger's answer was interesting, to say the least.
“If I'm going to definitely say I'm going to be here in three years, well, then I'm cheating and I'm giving myself a timeline,” Roethlisberger said. “I want to be right here, right now giving everything I have to this and when I'm done, I'll know that I'm done.”
Let's read between the lines a little. The notion that Roethlisberger is not going to commit to anything beyond this season is smart. At 35 years old, no one would fault him for walking away. When he does retire he'll do so as one of, if not the greatest quarterback in franchise history and will only have to count the days until he goes into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
However, just as he is unwilling to give anyone a timetable for his retirement, he cannot fault the franchise for taking real steps for their future. The players and coaches can spend their time with a singular focus on the Super Bowl this season, but the front office has to take a different approach. Evaluating the current quarterbacks on the roster and scouting potential replacements that could be had via the NFL draft.
As fans, the best thing we can do is sit back and enjoy one of the best quarterbacks of all time lead what's probably the most potent in franchise history. This group might be the best chance to win it all Roethlisberger has had to get back to the Super Bowl. No quarterback puts it all out there the way Big Ben does and when he's ready to call it quits everyone will need to respect that.
Hello there,
Welcome back and thanks for joining us for today's game away at Yeovil Town. The U's will be looking to bounce back after a disappointing evening on Tuesday where a mixture of poor refereeing and a ropey first half performance cost them the points.
Indeed the U's could do with winning this one generally, considering they haven't picked up three points away from CB5 since September last year.
They are a bit low on numbers again with a total of seven players unavailable for the game, meaning it'll be a pretty similar squad to the one that travelled to Coventry.
But, with the window now closed, it's time to focus on the football and putting in consistent performances.
So join us from two for all the build-up, action and reaction to this one.
Crave Kitchen & Cocktails My new go-to brunch place in Charleston. Shrimp with grits and chorizo sausage is great… Kevin Brunson
The Mezz I will miss this place. Akilah Edwards
Crossfit Integrity Wondering about the above review. I've been a member of Integrity since 2011. The warm… Carman Dickson
Page's Okra Grill One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Charleston or elsewhere.
The PBT is… Kevin Brunson
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
FILE - In this Feb. 8, 2018, file photo, Oklahoma state Rep. Mark McBride, listens during a committee hearing in Oklahoma City. The president of a Texas-based wind energy trade group has been subpoenaed to appear before an Oklahoma grand jury looking into McBride's claim that someone connected to the industry is responsible for putting a tracking device on his pickup. The Republican has worked on legislation to tax wind-energy companies. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki, File)
FILE - In this Feb. 8, 2018, file photo, Oklahoma state Rep. Mark McBride, listens during a committee hearing in Oklahoma City. The president of a Texas-based wind energy trade group has been subpoenaed to appear before an Oklahoma grand jury looking into McBride's claim that someone connected to the industry is responsible for putting a tracking device on his pickup. The Republican has worked on legislation to tax wind-energy companies. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki, File)
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - The president of a Texas-based wind energy trade group has been subpoenaed to appear before an Oklahoma grand jury looking into a state lawmaker's claim that someone connected to the industry put a tracking device on his pickup.
Court documents filed in Austin, Texas, show The Wind Coalition President Jeffrey Clark has been directed to appear before the Oklahoma multicounty grand jury in June. The subpoena also seeks business records pertaining to "research and data gathering activities" linked to Rep. Mark McBride. The Moore Republican has worked on legislation aimed at taxing wind-energy companies, and suggested the industry was responsible for a tracking device he discovered on his vehicle in December.
Austin political consultant George Shipley also has been subpoenaed and directed to bring similar records related research and data gathering conducted on McBride.
Attorneys for Shipley and Clark didn't immediately return phone messages Wednesday seeking comment.
A hearing on the subpoenas is scheduled Friday afternoon before Travis County District Court Judge Karen Sage.
The existence of the subpoenas was first reported by The Oklahoman. The multicounty grand jury operates in secret, and the attorney general's office, which oversees the panel, does not publicly discuss its activities.
McBride has sued Shipley in federal court in Oklahoma City, alleging trespassing, invasion of privacy and intentional infliction of emotional distress. He claims in the lawsuit that Shipley was hired by an unnamed company to perform opposition research on McBride. The suit alleges Shipley then hired an Oklahoma City-based private investigation firm to conduct surveillance on McBride's whereabouts as part of a civil conspiracy to use the information to "control, extort, or harm" him.
Shipley's attorneys maintain their client did nothing wrong and have asked the court to dismiss the case.
"Plaintiffs have failed to allege even a single act of misconduct committed by George Shipley or Shipley & Associates," the filing states.
___
Follow Sean Murphy at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy
I have lived through the evolution of attitudes toward homosexuality, but never signed on to the ideology of homosexual rights culminating in the Supreme Court's Obergefell decision. At least it took a while. One could see it coming.
By contrast, the transgender movement has ascended “at meteoric speed.” So writes Sohrab Ahmari in the invaluable Commentary essay “The disappearance of desire” (from the magazine's forthcoming April issue). He adds: “Transgenderism has moved swiftly from the margins of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders to the forefront of public consciousness.” It sweeps away all in its path. As Ahmari establishes to my satisfaction, the movement is based on a radical mind-body dualism that is unreal. Reading Ahmari's essay, I sense that we are failing a fundamental test. That way madness lies.
Christopher Burgess (@burgessct) is a writer, speaker and commentator on security issues. He is a former Senior Security Advisor to Cisco and served 30+ years within the CIA which awarded him the Distinguished Career Intelligence Medal upon his retirement. Christopher co-authored the book, “Secrets Stolen, Fortunes Lost, Preventing Intellectual Property Theft and Economic Espionage in the 21st Century”. He also founded the non-profit: Senior Online Safety.
Market Overview
Aluminum Trihydrate (ATH) is an odorless, white powder obtained from the bauxite through bayer process. ATH is also known as alumina hydrate, aluminum tri-hydroxide, and aluminum hydroxide. It is widely known for its flame retardant, smoke suppression, thermal stability, and arc & track resistance properties. It finds application in various end-use industries such as construction, electrical, automotive, plastic, paper, and paints & coatings among others. ATH is widely used in the production of aluminum and other industrial chemicals such as sodium aluminate, aluminum chloride, and aluminum sulfate owing to versatility and low cost. Its usage is rapidly increasing in the construction, plastic and paper industry due to its flame retardant property. The product demand is surging from the paints & coatings industry as a result of improved viscosity and high gloss. ATH is extensively used in the textile industry owing to rising demand for the waterproof fabrics. The product consumption is expanding in cosmetics and personal care products for functions such as skin protectant and opacifier.
Competitive Analysis
Some of the key players in the Global Aluminum Trihydrate Market are Huber Engineered Materials (J.M. Huber Corporation, U.S.), Alfa Aesar (U.S.), Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd (Japan), Albemarle Corporation (U.S.), SHOWA DENKO K.K. (Japan), Alcoa Corporation (U.S.), Aluminium Corporation of China Limited (China), Nabaltec AG (Germany), NALCO (India), and MAL-Hungarian Aluminium Producer and Trading Co.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5922
Market Segmentation
The Global Aluminum Trihydrate Market is segmented into Applications, End-Use Industry and Region.
On the Basis of the Application, the market is segmented into industrial chemicals, caulks & sealants, adhesives, wire & cables, coatings, printing inks, ceramics, and rubber.
Based on the End Use Industry, the Global Aluminum Trihydrate Market is segmented into construction, electrical, automotive, paints & coatings, paper, plastic, textile, pharmaceuticals, and cosmetics & personal care.
On the Basis of the Region, the Aluminum Trihydrate Market is segmented into Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Regional Analysis
Asia Pacific is leading the Aluminum Trihydrate Market due to the rising investment in both residential and commercial construction activities. Initiation of construction projects by the Government of India such as Inland waterways projects is driving the growth of the ATH market in this region. Growing demand for the water-based coatings from the automotive industry is propelling the market growth further.
North America and Europe are expected to bolster the market growth with increasing demand from the major end use industries such as construction, automotive, and paints & coatings among others.
Access Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aluminum-trihydrate-market-5922
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
In this Saturday, March 17, 2018 photo Senior Coast Guard, Kristian Rastedt, attempts to rescue a fawn stranded on the ice on the Inkoo archipelago in southern Finland. Rastedt pulled the fawn over the ice back to shore before giving the thumbs up after the fawn rushed into the woods. (Finnish Border Guards via AP)
In this Saturday, March 17, 2018 photo Senior Coast Guard, Kristian Rastedt, attempts to rescue a fawn stranded on the ice on the Inkoo archipelago in southern Finland. Rastedt pulled the fawn over the ice back to shore before giving the thumbs up after the fawn rushed into the woods. (Finnish Border Guards via AP)
HELSINKI (AP) - A fawn that became stranded on a patch of ice in Finland's Inkoo archipelago has gotten a hand from members of the Finnish coast guard.
They spotted the unsteady animal from their hovercraft during a regular patrol on Saturday.
Senior Coast Guard officer Sebastian von Bruun filmed colleague Kristian Rasted pulling the "helpless white-tailed deer on the slippery ice" back to shore. Rasted gave a thumbs-up after the fawn rushed into the woods.
Von Brunn said: "The mother deer was very happy and grateful to get her baby back."
The Coast Guard said while animal rescue missions are not part of its personnel's normal duties, they do occur from time to time.
The Finnish Border Guard, of which the coast guard is past, posted the rescue video on social media.
Several parishioners gathered at St. Francis Catholic Church in Beckley on Sunday. This Easter, the Church offered three services for people to attend as they celebrated the day Jesus Christ resurrected. Deacon Jay Ziolkowski told us, “The essence of what Christianity is all about is the resurrection of Christ through his passion and death that brings us eternal life and we celebrate that.”
For the parishioners they say Easter is a holiday that makes them appreciate how important their faith is. Emily Meadows who is a canter at St. Francis said, “Jesus died for us and we didn't deserve that and that's just a wonderful wonderful feeling to know that he came up out of that tomb and that's the wonder of it all.” Parishioner Hannah Heft said, “To me Easter means, that the lord has risen and through his dying for our sins and rising from the dead. He has given us new life as well, a new life with God in Heaven.”
And for many people who do not realize, Easter is an holiday that is just as big as the Christmas holiday. “It's the happiest day of the year, it's unfortunate that Christmas has taken up so much of the commercial part but Easter is what we are as Christians.” said, Deacon Jay Ziolkowski.
Comments
comments
Alarmed by the specter of cell towers on the horizon, multiple villages in the Town of North Hempstead have recently adopted stronger laws to regulate telecommunications within their boundaries.
Earlier this year, Illinois-based wireless company ExteNet Systems Inc. contacted villages on the Port Washington peninsula about installing more than 60 cellphone antennas on utility poles throughout the town. Formal applications have not yet been submitted.
Villages have responded with varying degrees of intensity, with some trustee boards electing to enact laws governing cell infrastructure, and others adopting yearlong moratoriums forbidding any applications.
Officials said they are concerned about the placement and aesthetics of potential cell antennas, in addition to the effect on the health and safety of residents.
According to preliminary correspondence, 23 antennas are planned for Plandome Manor, the most throughout the town. Village Mayor Barbara Donno said her village adopted its six-month moratorium to give the board “breathing room” to study different codes and hire an outside consultant to analyze the issue.
“We were very concerned that we have a strong enough code in place to be able to protect our residents,” Donno said. “We don't know how big, how high, where these are going . . . We all have a lot of concerns. What will it look like in the village?”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Plandome Manor's moratorium, which was passed unanimously in June, prohibits any permits from being issued for cell infrastructure during a six-month period. It does not ban the submission of applications.
The law also establishes requirements for any future applications, such as documents supporting the need for the towers.
The villages of Flower Hill and Plandome have both passed yearlong moratoriums preventing applications from being “filed, accepted or processed.”
“We're going to look at everything from soup to nuts on this,” said Flower Hill Deputy Mayor Brian Herrington. “We need to stop, pause and see what the evolution of technology has been.”
The trend has not gone unobserved by other villages in the town. Though ExteNet does not have plans to install antennas in Plandome Heights, the village board passed an extensive telecommunications law in July that sets forth requirements for any future applications.
The town is also seeking to update its telecommunications law and recently put out a bid for outside counsel. Town Attorney Elizabeth Botwin said the town was considering its alternatives because proposals failed to meet requirements.
Town council member Dina De Giorgio said she has reached out to multiple villages to collaborate on creating a consistent set of rules and that the town needed to step up to the plate.
“We need to act to protect our residents,” De Giorgio said. “We don't want to be in a situation where we have laws weaker than the surrounding villages'.”
If your family are self-confessed big spenders, the BBC is looking for contestants to enter Shop Well For Less which teaches households how to become savvier shoppers.
Produced by RDF Television, the prime time BBC One show presented by Steph McGovern and Alex Jones, is now in its third series of helping families save cash.
The show is seeking outgoing families who want to learn how to save cash on everything from toiletries to gadgets.
The Shop Well For Less entry description said: “We're on a mission to help families, couples or households change the way they shop without changing their lifestyle.”
“This prime-time series focuses on all household spending other than food, such as clothes, cleaning products, cars, gardens, pets, toiletries, furnishings and gadgets etc.”
Interested families should email shopwell@rdftelevision.com or call 0117 970 7670 to enter.
Applicants must be 18 years and over and the closing date for entries is Friday 1st December.
Research Report Insights in its report titled “Hybrid Vehicles Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016–2026” offers detailed insights and in-depth research on the global hybrid vehicles market over a 10-year forecast period 2016 – 2026. The report covers the important factors driving the growth of the global hybrid vehicles market, untapped opportunities for manufacturers, trends and developments shaping the dynamics of the global hybrid vehicles market and other insights across various key segments.
The report identifies the drivers and restraints affecting the growth of the global hybrid vehicles market. Changing trends are also analysed and incorporated in the report to equip the client with exhaustive information about the market resulting in better decision making. Macroeconomic factors that directly and indirectly affect the growth of the global hybrid vehicles market are also incorporated in the report.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114789/Hybrid-Vehicles-Market
Global Hybrid Vehicles market segmentation
To understand and assess opportunities in the global Hybrid Vehicles market, we have divided the report into three sections based on market segmentation as under:
By Product Type
By Engine Type
By Power Train Configuration
By Vehicle Type
By Region
· Hybrid Electric Vehicle
· Plug–In Hybrid Vehicle
· Gasoline Hybrid
· Diesel Hybrid
· Parallel Hybrid
· Series Hybrid
· Power Split Hybrid
· Passenger Vehicle
· Light Commercial Vehicle
· Heavy Commercial Vehicle
· North America
· Latin America
· Western Europe
· Eastern Europe
· Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ)
· Middle East and Africa (MEA)
· Japan
The market value for all segments is taken in US$ Mn and the market volume is also identified in units for all the segments.
A section of the report highlights country-wise hybrid vehicles demand. It provides a market outlook for 2016–2026 and sets the forecast within the context of the global hybrid vehicles market, including the new technological developments as well as product offerings for niche applications in the global hybrid vehicles market.
In the final section of the report, a competitive landscape has been included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view. The report provides details market share analysis of the hybrid vehicles market on the basis of key manufacturers. Detailed profiles of manufacturers are also included within the scope of the report to evaluate strategies, key offerings and recent developments in the global Hybrid Vehicles market.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114789/Hybrid-Vehicles-Market
Our research methodology
Market volume is inferred through in-depth secondary research and validated from industry experts through primary interviews. Each interview is thoroughly analysed and average market volume is deduced and reconfirmed prior to incorporating in the report. The price of Hybrid Vehicles is deduced basis the tipping type, where the average price of each Hybrid Vehicles type is inferred across all the seven assessed regions. The market value of the global Hybrid Vehicles market is thus calculated from the data provided by the average selling price and market volume.
For the 10-year forecast of the global Hybrid Vehicles market, various macroeconomic factors and changing trends have been observed, giving an idea about the future of the market. Other important factors considered arriving at market forecast are the size of the current market, inputs from the supply side and the demand side and other dynamics shaping the scenario of the market.
In the compilation of the report, the forecast is conducted in terms of CAGR, while other important criteria such as year-on-year growth and absolute dollar opportunity have also been incorporated presenting the client with crystal clear insights and future opportunities as far as the global Hybrid Vehicles market is concerned.
Analyst Speak
What we have observed here is that these days hybrid vehicles are not only used on construction and mining sites but they are also used for internal transportation of materials in regions such as North America, Europe and APEJ.
The growing demand from the consumers to transport bulk amount of materials and goods is the chief driver for the global hybrid vehicles market. Furthermore, the rising infrastructure development in the emerging economies is expected to fuel the growth of the tipper bodies in the global market. Additionally, the growing trend to live healthily and keep the country & the surroundings clean is acting as a catalyst for the hybrid vehicles in the waste management sector.
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114789/Hybrid-Vehicles-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have listed starting pitcher Steven Matz as day to day, hopeful he will not miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger.
Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Matz was injured while swinging the bat Tuesday in the top of the fourth. The bat flew out of his hand and pushed his middle finger far back. Though he doubled, the pain was too much for him to pitch the bottom half of the inning and he left the game.
Callaway said Matz's injury doesn't compare to Noah Syndergaard's, one that forced the ace to the disabled list on the same day with a strained ligament in his right index finger.
* Unease grows over North Korea, Syria, Russia tensions * SPDR Gold holdings rise by about 6 tonnes this week (Adds comment, updates prices) By Sethuraman N R April 12 Gold climbed to a 5-month high on Wednesday after gaining nearly 2 percent the session before, with investors shifting to safe-haven assets on rising tensions over U.S. relations with Russia and North Korea. Spot gold had edged up 0.1 percent to $1,274.91 per ounce by 0311 GMT, after earlier hitting its strongest since Nov. 10 at 1,279.80. U.S. gold futures rose 0.2 percent to $1,277.20. Heightened tensions in the Korean peninsula and Middle East following U.S. strikes on Syria, along with the upcoming French presidential election, have left investors nervous. "Recently a degree of uncertainty has found its way into previously seemingly bulletproof financial markets," ANZ analysts wrote in a note. "There is clearly some nervousness out there, with geopolitical tensions around North Korea ratcheting higher and adding to an already heightened geopolitical environment." North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force U.S. President Donald Trump described as an "armada". Trump said in a tweet that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without China's help. Meanwhile, the United States accused Russia on Tuesday of trying to shield Syria's leader from blame for a deadly poison gas attack last week, as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson brought a Western message to Moscow condemning its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Elsewhere, French centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen clung on as frontrunners in France's tight presidential race on Tuesday, but the unpredictable outcome is pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme runoff scenarios. Gold on Tuesday closed above the 200-day moving average for the first time this year after struggling to do so over the past few weeks. "Gold has finally broken and closed above its 200-day moving average at $1,257.50, which now becomes a support. From a technical perspective, the way is now clear for a run at $1,300 and possibly higher," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA. "The safe-haven effect is clearly in play once again ahead of the Easter holiday with volumes in both spot and options well above average." Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund (ETF), rose 0.50 percent to 842.41 tonnes on Tuesday. The ETF has seen about six tonnes of inflows this week. Among other precious metals, spot silver was firm at $18.30 an ounce. Platinum fell 0.1 percent to $965.70 per ounce after rising over 3 percent in the previous session, while palladium dropped 0.1 percent to $801.25. (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Much of England has been with heavy snow today - so what do you need to prepare for winter driving?
Rescue services like Green Flag have warned motorists to avoid travelling if possible - and the Met Office has warned that drivers face the prospect of becoming stranded if they do travel.
But if you're really going to drive...
DO'S (According to Green Flag)
Make sure you've got an ice scraper and a good de-icer spray - At this time of year, cars can ice over in the evening as well as the morning. Having a proper ice scraper and de-icer spray has multiple benefits. For a start clearing ice won't ruin your bank card/CD case/partner's birthday card. It will also make the job more comfortable. That in turn makes it more likely you'll clear your windows thoroughly which will make driving safer.
Ensure your tyres are up to the job
During the colder months we would ideally all fit winter tyres to our cars. However, most of us don't want the extra expense of tyres that are designed purely for very cold weather. Therefore, it's vital that the tyres we do use are in tip-top shape. Check the pressures are what's recommended by your car's user manual. Also inspect the tread depth. The legal minimum is 1.6mm. However, tyre companies and safety experts recommend tyres are changed at 3mm. This is because tests prove that stopping distances are significantly reduced as tread wears down.
Check your fluids
Everyone knows that water freezes when temperatures dip. That's why cars have anti freeze mixed in with their coolant. It's also why windscreen washer fluid has an anti-freeze component. Top up your windscreen washer bottle so there's enough to keep your screen clean. And make sure you've mixed in sufficient screen wash to ensure the water doesn't freeze. If you haven't had your car serviced recently, now's the time to book it in. Alternatively, pop into your garage and ask them to check the concentration of antifreeze in your car's system.
Give yourself plenty of time to stop
A cold, damp road surface means your car will need longer to stop. Regular tyres don't have as much grip at very low temperatures. Take this into account and allow more space between you and the car in front.
Be Prepared
It's a good idea to have a cold weather kit in your car. This should contain a reflective jacket, a folding shovel if snow is forecast, a tow rope, a torch, and even a blanket and some water if it's very cold and you're concerned your journey may be disrupted. And be ready not to travel at all if the weather forecast is really bad.
DONT'S
Leave your car idling to defrost it
For a start, getting your car's engine running while you defrost it is against the law and could land you with a £40 fine. In 2002, the government changed the law making it an offence to leave your car stationary and idling. In addition, there have been cases where cars have been stolen while they've been left with their engine on but no one inside. If that's the case, your insurer is unlikely to pay up.
Wait for your battery to fail
Extremes of temperature aren't good for batteries. Hot weather can deplete the liquid inside them causing a weakness; cold weather then exposes this. That's because engine oil thickens up in low temperatures and it takes more effort from the battery for the starter motor to turn the engine. A battery that is running low on charge may not have sufficient oomph for the job. If your battery is more than three years old or making starting the engine sound harder than it should, ask a garage to check it. Most will do so for free.
Use the windscreen wipers to defrost a screen
Windscreen wiper rubber is designed to be very effective at clearing liquid from glass. But ice is abrasive, something windscreen wiper rubbers definitely aren't designed for. Putting your wipers on to de-ice your car won't work and will simply cause unnecessary wear to your wiper blades.
Pour boiling water on the screen
Everyone knows that cold things contract, warm things expand (right?). If you pour boiling water on your freezing windscreen the glass will suddenly expand. It may be fine. But if you've got a nick or any kind of damage to the screen, it will crack at the weakest point.
Forget your coat
You might only be stepping from your nice warm house into your nice warm work place via your car. But what happens if your journey is disrupted? You'll be pretty uncomfortable if you have to wait to be rescued and you've only got thin work clothes to wear.
RELATED: SNOW DAYS: Can you legally take a day off? Your rights explained if you can't get to work due to snow
(CNN) — If you're in your mid-40s and haven't had your colon checked, it might be time.
The American Cancer Society's newly updated guidelines for colon and rectal cancer screening recommend that adults at average risk get screened starting at age 45 instead of 50, as previously advised.
The updated guidelines come on the heels of what seems to be a rise in colorectal cancer among younger adults.
Those at higher risk include African Americans, Alaska Natives, and people with a family history or a personal history of colon or rectal polyps; risk factors such as these could require screening earlier.
Published in CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians on Wednesday, the updated guidelines also indicate that there are six screening test options for adults, ranging from noninvasive stool tests to visual exams like colonoscopy, depending on the preference of the patient and availability of the test.
Other health organizations in the United States — such as the US Preventive Services Task Force — still recommend routine screening for colon and rectal cancers starting at age 50.
Colorectal cancer, which includes both colon and rectal cancers, is the third most common cause of cancer-related deaths in the world, according to the World Health Organization.
In the United States, colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer-related deaths among cancers that affect both men and women, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Some studies suggest that the rates of colorectal cancer deaths are climbing among American adults younger than 55.
After declining overall from 1970 to 2004, colon and rectal cancer mortality rates among 20- to 54-year-olds in the United States increased by 1% annually from 2004 to 2014, according to a study published last year in the medical journal JAMA.
“Behind these numbers are real people and real faces, and all of us in the colorectal cancer world and all the gastroenterologists and all the oncologists have been seeing more and more young people who develop this disease,” said Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer at the American Cancer Society, who oversaw the development of the new guidelines.
“In people born more recently, they're at four times the risk for rectal cancer than people born in the '50s (at the same age), for example, and double the risk of colon cancer,” he said. “It's what we call a birth cohort effect. Nobody knows why really clearly, and that's a big area of interest, but nobody's questioning that it's happening.”
Six screening test options
To make the updated guidelines, researchers conducted a systematic review of published studies on colorectal cancer screening strategies.
The researchers also commissioned a microsimulation modeling study involving a model called MISCAN, which simulates colorectal cancer incidence and mortality and estimates risk factors and the impact of screening and treatment practices.
The researchers' new modeling study was an extension of analyses conducted for the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendations, and it assessed the potential risk and benefit of various colorectal screening strategies among black and white men and women in the United States.
Based on their review and that simulation modeling, the researchers identified efficient strategies for screening starting at age 45.
Those strategies were undergoing colonoscopy every 10 years; a computed tomography colonography or “virtual colonoscopy” every five years; a flexible sigmoidoscopy every five years; a multitarget stool DNA test every three years; a take-home fecal immunochemical test annually; or a take-home high-sensitivity guaiac fecal occult blood test annually.
The updated guidelines also noted that there is wide variation in the costs of those screening options, depending on patient insurance plans, ranging from around $30 for a take-home fecal immunochemical test to thousands of dollars for a colonoscopy.
America's Health Insurance Plans spokeswoman Cathryn Donaldson said in a statement Wednesday, “Health plans cover most needed screenings, including mammograms and colonoscopies, often at no additional cost to the patient. Insurance providers consider available evidence, clinical guidelines and recommendations from organizations such as the American Cancer Society to understand when preventive screenings are needed.
“Whether or not you need a screening will depend on your age, medical history and other risk factors. When a doctor recommends a screening because of such risk factors, it is usually covered,” said the association, which represents companies providing health care coverage and other related services to Americans.
Outside of the cost and the frequency in which a test is recommended to be done, “all these tests are approximately equal in their value and can be offered,” Wender said.
“We know from trials that if you offer a choice between colonoscopy and a less-invasive test, that more people will opt to be screened, which is our goal in the end,” he said. “The evidence is now absolutely clear, and I can't emphasize how carefully this was done. It took us two years of work to provide a compelling argument and evidence that the screening age for everyone should begin at age 45, not age 50.”
What explains the rise in colorectal cancer?
Time will tell whether other leading health organizations follow in the American Cancer Society's footsteps with recommending screening for adults younger than 50.
Additionally, more research could shed light on why there has been a rise in colorectal cancer among these younger adults, said Dr. George Chang, chief of colorectal surgery at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, who was not involved in the updated guidelines.
“The rates of screening right now under the age of 50 are negligible. Therefore, what we've observed with the rising incidence is not simply a result of detection bias,” Chang said. “This appears to be a real phenomenon.”
He added that he has some ideas regarding what factors could be driving this rise, as “there are a number of things that have changed over the past several decades that have to do with exposures and lifestyle.”
“We know that obesity's associated with an increased incidence of many cancers, including colorectal cancer, and the obesity epidemic remains an important and growing problem in the US. So that may be one associated factor,” Chang said.
Other possible factors could include sedentary lifestyles, environmental exposures and diets high in processed foods, he said.
“While we have not identified the causal factor, it is likely that all of these factors contribute to this rising incidence,” he said.
A separate report released last week by the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research highlighted strong evidence that being physically active and eating whole grains and foods high in fiber, along with other healthy habits, can decrease the risk of colorectal cancer.
Consuming red meat, processed meat and alcoholic beverages, among other factors, could increase the risk of colorectal cancer.
For any adult, no matter how old, Chang said that paying attention to your body and bowel habits are important for tracking your overall health — and that alerting your doctor to any changes is key.
“Even if you're younger, if you're noticing that there's a change in your bowel habits or your stools and that something isn't right, then see your doctor,” he said. “That's the public health statement, which is, pay attention to your bowels, and seek medical care if things don't seem right, if there's blood in your stools or your bowel habits change suddenly.”
‘This gives us a real opportunity'
Dr. Nilofer Saba Azad, associate professor of oncology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore, agrees with the newly updated guidelines.
“If you take into account the fact that people develop colon cancer or rectal cancer over many years, and that there's a step wise progression from having no abnormalities to then having polyps and then developing cancer, this gives us a real opportunity to stop people from ever developing cancer by moving screening ages younger,” said Azad, who was not involved with the guidelines.
“It's not just that you would catch the younger people with cancer but that you would actually catch the younger people with just a polyp that can be removed at the time of colonoscopy, and they never get a cancer. So it's preventative, not just early diagnosis,” she said, adding that she thinks the risks of screening younger outweigh the benefits.
Such risks include false-negative or false-positive results, as well as rare complications or feelings of anxiety with more invasive testing approaches, such as colonoscopy.
Yet “there are many ways you can screen for colon cancer beyond colonoscopy, and we can find a way no matter how squeamish people are,” Azad said.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The forward has been one of the stars of the World Cup.
The forward has been one of the stars of the World Cup.
REAL MADRID HAVE denied rumours that they have agreed a €272 million deal with Paris Saint-Germain to sign forward Kylian Mbappe.
The Spanish side have been closely linked with the attacker since his rise to stardom at Monaco, and it has been claimed by journalists in France that a move is imminent this summer.
However, Madrid insists that no such deal is in place and says the reports are simply false.
“Given the information published in the last few hours referring to an alleged agreement between Real Madrid and PSG for player Kylian Mbappe, Real Madrid says they are flatly false,” the La Liga club said in a statement.
“Real Madrid has not made any offers to PSG or the player and regrets the dissemination of this type of information that is not contrasted with the parties.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
LINCOLN, Neb. – The Nebraska Ethanol Board will meet Friday, June 8, at 8:30 a.m. The meeting will be held at the Hyatt Place hotel (600 Q St.) in downtown Lincoln.
The board welcomes Galen Erickson, University of Nebraska-Lincoln professor of animal science and beef feedlot extension specialist, as the keynote speaker during the board meeting. Erickson will discuss distillers grains and the changing feed rations used for cattle.
Erickson is renowned for his ruminant nutrition research, and has done extensive work with cattle at feedlots. His work includes $7.94 million in research grants, and hundreds of publications including journal articles, extension reports, meeting abstracts and book chapters.
Erickson will speak at approximately 10 a.m. The meeting agenda is as follows:
Call Meeting to Order
Approval of Agenda
Approval of Minutes
Budget Report
Contracts
UNL Faculty Presentation
Marketing Programs
E30 Road Test in Legacy Vehicles
Presentation: Galen Erickson, UNL professor of animal science
Ethanol History Project Update
State and Federal Legislation
L. Ethanol Plant Reports
M. Chair's Report
Administrator's Report
Working Lunch
Travel Reports and Authorization
Personnel
Next Meeting Date
Adjourn
This agenda contains all items to come before the Board except those items of an emergency nature.
Web Desk: In a shocking video, vehicles are being washed away during flash flood in Brazil. It was filmed on March 16, and then was uploaded on Facebook.
The video showed toppled cars fully submerged in water. Reportedly, many commuters were injured after being trapped in cars while being drifted away by the water.
Brazil witnessed a rainfall that has caused severe flash floods, power outages and even landslides.
Click here to watch video
Source: Indianexpress
PHOENIX (AP) - Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job this week to demand more funding for public education, an unprecedented action in this conservative state without many union protections.
Educators who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S. have organized weeks of protests seeking raises and a boost in overall school funding, culminating in a vote for the first-ever statewide strike.
It comes despite a plan from Republican Gov. Doug Ducey to increase teacher pay 20 percent by 2020. Teachers are concerned about a lack of stable funding and a failure to address other demands.
A grass-roots teachers group mobilized the #RedforEd campaign, with backing from the Arizona Education Association, the largest teacher membership group. But the association lacks the power to collectively bargain with school districts or require mandatory participation in this right-to-work state.
That has led to a disparity across school districts in how to handle the walkout and could lead to fallout for Arizona educators.
Here's a look at what's happening:
WHAT'S A WALKOUT AND WHAT WILL HAPPEN?
A walkout is a job action that can be used as a protest, and teachers plan to launch it statewide Thursday, with no end date set. With 78 percent of roughly 57,000 educators voting in favor last week, tens of thousands of teachers are expected to participate. Many are expected to attend a rally at the state Capitol.
Their participation could have consequences. Some states, like New York, prohibit strikes outright, but Arizona's situation is less clear.
The education association has warned its 20,000 members about a 1971 Arizona attorney general opinion saying a statewide strike would be illegal under common law and participants could lose their teaching credentials. No school district has said they would fire educators who strike or revoke teaching certificates.
Teachers in some districts have been advised to take personal leave time to participate.
WHAT ARE THE DEMANDS?
The one that received the most attention is a 20 percent raise for teachers who earn an average of $47,218 annually, compared with a national average of $58,353, according to 2016 data from the National Education Association. They also want yearly raises until their salaries reach the national average and competitive wages for classified staffers.
Another demand is a return to pre-Great Recession spending levels, which would be roughly a $1 billion increase annually. Part of that includes the goal of driving down class sizes to a 23:1 ratio.
The fifth demand is a freeze on tax cuts until spending on each student reaches the national average. A May 2017 report from the National Education Association says per-pupil spending in Arizona was $8,296, compared with $12,572 nationally.
HOW ARE THE GOVERNOR AND LAWMAKERS RESPONDING?
Ducey has offered teachers a 20 percent raise by 2020 and pledged to see his proposal through despite concerns by lawmakers of his own party. He vetoed 10 Republican measures recently to push the Legislature to send him a budget with the pay increase.
Ducey's plan relies on higher-than-expected state revenue. Republican legislative leaders have expressed concern about where the money might come from and are negotiating the plan this week.
WHAT DOES THE WALKOUT MEAN FOR SCHOOLS, TEACHERS AND PARENTS?
The state's nearly 200 public school districts can try to keep schools open or can close them down.
Districts were still determining their plans, but the state's largest district in suburban Phoenix and many others have warned parents they will shut down at least Thursday and Friday. Schools could be open if enough teachers, staff or administrators show up.
Many parents will have to make child care plans. Community groups have opened registration for day camps, while some stay-at-home parents are volunteering to watch others' children. Local parent-teacher associations also are putting together food boxes for kids who rely on free breakfast and lunch at school.
Hourly workers like custodians might not get paid if their schools close, but they would get a paycheck if the days are made up at the end of the school year.
WHAT'S HAPPENED IN OTHER STATES?
The Arizona campaign took inspiration from West Virginia, where teachers went on strike and got a raise. The movement also spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky and most recently Colorado, where over a dozen school districts are closing Thursday and Friday because of planned teacher protests.
Arizona has seen a unique blend of grass-roots uprising, with help from the teachers association. Unions mobilized teachers in other states, though they also had little collective bargaining power with districts.
Like Arizona, Oklahoma is a right-to-work state, where teachers spent two weeks on strike, even after money was approved for teacher raises and more school funding. West Virginia officials said a strike was illegal, but the nine-day action led to a 5 percent pay increase, much lower than what Arizona teachers have been offered.
FILE PHOTO: Chile's President Michelle Bachelet speaks during a meeting with her cabinet at the presidential palace of Cerro Castillo in Vina del Mar, Chile March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Rodrigo Garrido
SANTIAGO Chilean President Michelle Bachelet announced on Wednesday evening that she was sending to Congress a bill that would dramatically increase the size of public pensions in the face of growing opposition to the nation's current system.
The bill would include an increase in the amount of savings held collectively, a new 5 percent payroll tax, and a corresponding boost in retirement savings. Current pensioners would see savings rise by around 20 percent, while workers currently paying into the system would see increases of up to 50 percent.
"We must advance towards a truly mixed social security system, where all play their part, where solidarity comes from personal effort, where the state and employers play their corresponding role," Bachelet said in a speech.
Chile's privatised pension plan was started in the 1980s during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet, and the so-called 'Chilean model' has been copied and adopted worldwide.
But opposition to it is rising in Chile, with regular street protests demanding changes. Opponents say the payouts are meagre, and they complain the pensions are managed by for-profit funds.
It is unclear if Bachelet's bill can become law. Her governing coalition is severely divided, and parliamentary elections are set to take place in November, while debate on complex bills can take years in Chile.
Earlier in April, Chile's finance minister said divisions in the government might make any pension reform impossible, and earlier this week, a major education bill pushed by Bachelet failed in committee.
Under the system proposed by Bachelet, the new 5 percent tax would be divided into two parts and have a six-year implementation period. Three percent would go into the personal savings of each worker, while 2 percent would go into a collective account, managed by the state.
The bill would also give pensioners more say in the investment decisions of the pension investment funds, known as AFPs.
(This story has been refiled to remove duplicate paragraphs.)
(Reporting by Gram Slattery and Antonio de la Jara; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
This report studies the global Vibration Infrared Detectors market status and forecast, categorizes the global Vibration Infrared Detectors market size (value & volume) by key players, type, application, and region. This report focuses on the top players in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia India and Other regions (Middle East & Africa, Central & South America).
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-vibration-infrared-detectors-sales-market-report-2018/request-sample
The global Vibration Infrared Detectors market is valued at a million US$ in 2017 and will reach a million US$ by the end of 2025, growing at a CAGR of during 2018-2025.
The major players covered in this report
Excelitas Technologies
Nippon Ceramic
Hamamatsu Photonic
Murata Manufacturing
Flir Systems
Texas Instruments
Honeywell International
Zhejiang Dali
Wuhan Guide
Geographically, this report studies the key regions, focuses on product sales, value, market share and growth opportunity in these regions, covering
United States
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-vibration-infrared-detectors-sales-market-report-2018
We can also provide the customized separate regional or country-level reports, for the following regions:
North America
United States
Canada
Mexico
Asia-Pacific
China
India
Japan
South Korea
Australia
Indonesia
Singapore
Rest of Asia-Pacific
Europe
Germany
France
UK
Italy
Spain
Russia
Rest of Europe
Central & South America
Brazil
Argentina
Rest of South America
Middle East & Africa
Saudi Arabia
Turkey
Rest of the Middle East & Africa
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
PC
PV
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including
Household
Commercial
Industrial
Others
Key Stakeholders
ISLAMABAD: Opposition leader Khursheed Shah has said that he will try to ensure that the caretaker prime minister is neutral.
Speaking to media here on Tuesday he said the caretaker PM should not a part of any political party. He said he has yet to hold a discussion with Pakistan Peoples Party over the issue, adding that the advisory session will be held in the presence of party chair Bilawal Bhutto Zardari and co-chairperson Asif Ali Zardari. “The general elections should be held as soon as possible,” he added.
The current government is expected to conclude its five-year term on May 31, after which the caretaker government will take over to hold general elections, which are expected to be held in July or first week of August.—INP
WASHINGTON — The Washington Nationals say that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation.
The team says the suspension is connected to a legal matter.
The club announced Jones' suspension less than a half-hour before the scheduled first pitch of Game 1 of Washington's NL Division Series against the defending World Series champion Chicago Cubs on Friday night.
The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ask any coffee aficionado the best place for a cup of joe in Cambridge and no doubt you'll be directed to Hot Numbers cafe.
Hot Numbers is the brain child of former engineer and caffeine lover Simon Fraser, who first got the bug for roasting coffee after a trip down under.
He said: “I first got the idea to open a coffee shop whilst I was travelling around Australia. It seems like a very romantic dream but I knew I had to follow what I was passionate about.
“After cycling half an hour across Australia to get to a coffee shop I realised this was probably something I should pursue.”
But what does it take to make a really good cup of coffee?
(Image: David Johnson)
I asked Simon: "Should it be like a good man? Dark, rich and smooth or milky, sweet and frothy? I've heard people say that there are a few pleasures in life as simple or beautiful as drinking a strong black coffee in a foreign city, but how do you really bring that feeling home to Cambridge?"
Chuckling into his coffee, Simon said: “That's the million dollar question. Like wine, it's really down to personal preference. Sometimes I like a milky coffee in the morning, but for me it's at its best in its raw form when its dark and luxurious, a proper filter coffee.”
Well that puts my usual one shot, extra milk vanilla latte to shame.
The first thing I noticed about Hot Numbers was that from start to finish it was abuzz with people, from young professionals with their laptops and broadsheet newspapers to trendy older ladies in chunky knit jumpers.
Chuck Berry is playing in the background as I sip on some of the best coffee this side of Amsterdam, and I cannot think of a word which better describes this café than cool.
From live jazz nights to hipster brunches, Hot Numbers merges together three sentiments- good coffee, good music and downright brilliant conversation.
(Image: David Johnson)
Simon said: “It's important to us that people come here and have more than just a cup of coffee, that's why we put so much effort into getting the right atmosphere. We put a lot of thought into the music, and we arranged the décor a certain way. I want people to come here and chat.”
But Gwydir Street is not the only Hot Numbers branch in Cambridge. After the success of the Mill Road coffee shop, Simon was inundated with requests to open shop elsewhere.
He added: “It's a bit of an odd location here because you wouldn't think we'd get too much passing trade, but we're always busy.
“Customers were travelling from the other side of town on their lunch break just to pop in for a coffee. Eventually when a former colleague of mine said he wished we were closer to the Museum of Technology, I started to look at growing the business and the Trumpington Street shop was born.”
With a background in engineering and some pretty nifty coffee machines, it's no wonder Simon has created what many coffee fans deem to be the best cup of joe in town.
Alongside the two cafes, Hot Numbers roasts its own speciality coffee, which is available to purchase and supplies some of Cambridge's most loved eateries such as Stir Café.
(Image: David Johnson)
“We only buy green arabica that meets the Speciality Grade. Often, to make that grade, the coffee needs to be grown in more sustainable ways.
“Less intensive methods that allow for soil improvement, reduction of pesticides and modernisation of processing both increase the quality of the crop and help to protect the environment. It's like the next step up from Fair Trade.”
When asked the key to success Simon said: “Do something you're passionate about. It doesn't matter what it is, take something you love and make a living out of it.”
If you love good coffee, music and conversation as much as Simon does, be sure to head over to Hot Numbers Café and whilst you're there, treat yourself to brunch- you won't be sorry.
Michael Ray is keeping the Get to You Tour going, extending the trek for a third leg that starts March 22 at the Majestic Theatre in Madison, Wisconsin. Along the way, th...
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — The 108 free agents who have signed, with name, position, former club if different, and contract. The contract information was obtained by The Associated Press from player and management sources. For players with minor league contracts, letter agreements for major league contracts are in parentheses:
AMERICAN LEAGUE
BALTIMORE (2) — Re-signed Logan Ondrusek, rhp, to a $650,000, one-year contract; re-signed Mark Trumbo, of, a $37.5 million, three-year contract.
BOSTON (1) — Signed Mitch Moreland, 1b, Texas, to a $5.5 million, one-year contract.
Advertisement
CHICAGO (3) — Signed Derek Holland, lhp, Texas, to a $6 million, one-year contract; signed Geovany Soto, c, Los Angeles Angels, to a minor league contract ($2 million); signed Peter Bourjos, of, Philadelphia, to a minor league contract.
CLEVELAND (3) — Signed Edwin Encarnacion, 1b-dh, to a $60 million, three-year contract; signed Austin Jackson, of, Chicago White Sox, to a minor league contract ($1.5 million); signed Boone Logan, lhp, Colorado, to a $6.5 million, one-year contract.
DETROIT (1) — Signed Alex Avila, c, Chicago White Sox, to a $2 million, one-year contract.
HOUSTON (3) — Signed Charlie Morton, rhp, Philadelphia, to $14 million, two-year contract; signed Josh Reddick, of, Los Angeles Dodgers, to a $52 million, four-year contract; signed Carlos Beltran, of, Texas, to a $16 million, one-year contract.
KANSAS CITY (3) — Re-signed Drew Butera, c, to a $3.8 million, two-year contract; signed Brandon Moss, 1b-of, St. Louis, to a $12 million, two-year contract; signed Jason Hammel, rhp, Chicago Cubs, to a $16 million, two-year contract.
LOS ANGELES (3) — Re-signed Andrew Bailey, rhp, to a $1 million, one-year contract; signed Jesse Chavez, rhp, Los Angeles Dodgers, to a $5.75 million, one-year contract; signed Luis Valbuena, 3b, Houston, to a $15 million, two-year contract.
MINNESOTA (4) — Signed Jason Castro, c, Houston, to a $24.5 million, three-year contract; signed Ryan Vogelsong, rhp, to a minor league contract ($1 million); signed Matt Belisle, rhp, Washington, to a $2.05 million, one-year contract; signed Drew Stubbs, of, Baltimore, to a minor league contract.
NEW YORK (2) — Signed Matt Holliday, of, St. Louis, to a $13 million, one-year contract; signed Aroldis Chapman, lhp, Chicago Cubs, to an $86 million, five-year contract.
OAKLAND (6) — Signed Matt Joyce, of, Pittsburgh, to an $11 million, two-year contract; signed Rajai Davis, of, Cleveland, to a $6 million, one-year contract; signed Santiago Casilla, rhp, San Francisco, to an $$11 million, two-year contract; re-signed Ross Detwiler, lhp, to a minor league contract ($1 million); signed Adam Rosales, 3b, San Diego, to a $1.25 million, one-year contract; signed Alejandro De Aza, of, New York Mets, to a minor league contract ($1.75 million).
SEATTLE (1) — Signed Marc Rzepczynski, lhp, Washington, to an $11 million, two-year contract.
TAMPA BAY (4) — Signed Wilson Ramos, c, Washington, to a $12.5 million, two-year contract; signed Colby Ramus, of, Houston, to a $5 million, one-year contract; signed Rickie Weeks, of, Arizona, to a minor league contract; re-signed Logan Morrison, 1b, to a $2.5 million, one-year contract.
TEXAS (3) — Signed Andrew Cashner, rhp, Miami, to a $10 million, one-year contract; re-signed Carlos Gomez, of, to an $11.5 million, one-year contract; signed James Loney, 1b, New York Mets, to a minor league contract ($1 million).
TORONTO (7) — Signed Kendrys Morales, dh, Kansas City, to a $33 million, three-year contract; signed Steve Pearce, 1b, Baltimore, to a $12.5 million, two-year contract; re-signed Gavin Floyd, rhp, to a minor league contract ($1 milllion); re-signed Jose Bautista, of, to an $18.5 million, one-year contract; signed Jarrod Saltalamacchia, c, Detroit, to a minor league contract; signed J.P. Howell, lhp, Los Angeles Dodgers, to a $3 million, one-year contract; signed Joe Smith, rhp, Chicago Cubs, to a $3 million, one-year contract.
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE
ARIZONA (6) — Signed Jeff Mathis, c, Miami, to a $4 million, two-year contract; signed Fernando Rodney, rhp, Miami, to a $2.5 million, one-year contract; signed Gregor Blanco, of, San Francisco, to a minor league contract ($1 million); signed Chris Iannetta, c, Seattle, to a $1.5 million, one-year contract; signed Daniel Descalso, inf, Colorado, to a $1.5 million, one-year contract; signed Kevin Jepsen, rhp, Tampa Bay, to a minor league contract.
ATLANTA (9) — Signed R.A. Dickey, rhp, Toronto, to an $8 million, one-year contract; signed Bartolo Colon, rhp, New York Mets, to a $12.5 million, one-year contract; signed Sean Rodriguez, inf, Pittsburgh, to an $11.5 million, two-year contract; signed Blaine Boyer, rhp, Milwaukee, to a minor league contract ($975,000); signed Jordan Walden, rhp, St. Louis, to a minor league contract ($1 million); re-signed Eric O'Flahery, lhp, to a minor league contract; re-signed Emilio Bonifacio, of, to a minor league contract; signed Kurt Suzuki, c, Minnesota, to a $1.5 million, one-year contract; signed Kris Medlen, rhp, Kansas City, to a minor league contract ($1 million).
CHICAGO (5) — Signed Jon Jay, of, San Diego, to an $8 million, one-year contract; signed Brian Duensing, lhp, Baltimore, to a $2 million, one-year contract; signed Kohi Uehara, rhp, Boston, to a $6 million, one-year contract; signed Brett Anderson, lhp, Los Angeles Dodgers, to a $3.5 million, one-year contract; re-signed Munenori Kawasaki, 2b-3b, to a minor league contract
CINCINNATI (2) — Signed Drew Storen, rhp, Seattle, to a $3 million, one-year contract; signed Scott Feldman, rhp, Toronto, to a $2.3 million, one-year contract.
COLORADO (3) — Signed Ian Desmond, of-1b, Texas, to a $70 million, five-year contract; signed Mike Dunn, lhp, Miami, to a $19 million, three-year contract; re-signed Mark Reynolds, 1b, to a minor league contract.
LOS ANGELES (4) — Re-signed Rich Hill, lhp, to a $48 million, three-year contract; re-signed Justin Turner, 3b, to a $64 million, four-year contract; re-signed Kenley Jansen, rhp, to an $80 million, five-year contract; signed Brandon Morrow, rhp, San Diego, to a minor league contract ($1.25 million).
MIAMI (5) — Signed Edinson Volquez, rhp, Miami, to a $22 million, two-year contract; signed A.J. Ellis, c, Philadelphia, to a $2.5 million, one-year contract; re-signed Dustin McGowan, rhp, to a $1.75 million, one-year contract; signed Junichi Tazawa, rhp, Boston, to a $12 million, two-year contract; signed Brad Ziegler, rhp, Boston, to a $12 million, two-year contract.
MILWAUKEE (1) — Signed Neftali Feliz, rhp, Pittsburgh, to a $5.35 million, one-year contract.
NEW YORK (3) — Neil Walker, 2b, accepted $17.2 million qualifying offer; re-signed Yoenis Cespedes, of, to a $110 million, four-year contract; re-signed Jerry Blevins, lhp, to a $6.5 million, one-year contract.
PHILADELPHIA (7) — Jeremy Hellickson, rhp, accepted $17.2 million qualifying offer; signed Joaquin Benoit, rhp, Toronto, to a $7.5 million, one-year contract; signed Sean Burnett, lhp, Washington, to a minor league contract ($1.25 million); re-signed Andres Blanco, 3b, to a $3 million, one-year contract; signed Michael Saunders, of, Toronto, to a $9 million, one-year contract; signed Ryan Hanigan, c, Boston, to a minor league contract ($1.25 million); signed Chris Coghlan, of, Chicago Cubs, to a minor league contract.
PITTSBURGH (2) — Signed Daniel Hudson, rhp, Arizona, to an $11 million, two-year contract; re-signed Ivan Nova, rhp, to a $26 million, three-year contract.
ST. LOUIS (2) — Signed Brett Cecil, lhp, Toronto, to a $30.5 million, four-year contract; signed Dexter Fowler, of, Chicago Cubs, to an $82.5 million, five-year contract.
SAN DIEGO (4) — Signed Jhoulys Chacin, rhp, to a $1.75 million, one-year contract; re-signed Clayton Richard, lhp, to a $1.75 million, one-year contract; signed Trevor Cahill, rhp, Chicago Cubs, to a $1.75 million, one-year contract; signed Erick Aybar, ss, Detroit, to a minor league contract.
SAN FRANCISCO (4) — Signed Mark Melancon, rhp, Washington, to a $62 million, four-year contract; signed Nick Hundley, c, Colorado, to a $2 million, one-year contract; re-signed Gordon Beckham, inf, to a minor league contract ($1.25 million); signed David Hernandez, rhp, Philadelphia, to a minor league contract.
WASHINGTON (4) — Re-signed Chris Heisey, of, to a $1.4 million, one-year contract; re-signed Stephen Drew, 2b, to a $3.5 million, one-year contract; signed Joe Nathan, rhp, San Francisco, to a minor league contract ($1.25 million); signed Matt Albers, rhp, Chicago White Sox, to a minor league contract ($1.15 million).
___
JAPAN CENTRAL LEAGUE
YOMIURI (1) — Signed Casey McGehee, 3b, Detroit, to a $1.7 million, one-year contract.
The Nebraska volleyball team announced its 2017 schedule on Monday, featuring 15 of 30 matches against teams that reached the NCAA Tournament last year.
The defending Big Ten champion Huskers begin the season on Aug. 25-26 at the VERT Challenge in Gainesville, Florida, where the Big Red will face Oregon and the host Gators. The VERT Challenge is in its third year of a four-year cycle. The Huskers will host the tournament in 2018.
Nebraska will open at home on Sept. 1-2 with the annual Ameritas Players Challenge. NU will play two matches on Friday, Sept. 1 and one on Saturday, Sept. 2. The other teams in the tournament are Oral Roberts, Saint Mary's and Maryland-Baltimore County. Official matchups and times will be announced at a later date. All home matches that are not part of the Ameritas Players Challenge are tentatively set for a 7 p.m. start, though some start times – and possibly dates – will change once TV selections are made. Fans are reminded to check Huskers.com for schedule changes and the most up-to-date information.
Instead of hosting a second tournament this season, Nebraska will play UCLA at the Devaney Center on back-to-back nights on Sept. 8-9. Nebraska and UCLA were regular opponents from 2000-2012, playing eight times – including seven meetings in John Cook's first 10 seasons at Nebraska. But the teams will end a five-year break when they meet in September. UCLA was one win away from reaching the final four last year.
The Huskers will finish the non-conference portion of the schedule with a trip to Omaha for three matches at the Omaha Challenge, hosted by UNO at Baxter Arena. The Huskers will meet the Mavericks on Saturday, Sept. 16 at 7:30 p.m. for the first time since Omaha transitioned to Division I in 2011. The teams haven't played since 1990. Nebraska is set to face Kansas State and Northern Iowa that weekend as well. It will be a homecoming for Husker senior setter Kelly Hunter, who grew up in Papillion, Nebraska, just a few minutes down the road from the UNO campus.
The Huskers begin the 20-match Big Ten schedule with a rugged stretch at the beginning of conference play. Of Nebraska's first seven Big Ten matches, five will be against teams that advanced to an NCAA regional last year. In the first month of the Big Ten season, NU will visit Penn State (Sept. 22) and Wisconsin (Oct. 11), and will host Minnesota (Sept. 29), Wisconsin (Sept. 30) and Michigan State (Oct. 4). The Huskers will also visit Rutgers (Sept. 23) and Iowa (Oct. 7) in that stretch.
Despite the tough start, Nebraska's six single-play Big Ten opponents are Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio State and Penn State. Four of those teams (Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio State and Penn State) reached an NCAA regional last year, and the six combined for a 68-52 (.567) Big Ten record.
After a trip to Purdue on Oct. 14, Nebraska will host Northwestern on Oct. 20 and Illinois – led by new head coach and former Husker assistant Chris Tamas – on Oct. 21. The Huskers travel to face Michigan State and Michigan on Oct. 27 and Oct. 28 before a four-match home stretch: Purdue (Nov. 3), Indiana (Nov. 4), Maryland (Nov. 8) and Rutgers (Nov. 11).
NU will play three straight matches on the road – Ohio State (Nov. 17), Maryland (Nov. 18) and Northwestern (Nov. 22) – before closing the regular season at home against Iowa on Saturday, Nov. 25.
For the second straight year, the top 16 seeds will host the NCAA Tournament first and second rounds (Nov. 30-Dec. 2), and the top remaining seed in each quadrant of the bracket after the second round will have the chance to host one of the four regionals on Dec. 8-9.
The Huskers were one of the four teams to host a regional in 2016, as they beat Penn State and Washington to advance to the NCAA Semifinals for the second straight year. The 2017 NCAA Semifinals and Championship will be played Dec. 14-16 at the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Missouri. It will be the second appearance of the finals in Kansas City, as UMKC hosted the finals in 2010.
AP Photo/Jessica Hill
It was a rough day for the already-roiled U.S. health insurance market: One giant merger was abandoned, another is threatened by infighting, and a major insurer announced it will stop selling coverage on public exchanges in 11 states.
Both merger deals had already been rejected by federal regulators and judges, but the companies were considering appeals to those decisions. Now they both appear to be off.
Aetna said it was abandoning its planned $34 billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana early Tuesday. Then, later in the day, Cigna said it is suing Anthem to kill a $48 billion acquisition bid.
The deals were conceived as a way to help the insurers increase their enrollment and cut down on expenses in part so they could improve their performances on the Affordable Care Act's public insurance exchanges. Big insurers have been hit with substantial losses from the exchanges, even though they represent a relatively small part of their overall business. Many have already cut back their offerings, and that has slashed customer choices in markets around the country.
The collapse of one deal and the uncertain future of the other could hurt shoppers on the exchanges next year by leaving them with even fewer options and potentially higher prices. Humana told investors late Tuesday that it was abandoning it exchanges in all 11 of its states as of the beginning of next year.
Humana, based in Louisville, Kentucky, was the only insurer on exchanges in 16 Tennessee counties, according to data compiled at the start of the 2017 open enrollment period by the Associated Press and health care consulting firm Avalere. That means customers in those counties may have no way to buy coverage with help from government tax credits next year unless another insurer decides to enter those markets.
Every exchange in the U.S. had at least one insurer selling coverage on it for 2017, according to Larry Levitt of the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation, which studies health care issues.
Morningstar insurance analyst Vishnu Lekraj said it's possible all the four insurers involved in the deals could leave the exchanges.
Aetna Chairman and CEO Mark Bertolini raised that possibility months ago. He said that if his company's planned, was blocked, “we believe it is very likely that we would need to leave the public exchange business entirely,” according to court documents filed in that case.
Aetna, based in Hartford, Connecticut, says it lost $450 million last year on ACA-compliant coverage, while the company booked an overall profit of $2.27 billion. Its loss on ACA-compliant business was $100 million more than it expected.
Bertolini said recently that his company would announce by April 1 whether it will remain in any of its exchanges. “We're looking at everything,” he said.
Government and industry officials have said President Donald Trump's administration and congressional Republicans are weighing measures to stabilize the wobbly exchanges. Insurers have been pushing them to act soon.
“The clock is definitely ticking for the Trump administration to provide some clarity around what the rules will be,” Levitt said.
In suing to end its tie-up, Cigna, based in Bloomfield, Connecticut, said it wants more than $13 billion in damages from its onetime-companion Anthem, the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer, which is based in Indianapolis.
Cigna says it is seeking a $1.85 billion termination fee from Anthem and billions more in damages for what it says were Anthem's breaches of the merger agreement.
The insurer says the damages include the amount Cigna shareholders would have received if the merger had not failed. It noted that Anthem assumed full responsibility for litigation strategy and getting the necessary regulatory approvals, suggesting that it was Anthem's responsibility to push the deal through.
“Cigna fulfilled all of its contractual obligations and fully cooperated with Anthem throughout the approval process,” the insurer said in a statement.
An Anthem spokeswoman says Cigna has no right to end the deal, and it remains committed to closing the transaction. The insurer had just filed on Monday paperwork to appeal the federal court ruling.
Anthem and Aetna put their acquisition bids together in 2015 and touted them as a way to grow enrollment and reap savings that they would then pass on to consumers.
The deal would have given Aetna the opportunity to significantly expand its presence in Medicare Advantage coverage, which involves privately run versions of the federal Medicare program for people who are over 65 or disabled.
But the Department of Justice had sued last summer to stop the deals, due to concerns about how they may affect prices and consumer choices. Federal judges then rejected the acquisitions in separate rulings filed earlier this year.
The deals would have combined four of the nations' five largest insurers. UnitedHealth Group is the largest.
—
AP Data Journalist Meghan Hoyer contributed to this report from Washington, D.C.
Comments
comments
12A-5A Coast to Coast with George Noory
5A-6A America in the Morning
6A-7A “This Morning, America's First News,” with Gordon Deal
7A-9A Early Morning Show with Dakota Tucker – News – Sports –Obits, Entertainment
8:30-9A “Ask the Expert Show” hosted by Steve Webster. Guests include Dr. Kevyn Soupiset from Advanced and Progressive Sports Medicine in Great Bend, Larned and Hays.
9A-10A Trading Post with John O'Connor
10A-11A Agri-Talk with Chip Flory – Chip will be joined by Derek Haigwood, recently elected Chairman of the USSEC, NCGA President Kevin Skunes, and Don Scott with the NBB.
11A-11:30 “Viewpoints”
11:30-12:00 “Room 428” hosted by Cole Reif. Guests include Great Bend High School JAG Instructor Jennifer Hopkins.
12P-12:25 KVGB Noon Report – News, Sports, Weather, and other info.
12:25-1P “Sports Day” with Steve Webster and Cole Reif
1P-4P Dave Ramsey Show
4P-5P Market Rally
5P-6P KVGB 5pm Report – News, Sports, Weather, and other info
6P-8P ESPN Radio – “Spain & Fitz”
8P-11P Royals Baseball – Kansas City Royals vs San Francisco Giants
11P-MID ESPN Radio – “Freddie & Fitzsimmons”
Renovating your space, or building a new home? One of the most difficult things to choose is sure to be your floor covering — and with more style choices than ever before, the practical option of tiles may be your best bet.
“We're moving away from just the tame and tasteful, understated tile offerings of the past few years that have caused so much interior design to look the same,” says Matt Tucker, creative director at Matt Tucker Design Studio.
“What we're beginning to see now are tiles that focus on adding texture, geometry and graphic patterns to our homes — and we're also seeing a return to colour, which hasn't been around for a while.”
Camera Icon Tile trends. Matt Tucker - Apavisa and Attica Stone and Tiles Picture: Apavisa and Attica Stone and Tiles
Jessica Ciccarelli, sales and design consultant at Myaree Ceramics, says the 70s revival making its way through tiles is one of her favourite new trends.
“Tiles have taken a turn for the textural and imperfect — we're seeing a lot of beautiful thickly-glazed wall tiles with hand-cut edges, inspired by the zellige tiles you see everywhere in Morocco,” she says.
“It's a great opportunity for unusual finishes — tiles aren't just for your bathroom and can be used for external walls, entryways or the front porch.”
Camera Icon Tile trends. Matt Tucker - Apavisa and Attica Stone and Tiles Picture: Apavisa and Attica Stone and Tiles
When considering how much or how little of a wall to tile, Mr Tucker says he'd always recommend tiling all the way to the ceiling.
“I love a tiled feature wall in a bathroom – to keep your space feeling open and uncomplicated, take your floor tile and run it up one main wall,” he says.
“What's great about doing this is that it doesn't matter how adventurous or subtle you want to be in your choice, it still looks great.”
Camera Icon Living room interior with vibrant orange armchair, carpet, coffee table with flowers, hexagonal tiles on the wall, pendant light above, decorative ornate design. blank white wall for copy space artist template Picture: Getty Images
Let's get practical here: what is the easiest tile to keep clean?
“Anything too plain as a floor tile can be a nightmare, like black floor tiles with no movement — they're amazing when they're perfectly clean, but an absolute nightmare in showing watermarks and dirt,” says Ms Ciccarelli.
“Try and choose a tile that suits your lifestyle — there are plenty of nice finishes and textures you can use in bathroom wall tiles, too, like a beautiful soft white which is great for hiding fingerprints.”
Mr Tucker says it's important to choose coloured tiles because you love them — not just because they're on-trend.
“I'm always cautious with colour trends that come and go quickly in interior design — more often than not, what you achieve is a really fashionable look at the time that very quickly dates once the fad is gone,” he says.
“That being said, I'm an absolute advocate for colour — there are plenty of timeless options and exciting design opportunities if you choose well.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For most people, it would be impressive to have one book published before hitting their teenage years.
But 12-year-old Jona David is launching his third published work this week.
Jona, a student at King's College School, will officially launch The Mechanical Chess Invention at Heffers Bookstore, Cambridge on May 12 at 2pm.
His father Markus Gehring, 45, said: "It is incredible. It has been an incredible journey for him and us as a family and we are incredibly proud.”
(Image: Creative Commons)
Jona is part of the Voices of Future Generations Children's Initiative, a platform set up by the UN which aims to help children advance the right to education and literacy throughout the world.
His work has also been picked up by publisher Bloomsbury, who will be publishing contributions from him in a book titledVisions of the Future, which will be released this summer.
The Mechanical Chess Invention tells the story of two brothers and their friends who uncover a dastardly plot to take over the world and find a whimsical way to win.
Jona was diagnosed with dyslexia at seven, and overcame his condition by memorising the 8,000 most common words in English.
He wrote his first book, The Epic Eco-Inventions , to prove he'd accomplished the feat.
Since then, his work has been translated into four languages, selling thousands of copies in the process.
Jona says his inspiration is Professor Stephen Hawking, who was a near neighbour in Cambridge, and a person he knew before his passing.
The young prodigy is a staunch advocate of the importance of environmentalism, and has engaged in public speaking events about sustainable development from New York to Fiji.
And he remains completely composed, according to his dad, who said: “I would get stressed talking to a room full of adults. He was at a conference in Taiwan, talking to 2,000 children and didn't even blink. The moment you start talking about his writing and interests you have his full attention, and can give you a mini lecture.”
On what the future holds for his precocious son, Mr Gehrig said: “He's very interested in chess and science. So he'd like to solve a big fundamental issue in science like CERN, or as someone who questions environmental sustainability and social equity.”
The News acknowledged Jona's achievements in 2016, when he was jointed awarded pupil of the year at the Cambridge News Education Awards, alongside Roseanne Wares.
All proceeds from the launch will go towards the Cambridgeshire Children's Chess League.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST NFL
Oakland at Kansas City, 1 p.m.
San Francisco at Houston, 1 p.m.
Minnesota at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Chicago at Cincinnati, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Tampa Bay, 1 p.m.
Indianapolis at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Washington at L.A. Chargers, 4:05 p.m.
Tennessee at Arizona, 4:05 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at Denver, 4:05 p.m.
Seattle at Jacksonville, 4:25 p.m.
Philadelphia at L.A. Rams, 4:25 p.m.
Baltimore at Pittsburgh, 8:30 p.m.
TOP 25 BASKETBALL Men
No. 2 Kansas vs. No. 16 Arizona State, 2 p.m.
No. 4 Villanova vs. La Salle at the Wells Fargo Center, 1 p.m.
No. 12 Gonzaga at Washington, 8 p.m.
No. 21 Purdue vs. IUPUI, 7 p.m.
Women
No. 2 Texas at No. 11 Tennessee, 3 p.m.
No. 6 Mississippi State vs. UALR, 3 p.m.
No. 10 West Virginia vs. Coppin State, 2 p.m.
No. 13 Florida State vs. Arizona State, 2 p.m.
No. 14 Duke vs. Winthrop, 2 p.m.
No. 17 Missouri vs. SIU Edwardsville, 3 p.m.
No. 19 Oregon State vs. San Jose State, 5 p.m.
No. 20 Kentucky at Miami, 1 p.m.
No. 22 Villanova at Temple, 2 p.m.
No. 23 Green Bay at Loyola of Chicago, 2 p.m.
No. 24 Michigan vs. Kent State, 2 p.m.
No. 25 California at Pacific, 5 p.m.
NBA
Toronto at Sacramento, 3:30 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 4 p.m.
Denver at Indiana, 5 p.m.
Dallas at Minnesota, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
NHL
Arizona at Chicago, 7 p.m.
Buffalo at St. Louis, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Toronto, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
OTHER EVENTS Golf
PGA Tour, QBE Shootout, Naples, Fla.
European Tour/Sunshine Tour/Asian Tour, Joburg Open, Johannesburg
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (AP) — Randy Moss made quite the scene over his career with the Minnesota Vikings, from crowd-pleasing feats and game-changing ability on the field to that notorious tendency to mouth off afterward.
During what he believed to be a routine visit to Vikings headquarters to discuss some business for Super Bowl week, Moss was back in the spotlight again.
This time, he found himself there unwittingly . President Mark Wilf informed him that he and Ahmad Rashad, another former Vikings wide receiver, were picked as the 22nd and 23rd additions to the franchise's Ring of Honor.
Moss will be inducted Sept. 11 during Minnesota's season opener, a Monday night game that Moss would already be at for his duty as an ESPN analyst.
Advertisement
“It was definitely humbling, and I'm speechless,” Moss said, then recounting for reporters his surprise Wednesday upon discovering the purple jersey bearing his name above the white 84 numeral in a frame on the wall outside the room where he met with Wilf and other Vikings officials.
Then Moss, followed by a camera crew on his every move, watched the Vikings practice and gave the players a brief pep talk at the end.
“What I took to heart was what Randy said at the end of the practice,” said defensive end Brian Robison, the longest-tenured player on the team.
“I've always lived by the motto that, in order to be the best, you have to work harder than the rest. He broke us down today and said, ‘You have to work harder than anybody. You have to take advantage of every opportunity that you get.'”
When Moss slipped down the 1998 draft board, with other teams turned off by the trouble he got into during his college years, then-coach Dennis Green and the Vikings sure took advantage of their opportunity.
Moss set the NFL rookie record with 17 touchdown receptions and earned his first of three All-Pro honors with the team. There were behavioral problems along the way, and five-figure fines to pay, but Moss not only electrified a stagnant fan base but prompted rival Green Bay to revamp its draft strategy for defensive backs so they'd have bigger players to cover him with.
“The one thing that I will tell you, man: the love, the passion that I put into this game. To some, it might have been arrogance. But to me, man, I was just focused,” Moss said.
“Tunnel vision, man. Because I always wanted to play the game of football, something I grew up loving to do as a kid. Some people like to play with their cars. Some girls like to play with doll babies. Ever since I was 6 years old, man, I loved the game of football. That's what drove me to where I'm at today.”
His favorite memory of playing in Minnesota? Naturally, that was his breakout game against the Packers in 1998 when he had three touchdown catches on a Monday night game, a 37-24 victory for the Vikings.
After seven seasons, he was traded to Oakland, only to return for one month during a tumultuous 2010 season when he clashed with then-coach Brad Childress and was cut.
Eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame for the first time next year, Moss is second in NFL history with 156 touchdown receptions and third with 15,292 receiving yards.
“All the memories that I have, good and bad, I won't trade them for nothing,” Moss said.
Toward the end of his news conference next to the practice fields at Winter Park where he first ventured into the league, Moss was asked what he would say to Green, who died a year ago, if he were still around now. After a long pause to collect his emotions, Moss began to cry.
“Coach Green gave me an opportunity, man. I told him, ‘Coach, you're not going to regret this.' So, you ask me what I would say to him? Man, I'd probably just fall in his arms and give him a hug,” Moss said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2 percent annual rate in the first three months of the year, as consumers and businesses slowed their spending. But given the economy's recent performance, analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter.
Growth in the gross domestic product, the economy's total output of goods and services, came in slightly below the first estimate last month of 2.3 percent in the January-March period, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday. GDP is expected to strengthen to a growth rate of about 3 percent in the April-June quarter.
The Trump administration is projecting that its economic policies will keep growth at rates of 3 percent or better in coming years.
The new report was the government's second of three looks at GDP in the first quarter. The biggest factor in the downward revision was less inventory building by businesses, which shaved 0.3 percentage points off growth.
Consumer spending, which accounts for 70 percent of economic activity, slowed more than previously thought to an annual growth rate of just 1 percent. It was the worst showing in nearly five years. The consumer slowdown had been expected given a surge in spending for cars and other big-ticket items in the fourth quarter. Offsetting some of the weakness was more strength in business spending on new plants and equipment.
Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics, said the downward revision in inventory growth was a good sign for the future because it means businesses will have more room to build inventories in coming quarters, thus adding to GDP.
“The incoming monthly data suggest that second-quarter GDP growth will be much stronger,” he said, predicting a rebound to growth of 3 percent to 3.5 percent in the current quarter.
President Donald Trump said in a tweet Monday that the country was enjoying the “best economy in decades.” The president contends that his program of $1.5 trillion in tax cuts, government deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade laws will lift the economy to permanent growth rates of 3 percent or better.
That would be a significant improvement over the lackluster gains averaging around 2 percent annual growth since the Great Recession ended in mid-2009. Many economists believe the tax cuts and increased government spending will boost growth this year and next. But they warn that growth will slow sharply in 2020 as the stimulus wears off and interest rates climb, reflecting soaring government deficits and credit tightening by the Federal Reserve.
Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University, Channel Islands, and other economists believe the chances of an outright recession starting in 2020 have risen, saying that some of the growth the country will enjoy over the next two years will come at the expense of activity in 2020.
“I think there will be a significant slowing in 2020 and I wouldn't rule out the possibility of negative GDP that year,” Sohn said.
© The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. and UFC star Conor McGregor will meet Aug. 26 in a boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world.
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday, after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would come out of retirement at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing match.
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters.
Advertisement
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face the Irish UFC superstar at the MGM Grand arena. He had tweeted a picture of himself sparring in recent days to show he was already getting ready for the bout.
“This is really an unprecedented event,” said Stephen Espinoza, who heads Showtime Sports, which will handle the pay-per-view. “Really we haven't seen anything in modern history that resembles it, it's impossible to predict how many sales this will do.”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather's team pushed for the fight in recent days.
“All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done,” he said. “The sky's the limit on this.”
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
“As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it,” Espinoza said.
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Mayweather is 40 years old, not 41.
President DonaldTrump and his Republican allies on Friday escalated a campaign against US law enforcement agencies over their probe into Russia by making public a classified memo that the FBI had sought to keep under wraps.
The document, drawn up by congressional Republicans, alleges bias against Trump at the FBI and Justice Department in the investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and ties between Moscow and the Trump campaign.
Ignoring FBI urgings, Trump approved the release of the memo, deepening an extraordinary showdown between the president and senior law enforcement officials over a probe that has dogged him for his first year in office and that is now headed by Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
As soon as Trump declassified the four-page memo, telling reporters its contents told a disgraceful story of bias against him, Republicans on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee released it to the public.
The document alleges the FBI concealed the Democratic ties of a source the agency used to justify surveillance on a Trump campaign worker. It says a string of senior Justice Department officials signed off on this.
The memo has become a flashpoint in a battle between Republicans and Democrats over Mueller's criminal probe, which is also believed to be looking into any attempts to impede the investigation.
Democrats say Trump's allies hope to use the memo to protect the president and possibly to give him a reason to fire Deputy US Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who hired Mueller and so would be the person to dismiss him, or even Mueller himself.
Asked by reporters on Friday if he had confidence in Rosenstein, Trump replied, “You figure that one out.”
“A lot of people should be ashamed,” Trump said of the findings in the document.
Trump has repeatedly complained about Mueller's investigation, denying any collusion or obstruction of justice. Moscow has denied any election meddling.
In a Twitter message on Friday, Trump accused top US law enforcement officers – some of whom he appointed himself – of politicizing investigations.
It was his latest attack on top justice officials. Trump fired FBI Director James Comey in May last year. Comey later told a congressional hearing that he believed his removal was an effort byTrump to undermine the Russia probe.
Senator John McCain, who is regarded as a heavyweight in Congress on foreign affairs, strongly criticized his fellow Republicans and Trump for attacking the FBI and the Justice Department.
“Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him,” McCain said in a statement, referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
MEMO DETAILS
The document, commissioned by the Republican chairman of the House intelligence panel, Devin Nunes, uses the case of investigations into Trump campaign aide Carter Page, saying the FBI used a biased source to justify surveillance on him.
It alleges that a dossier of Trump-Russia contacts compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele, and funded in part by U.S. Democrats, formed an “essential part” of requests to a special court to be allowed to conduct electronic surveillance on Page that began in October, 2016.
It says the initial application and subsequent renewal applications, signed off on by various senior Justice Department officials including Rosenstein, did not mention the link between Steele and the Democrats.
It also portrays Steele as biased, saying he “was passionate about him (Trump) not being president.”
The memo largely repeated allegations that Nunes and others had made publicly previously and did not appear to include major surprises.
Two days ago, in a rare public rebuke of the president and Republicans in Congress who were pushing to release the memo, the Federal Bureau of Investigation said it had “grave concerns about material omissions of fact” in the document and it should not be made public.
The FBI director, Christopher Wray, was appointed by Trump.
Democrats said the memo cherry picks information.
“The selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the Intelligence Community and our law enforcement agencies,” Democrats on the House intelligence panel said in a statement.
The Democrats said they hoped to release their own memo responding to the allegations on Feb. 5.
The entire file that the Justice Department used to apply for permission to eavesdrop on Page remains highly classified, making it hard to evaluate the memo's contents.
In his swipe at U.S. law enforcement leadership on Twitter on Friday, Trump said, “The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago.”
He praised “rank and file” FBI employees.
His latest salvo was sure to worsen the president's frayed relations with agencies that are supposed to be politically independent.
James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence under Democratic President Barack Obama, said Trump's attack on the FBI and Justice Department was the “pot calling the kettle black.”
Seeking to defuse the conflict over the memo, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan backed the release of a Democratic counterpoint document. His office said he backed making the Democrats' rebuttal public if it does not reveal intelligence gathering sources or methods.
Democrats say their counter-memo restores context and information left out of the Republican version. Republicans have resisted releasing that document.
​Peyton Morehouse, granddaughter of Olive Smith and Richard and Jessie Smith, Maryville, and Phyllis Morehouse, Hopkins, and her KC Peppers team took third recently in the 16A division of the 2017 Heartland World Series in Kansas City.
Battling hot temps around 100 degrees, with heat indexes 110+ and being down a pitcher, Morehouse's team was able to go 8-3 to clench third place. Morehouse, a pitcher, attends Park Hill High School in Kansas City.
URBANA, Ill. - Farmers are stuck. Western corn rootworm can destroy cornfields - and profits - but populations of the "billion-dollar bug" have stopped responding to insecticides and the genetically modified corn hybrids designed to resist insect attacks. But there may be hope. In a new study, University of Illinois researchers uncover the genetic basis of resistance to western corn rootworm, paving the way for development of non-GM corn hybrids that can withstand the worm.
"Our previous research showed that there is no inherent resistance in the elite hybrids grown by most farmers in the Midwest," says Martin Bohn, corn breeder in the Department of Crop Sciences at U of I. "We want to improve native resistance to western corn rootworm in maize, without using transgenics."
The work was done within the context of a large, longstanding project called Germplasm Enhancement of Maize (GEM), which aims to diversify the tools available to corn breeders by tapping the genetic resources of maize accessions from all over the world.
"Some of my colleagues look into lines that yield more, some look into nutritional characteristics. We were screening for insect resistance. There were not that many, but we found some. We had to look into lines from Argentina, Brazil, and the Caribbean Islands to find it," Bohn says.
The resistant corn lines can't just be released here in the United States. For one thing, the plants are massive, leggy giants compared to the elite hybrids Midwestern farmers are used to growing. They're also adapted to very different environments, and wouldn't flower at the right time to produce reasonable yields.
By crossing exotic and elite lines, GEM created plants with a quarter of the genes of the exotics. Several of these lines remained promising with regard to their level of resistance.
But the team still didn't know why the new lines were resistant. "What is the genetic basis of resistance? If you find that, then you can screen other exotic materials for resistance much more efficiently and effectively, with a more targeted approach," Bohn says.
The researchers haven't found the gene for resistance - Bohn says the trait is likely too complex for it to boil down to a single gene - but the group has identified regions of the genome that appear to contribute to resistance, using a technique known as QTL mapping. There were some common themes among the regions.
"When we look at other genes in these regions, one of the common denominators is ascorbate biosynthesis," Bohn says. In other words, one mechanism explaining western corn rootworm resistance might be the manufacture of ascorbate in the plant. The ascorbate synthesis pathway produces free radicals that injure feeding insects.
The analysis turned up another set of genes that may be involved in resistance, but this one is a little more complex. When western corn rootworm larvae are feeding on roots, some corn plants release a compound into the soil that calls nematodes to attack the larvae. The second set of genes appears to be related to the manufacture of compounds that attract those nematodes.
"This is very important because plants can't uproot themselves and go somewhere else, so they have to use other mechanisms to protect themselves," Bohn says.
The results are a first step in introducing native resistance mechanisms into new elite hybrids, but much more research is needed before that happens. And Bohn cautions that the level of native resistance found in the study is no match for the power of transgenic insect-resistant corn, at least not yet.
"The idea is when you know where the genes with these small effects are located, perhaps it is possible to bring them into one common genetic background. If we can accumulate these genes, over time we might increase the level of resistance so that it makes sense for farmers to grow them."
###
The article, "Quantitative trait loci mapping of western corn rootworm (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae) host plant resistance in two populations of doubled haploid lines in maize (Zea mays L.)," is published in the Journal of Economic Entomology. Bohn's co-authors include J. Marroquin from U of I, S. Flint-Garcia and B. Hibbard from USDA-ARS, K. Dashiell from the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture in Nigeria, and D. Willmot from AgReliant Genetics.
The work was partially supported by funds from the USDA-ARS "Germplasm Enhancement in 477 Maize" Project by Specific Cooperative Agreements and the Hatch Project ILLU-802-315.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Uber's licence to operate in Cambridge is being reviewed to determine whether they are a “fit and proper” group to operate in the city.
In September, transport bosses at Transport for London (TfL) made headlines when they decided not to renew the licence for cab company Uber. The decision is currently being appealed.
Now, with the company's licence in Cambridge approaching its expiry date, councillors will take a hard look at whether to allow them to keep operating in the city.
At the time, a spokesman for Cambridge City Council said: “We will look closely at the detail of TfL's decision and the likely appeal Uber has indicated it will lodge against that decision before considering Uber's operator licence in Cambridge, and whether that licence should be renewed or not.”
poll loading Do you want Cambridge to keep Uber? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Next Monday (December 18), the city council's Taxi Licensing Committee will discuss whether to renew the private hire operator's licence held by Uber Britannia Limited.
Uber Britannia Limited was first issued with a Private Hire Operator's Licence on December 21, 2015 for one year.
Due to Uber not having traded under the initial licence for a whole year, the subsequent renewal application was treated as a new application. The licence was issued on December 21, 2016 for a period of one year.
According to a report due to go before the committee: “Since November 2016, we have received six complaints regarding Uber as an operator.
“Five of these were received on the 15th and 16th November 2016, which was when Uber vehicles first appeared in Cambridge. The complaints related to how the bookings were made.
“Investigations carried out by the Licensing enforcement officers concluded that Uber was acting correctly.”
The report added that: “No complaints have been made to Cambridge City Council from members of the public in regards to journeys taken in Uber vehicles.
“At the time of the inspection, Uber Britannia Limited currently uses four private hire vehicles and drivers licensed by Cambridge City Council.”
Two letters objecting to the renewal of the Operator's licence have been sent from Panther Taxis Ltd and a joint response from Cambridge City Licensed Taxis (CCLT) and Cambridge Hackney & Private Hire Association (CHPHA).
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Freddie Davidson will be hoping to add another chapter to an already rich rowing family history when he lines up for Cambridge in Saturday's Boat Race.
For it was 64 years ago this summer that Freddie's granddad, Alastair Davidson, picked up two Commonwealth Games medals for England over in Vancouver.
He was part of the men's eight which came second only to hosts Canada, and the men's coxed fours which finished third behind Australia and New Zealand.
“With my grandad rowing in the Commonwealth Games, rowing has been in my family for a long time,” Freddie said. “A lot of my best friends at school took up rowing too, so a combination of those two things made me take it up – that and my mum didn't want me to get injured playing rugby!
“My granddad had quite a different trajectory from me – he started rowing at a club, the Thames Boat Club, and didn't go to university – but he tells me a lot of stories about when his club used to race the Oxford and Cambridge eights and beat them.
“He's given me something to really aspire to I aspire to. He's also just moved to Hammersmith Bridge near the Boat Race course, so he's coming out to watch every time we're there, which is brilliant.”
Davidson is already very familiar with the Boat Race course, not only through being part of the Cambridge crew last year, but also through being a former pupil of St Paul's School, which is based right on the Thames in Barnes.
“In my first year at school there was a new head coach, so I was part of the regeneration of the school's rowing,” he said. “While I was there the rowing was getting better and better, and now just after I've left they've started winning everything.
“The school itself is right on the Boat Race course, so you could go out every lunchtime on it, but I didn't really think about being in the Boat Race myself until my last year at school, when I thought it would be cool.
“It's definitely really useful to learn on that water because it's quite difficult to row if you're rowing it the first time. It's moving so fast underneath you and it's quite hard to balance the boat.
“Knowing all the markers on the course is definitely an advantage as well, probably more so for our cox, who learnt to row on the Thames as well. He'll know exactly where the fastest line is, which is a huge advantage.”
It was while at St Paul's that Davidson represented Great Britain twice in the Junior World Championships, as well as winning the Princess Elizabeth Cup at Henley, before pitching up at Cambridge.
The 19-year-old is at stroke this year but made his Boat Race debut in the second seat last year, when he was the youngest in either crew and had a baptism of fire when he was involved in a clash of oars with an Oxford rival.
“Initially when I turned up here amongst all these older guys it was a little bit intimidating, but I soon found out they were just as immature as me and really easy to get on with,” he added.
“Within a couple of weeks you forget they're four years older than you and get on really well, so from that perspective it wasn't that weird for me by the time we got to the race, it just felt natural.
“Last year was one of those races where you have a bit of everything, which was exciting to be a part of. It was quite nervy at times, especially with the clashing, but overall it was a really positive experience which puts me in good stead for this year.”
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- A cross-like shape helps the electrodes of implantable neurostimulation devices to deliver more charge to specific areas of the nervous system, possibly prolonging device life span, says research published in March in Scientific Reports.
The shape, called "fractal," would be particularly useful for stimulating smaller areas, such as deep brain structures or the retina, since it maximizes perimeter within a smaller surface area - providing the higher resolution needed for restoring bodily functions and potentially enabling neurostimulation devices to last longer in the body without a recharge.
"There are challenges with shrinking the size of these electrodes," said Hyowon "Hugh" Lee, assistant professor of biomedical engineering. "If you shrink them too small, then you can't inject enough energy to be able to activate the underlying substrate."
Industry currently produces circular or rectangular electrodes for neurostimulation devices. "There's really no reason to maintain these shapes other than the fact that it makes it easier for the conventional manufacturing techniques to facilitate," Lee said. "But microfabrication allows batch processing or even more scalable roll-to-roll fabrication, in which we have the design freedom to create any type of electrode design with high resolution to improve their functionality."
Lee's lab experimented with other shapes that could better inject charge with electrode size limitations. The fractal shape outperformed conventional shapes and the "serpentine," or snake-like shape, even though it has a similar perimeter to surface area ratio as fractal. This could be because the repeating patterns of the fractal design better facilitate the continuous diffusion of charge transfer species, or reactants, to the platinum electrode surface.
"When you have a lot more diffusion of species to the surface, it allows for faster Faradaic charge transfer from the electrode surface," Lee said. The charge then reaches a threshold on neurons to trigger an action potential, or electrochemical signal, to stimulate a target.
Because fractal designs also feature lower impedance than conventional electrodes, they could allow more charge to be injected onto an electrode surface over time and extend the life span of neurostimulation devices. "If you have less load, meaning it takes less energy to get the same effect, then the fixed battery life of implantable stimulation devices is going to be improved," Lee said.
The next step is to test the robustness and longevity of fractal designed-electrodes in comparison to conventional shapes. Lee's lab is also looking into using the fractal design for improving sensitivity in devices such as biosensors. "The goal would be better control of stimulation over targeted areas and more pinpointed therapy," Lee said.
###
ABSTRACT
Electrochemical evaluations of fractal microelectrodes for energy efficient neurostimulation
Hyunsu Park1, Pavel Takmakov2, Hyowon Lee1
1Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN, USA
2White Oak Federal Research Center, Silver Spring, MD, USA
doi: 10.1038/s41598-018-22545-w
Advancements in microfabrication has enabled manufacturing of microscopic neurostimulation electrodes with smaller footprint than ever possible. The smaller electrodes can potentially reduce tissue damage and allow better spatial resolution for neural stimulation. Although electrodes of any shape can easily be fabricated, substantial effort have been focused on identification and characterization of new materials and surface morphology for efficient charge injection, while maintaining simple circular or rectangular Euclidean electrode geometries. In this work we provide a systematic electrochemical evaluation of charge injection capacities of serpentine and fractal-shaped platinum microelectrodes and compare their performance with traditional circular microelectrodes. Our findings indicate that the increase in electrode perimeter leads to an increase in maximum charge injection capacity. Furthermore, we found that the electrode geometry can have even more significant impact on electrode performance than having a larger perimeter for a given surface area. The fractal shaped microelectrodes, despite having smaller perimeter than other designs, demonstrated superior charge injection capacity. Our results suggest that electrode design can significantly affect both Faradaic and non-Faradaic electrochemical processes, which may be optimized to enable a more energy efficient design for neurostimulation.
Soon after the raid of Michael Cohen's office, home, and hotel room, I suggested that Attorney General Sessions now has a role in Trump-related DOJ investigations. This was my analysis:
[Sessions] recused himself from “any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President of the United States.” This covers the payment made by Cohen to Stormy Daniels during the campaign, even though Sessions almost certainly had no involvement in, or knowledge, of that payment. But the recusal may not extend to other matters as to which the SDNY U.S. Attorney might be investigating Cohen. Indeed, Mueller himself concluded that these matters, whatever they are, fall outside the scope of his Russia-campaign investigation. This suggests that any non-Stormy matters for which Cohen is being targeted do, indeed, fall outside of Sessions' recusal. If so, Sessions can involve himself.
Sessions apparently agrees. According to this report from Bloomberg, he has decided against recusing himself from the investigation into Michael Cohen, but will consider stepping back from specific questions tied to the probe.
The Bloomberg report implies that Sessions' decision is motivated by the displeasure President Trump has expressed over the attorney general's recusal from the Russia investigation. It ignores the fact that that decision does not entail a full recusal from the Cohen investigation. Nor does the Bloomberg report offer any reason why Sessions should fully recuse himself in this instance.
In fact, Sessions should not recuse himself. It's his job to oversee, at least nominally, all criminal investigations conducted by the Department of Justice. There's an exception for investigations that pertain to him, such as an investigation of Russian influence in a political campaign in which he served and in which he had contacts (albeit slight) with the Russian ambassador.
But that exception apparently doesn't apply to much (or maybe any) of the investigation of Cohen. Thus, the premise of any claim that Sessions should fully recuse himself from this investigation appears to be that Sessions works for Trump and used to be his friend. However, the attorney general always works for the president, and presidents frequently appoint friends to the post (e.g., President Obama and Eric Holder; President Kennedy and his brother Robert, etc).
The real premise of an argument for recusal is that normal rules don't apply to this president and his appointees — that they are not entitled to exercise the full power of their offices. Indeed, this is the premise of much of what the Resistance argues, including to the Supreme Court in the travel ban case.
It's a profoundly anti-democratic argument — the kind one has come to expect from the modern American left.
PITTSBURGH (AP) - The Pittsburgh Steelers are ditching their "bumble bee" throwback uniforms for something with a more 1970s feel.
The team announced Wednesday it will wear replica jerseys of the 1978 and 1979 clubs that won back-to-back Super Bowls when the Steelers host the Cleveland Browns on Oct. 28. Team president Art Rooney II said the choice of using the '78-79 jersey was fitting. The franchise will spend the next two seasons honoring the 40th anniversary of the teams that pushed Pittsburgh's Super Bowl total during the 1970s to four.
The move means the Steelers are ending the use of their 1933 throwbacks that featured black-and-gold horizontal stripes that made the team resemble a pack of bees.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Who is Rachel Zane (and why should you care)?
Well, where to begin? She's smart, ambitious, loyal, kind. She's bi-racial, also beautiful, resplendently attired (always). She works endless hours. She wanted to go to Harvard, never got in (long story). She's a paralegal, or was. Her father is a powerful attorney. She always wanted his respect. Daddy always considered her his “little girl”.
She loves Mike Ross, and Mike Ross loves her.
Viewers? Them, too, because Rachel, above all else, is loveable.
Fans of long-running legal drama Suits know Rachel well, of course. This little primer, however, isn't for them but for the vast majority of viewers who have no idea who she is but do know the actress who plays her.
After all, Meghan Markle is now one of the most famous women in the world.
But in the unending crush of news coverage on the fiancee of Prince Harry, one little piece of her fascinating puzzle has been lost in the scrum. That would be Rachel.
In fact, Rachel made Markle famous before she was famous. Like any professional actor in Hollywood, Markle, 36, had a couple of dozen bit roles over the years, including as a so-called Golden Briefcase Girl on the US game show Deal or No Deal. Then along came Suits, which launched in the summer of 2011 and quickly become one of cable TV's biggest hits.
As fans also know, Suits is only superficially a “legal” drama, because just below that roiling, jargon-strewn surface, a dysfunctional family drama — metaphorically speaking — unfolds.
If you were to consider each core cast person was a member of a real family, this might be the pecking order: Partner and a founder of law firm Pearson Specter Litt, Jessica Pearson (Gina Torres), is the mother figure.
Her partner, Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht), is the father one — loyal to Jessica, but also rebellious, wayward, wilful and on occasion wanton. He chafes at her control, but would probably be lost without it.
Then there are the “kids”, so to speak. Mike (Patrick J. Adams) is Harvey's protege and wonder boy attorney whose deception — that he never went to law school, or specifically to Harvard — was a core plot point for most of the series' run. He could be considered the oldest son.
COO of the firm, Donna Paulsen (Sarah Rafferty), is responsible, tough, reasonable. You might consider her the middle child. Then, there's Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman). Dear, nutty Louis — the kid bro who's constantly yammering for attention.
Finally, Rachel. She's the “baby”, beloved by all but patronised by all, too.
Fans may disagree, but the first two seasons of Suits were its high watermark. That's when this show was one of the most sharply drawn and best-acted series on television.
That was also before Mike and Rachel were romantically involved, before the other characters were actually nice. In the early days, in fact, they were a slimy pack of arrogant legal beagles who would steal from each other if given the chance.
All except Rachel.
For that reason, Markle's Rachel Zane has long been the most important character on Suits because she is — or back then was — the proxy for the average viewer.
Her passion, idealism, honesty, and also her insecurity, disappointments and aloneness, made her human, above all relatable.
And so, farewell dear, loveable Rachel. Markle will leave the show by the end of the seventh season, which returns to screen next week, and it's hard to imagine how Suits can go on without her.
Suits airs on March 29 at 5.30pm on Foxtel's Universal channel.
Newsday/TNS
There are many ways to celebrate the nation's 150th birthday.
Seeing an outstanding Canadian film at the Film House is an opportunity to participate in a one-day only cross-Canada event, National Canadian Film Day 150, sponsored by Reel Canada, a non-profit organization dedicated to celebrating Canadian cinema.
Wednesday's screening of Angry Inuk at the Film House is free.
Co-produced by writer-director Alethea Arnaquq-Baril's Unikkaat Studios and the National Film Board of Canada, Angry Inuk is an intimate documentary on the Nunavut coastal territory that few people have experienced — certainly not the wealthy anti-hunt celebrities, including Paul McCartney who descended on Newfoundland to pose with cute white seal pups. Toy pups are used as propaganda tools to this day.
In her narration, Inuit director Arnaquq-Baril explains, “We call ourselves the people of the seal. Almost all Inuit communities are coastal and our staple food is seal.”
Her documentary point-of-view is an insider's perspective of a people who hunt grey seals for food and clothing made from the skins, and making a living by designing, crafting and marketing designs for an international market.
Aaju Peter, an Inuit lawyer turned activist and designer of seal skin fashions, and recipient of the Order of Canada, remarks: “For us, a warm coat is not a luxury … it is necessary to survival and protection if a hunter falls into the water.”
Don't confuse the people of the seal with a capitalist economy. By using every part of the animal, the director's coastal Inuit community is self-sustaining and politically and economically accountable. This is their counter-argument to wealthy animal-rights lobbyists and politicians of the European Union who have never visited the Canadian Arctic, but, in ignorance, attach themselves to bans on seal hunts and import (2009) of all seal products. Period.
The potential environmental disaster accruing from big-mining projects hangs over the resource-rich Arctic landscape and the director's community as a major threat, not an alternative.
Beautifully filmed, and narrated by the director in a calm knowing voice, the unique Arctic landscape appears stunningly beautiful, almost pastoral at moments of calm weather. Inside a home where women prepare seal meat and sew skins, a kitchen wall plaque summarizes their social awareness and distance from the norms of western culture: “Martha Stewart doesn't live here.”
Arnaquq-Baril structures her documentary as cyclical journey, from a man teaching his young grandson the skills of the hunt, to the 13-year-old on his own, now a master hunter.
She calls herself an urban Inuit, educated in the south, but making her films in the land of her birth, about her people. She refers to anti-sealing protests of the 1970s and 1980s as “our great Depression”: “I grew up in the aftermath” (suicides from hunger and stress).
Some 25 years later, her films are both personal passion projects and representations of a quiet revolution through harnessing collective Inuit voices. On the annual International Day of Protest, Inuit university students studying in Ottawa demonstrate dances and throat singing to gathering crowds in downtown Toronto.
In a powerful scene in Stockholm for EU officers, activist-designer Aaju Peter literally walks about an image projection of a global map, like a tour guide tracing the geography of her frozen homeland.
In an interview, Arnaquq-Baril notes, “A lot of my work has been about de-shaming,” overturning the stigma wrought upon the Inuit by outsiders, including the impact of the 2016 Oscar night group selfie of Hollywood stars, an image Ellen DeGeneres used to raise millions for her pet project against cruelty to animals.
Refuting such sly moves, Angry Inuk has received numerous awards for its cinematic richness and truth-telling.
The Film House
FirstOntario Performing Arts Centre, 250 St. Paul St,, St. Catharines, 905-688-0722
Listings for April 19 to 24
Angry Inuk: (free screening) Wednesday 8 p.m.
Weirdos: Thursday 8 p.m.
XX: Friday 9:30 p.m., Sunday 7 p.m.
Operation Avalanche: Friday 7 p.m., Saturday 7 p.m., Sunday 4 p.m.
Winged Migration: Saturday 4 p.m.
Koyaanisqatsi: Saturday 9:30 p.m.
Slapshot: Monday 8 p.m.
Admission: $7 members, $9 general
For tickets and more information, visit FirstOntarioPAC.ca
A research team of Seoul National University (Co-senior authors: Professor Yongtaek Hong, Jaeha Kim, and Kyu-Jin Cho) has developed a skin-like electronic system that is soft, thin, lightweight and can wirelessly activate soft robots through a simple lamination process.
They developed an electronic skin (e-skin) pair as a two-part, wireless soft driving system based on a fully printable "stretchable hybrid electronics" approach. One part is the e-skin for input sensing at a human side, and the other for activating soft robots. The e-skins are soft (same material for the target robot body), thin (<1 mm), and lightweight (~0.8 g) and also feature the spatially fragmented circuit configuration with a slew of miniature IC components (standard dimension, <1.5 mm × 1.5 mm). Therefore, they can be stretched and conformed onto the dynamic surface like human skin or soft robots.
The electronic functionality of this system is "wireless inter-skin communication". The e-skin pair can perform wireless communication of the four-state control signal at a distance of more than 5 m, and the embedded encoding mechanism makes the inter-skin communication noise-tolerant.
The proposed e-skins can be softly, compactly, and reversibly assembled into soft robot frames to activate muscle-like soft actuators without interfering with their soft motions. Benefits of this e-skin-mediated soft robotic assembly include coadaptive movement that helps the robot pass through and/or operate in highly confined spaces, whose cross-section is even smaller than the robot size. Furthermore, the proposed e-skin pair and corresponding wireless inter-skin communication concept can wirelessly activate multiple types of soft robots through reversible assembly of the e-skins.
The researchers said, "Soft robots have great advantages in organically integrating every robot components without rigid boundaries, but current soft robotic designs still rely on rigid components mostly in driving parts. This e-skin opens a new avenue for soft robotic assembly. It is soft, thin, and light enough for a robot not to be perceptible, but it can activate the robot as 'a driving skin'."
The research will be published in the 18th issue of Science Robotics on May 30, 2018.
###
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
Posted by: Rachael Perry
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — Rhode Island's health insurance exchange saw a nearly 5 percent increase in enrollment this year.
HealthSource RI says on Monday that 30,637 people enrolled and paid for 2018 coverage, up from 29,224 last year.
More than 8,000 of those customers were new to the exchange, and 35 percent of those were ages 18 to 34, the age range that includes typically healthier people who use less medical services. HealthSource RI Director Zachary Sherman says that helps the stability of the market.
The marketplace adopted higher rates this year because the Trump administration ended cost-sharing subsidies to insurers.
But it says the increase will be offset by tax credits for many customers after the exchange and state insurance officials took steps to increase financial assistance for Rhode Islanders by 46 percent.
©WLNE-TV/ABC6 2018
By now we pretty much have a good idea about Samsung's upcoming flagship the Galaxy S8. There have been several rumors and leaks till date and it has significantly portrayed the smartphone's features and specifications.
While this has been the case, a new report again highlights fresh and what it looks to be final renders of the Galaxy S8. The new renders of the Galaxy S8 do show off how Samsung's next flagship smartphone has been designed.
Besides, the renders have been provided by a product designer who goes by the Instagram handle DesignWoos.
SEE ALSO: Official support page for Samsung Galaxy S8+ goes live on Indian website
The new renders seem to be based on the CAD schematics that were leaked last week and they pretty much confirm all of the rumors that we've heard so far about the Galaxy S8′s design.
However, the renders reveal that there's no home button and that both the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus will be featuring dual-edge curved displays. On further observing the images, it looks like the fingerprint sensor is positioned on the back alongside the camera and the 3.5mm headphone jack is present. The new renders also look very similar to the purported live photo of the handset that was leaked earlier.
SEE ALSO: Samsung Galaxy S8 to come in 5.8-inch and 6.2-inch display variants
Additionally, the renders also show off a black, deep red, blue, green, and dark grey color variant of the smartphone. Samsung is expected to launch the Galaxy S8 on March 29.
Source
NEW YORK (AP) - Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is warning the Trump administration that pulling out from the Iran nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises.
He tells The Associated Press that if President Donald Trump withdraws, Iran would "most likely" abandon the deal as well. Zarif says Iran would no longer be bound by the deal's international obligations. That would free up Iran to resume enrichment activity beyond the limits imposed by the 2015 nuclear accord.
In an interview, Zarif says Iran would welcome reduced tensions on the Korean Peninsula. But he says Trump is showing that the U.S. "is not a trustworthy, reliable negotiating partner." Zarif says that makes the U.S. "a rather unlikely partner" for any other global agreements.
DIY opera: Philly composer's interactive choose-your-own-aria is a new twist on the old art form
DIY opera: Philly composer's interactive choose-your-own-aria is a new twist on the old art form May 24
The plays and musicals to see in Philadelphia this summer: Aladdin, PA Shakespeare, more
The plays and musicals to see in Philadelphia this summer: Aladdin, PA Shakespeare, more May 30
John Timpane is the books/fine arts editor/writer for the Inquirer. His beat includes books, social media, dance, theater, art, museums, and classical music. From 1997 to 2008 he was the Commentary page editor.
Michael James Scott as the Genie in “Aladdin,” June 13-July 1 at the Academy of Music.
The surge in the popularity of musicals has transformed the summer theatrical landscape. Everything from Aladdin to 42nd Street to Hedwig and the Angry Inch is holding forth across the region, along with world premieres such as Big Red Sun.
There's lots of non-singing theater, too: summer Shakespeare, the powerful Skeleton Crew by Dominique Morisseau, Arsenic and Old Lace down the Shore, the Philadlephia Women's Theatre Festival, and the PlayPenn readings in town. Here's what's up on area stages.
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum (June 10-July 1, Matthews Acting Studio). The Princeton Festival features this broad musical comedy, in which wily slave Pseudolus and a bunch of Romans roam the streets of Rome. (609-258-2787, princetonfestival.org)
Aladdin (June 13-July 1, Academy of Music). If a genie could give you three wishes, one might be to see this colorful production, with tunes and laughs for all ages. (215-893-1999, kimmelcenter.org)
Nice Work If You Can Get It (June 13-24, Surflight Theatre, Beach Haven). The Surflight is having a 2018 season even more packed than last year's reopening lineup. Following Nice Work are Jesus Christ Superstar (June 26-July 15), The Wedding Singer (July 17-Aug. 5), Saturday Night Fever (Aug. 7-26), and Bright Star (Aug. 28-Sept. 9). (609-492-9477, surflight.org)
Skeleton Crew (June 13-July 15, People's Light, Malvern). autoworkers fight for survival as the manufacturing sector fades. Written by Dominique Morisseau, one of the country's most sought-after playwrights. (610-644-3500, peopleslight.org)
Disney's Newsies (through June 16, Axelrod Performing Arts Center). This community theater in Deal Park, N.J., just five minutes from Asbury Park, also has Disney's High School Musical on tap (July 29-Aug. 5) (732-531-9106, axelrodartscenter.com). The summer 2018 lineup at other community theaters on or near the beach includes Pippin (July 26-28) and Oliver! (Aug. 24-26), presented by the Gang Players at Barnegat High School in Barnegat (609-597-0553, ourgang.org). In the OC, the Ocean City Theatre Company presents A Chorus Line (July 10-13) and Disney's Beauty and the Beast (Aug. 7-10), both with the Ocean City Pops Orchestra. (609-398-1118, oceancitytheatrecompany.com)
Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival (June 13-Aug. 5, DeSales University, Center Valley). A diverse, imaginative summer begins with the musical Ragtime (June 13-July 1) and then Twelfth Night (June 21-July 15). Family theater includes Alice in Wonderland (through Aug. 4) and Shakespeare for Kids (July 25-Aug. 4). The stage version of Tom Stoppard's Shakespeare in Love (July 11-Aug. 5) and the noble Richard II (July 19-Aug. 5) will run in repertory performed by the same cast, and Bardolators can also look forward to All's Well That Ends Well (July 19-Aug. 5). (610-282-9455, pashakespeare.org)
SolowFest 2018. (June 14-24, various locations). Forty experimental works all over Philadelphia focusing on solo performance, from “walking sculptures” to dance to short plays. (solowfest.com)
Big Red Sun (through June 17, 11th Hour Theatre Company). World premiere of this musical about a young man traveling the land, searching for the truth about his father and himself. (267-987-9865, 11thhourtheatrecompany.org)
Fun Home (through June 17, Arden Theatre Company). Musical adaptation of Alison Bechdel's autobiographical novel about family, identity, and secrets that change everything. (215-922-1122, ardentheatre.org)
Soul Harmony (June 20-July 1, Uptown! Knauer PAC, West Chester). Musical saga of R&B and rock-and-roll pioneer singing group the Orioles. (610-356-2787, uptownwestchester.org)
At Wit's End (through June 22, Cape May Stage). Erma Bombeck opens the company's usual summer, followed by Neil Simon's Chapter Two (June 27-Aug. 3), and James Goldman's Lion in Winter (Aug. 8-Sept. 14). (609-770-8311, capemaystage.org). Also in Cape May, the East Lynne Theatre Company's summer plays celebrate women, with On the Sunny Side of the Street (June 13-July 21) and Arsenic and Old Lace (July 25-Sept. 1). (609-584-8598, eastlynnetheater.org). Elaine's offers dinner theater, starting with Zombie Beach Party (through mid-July) (609-884-1199, elainescapemay.com). And at the Aerodrome at the Cape May Airport terminal building, playwright/businessman Bill Sterritt presents Calliope Rose – A Mythological Comedy (July 15-Aug. 21). (323-793-2153, aerodromenj@aol.com)
Don't Dress for Dinner (through June 24, Lantern Theatre Company). Marc Camoletti is having a renaissance around here, and this bedroom/kitchen/living room farce is among his naughtiest. (215-829-0395, lanterntheater.org)
Hedwig and the Angry Inch (through June 24, reTheater/Ruba Club). Braden Chapman of RuPaul's Drag Race stars in this 20th anniversary performance at the NoLibs ballroom theater. (retheater.org)
Maria Marten, or The Murder in the Red Barn (through June 24, Philadelphia Artists Collective). A wild melodrama in the Victorian style. Love, revenge, murder, a villain to boo and hiss. (philartistscollective.org)
Red Bike (through June 24, Simpatico Theatre). A bicycle, an accident, and a changed point of view. Among other reasons to see Red Bike: It's Philly-born playwright Caridad Svich's first full production in her hometown. (267-437-7529, simpaticotheatre.org)
Camelot (through June 24, Act II Playhouse, Ambler). The Lerner and Loewe classic has now had its run extended. Act II's summer slate then continues with Tuesdays with Morrie (July 10-29). (215-654-0200, act2.org)
Chicago (June 29-July 22, Broadway Theatre of Pitman). This satire on 1920s crime and corruption keeps enjoying its ninth, 10th, and 11th lives. (856-389-2057, thebroadwaytheatre.org)
42nd Street (June 29-Aug. 4, Bucks County Playhouse, New Hope). We forget that when brave Peggy Sawyer steps off the bus in Manhattan hoping for a Broadway life, that bus is direct from Allentown! This popular musical is a hymn to the great Dubin and Warren songbook. With plenty of hoofing. (215-862-2121, bcptheater.org)
The Last Five Years (through July 1, Eagle Theatre, Hammonton). Edgy musical in which a man and woman fall in and out of love. She tells her story backward, he forward. (609-704-5012, eagletheatre.org)
Last of the Red Hot Lovers (through July 1, Montgomery Theatre, Souderton). Neil Simon's paean to failed adventures in adultery. (215-723-9984, montgomerytheater.org)
On the Exhalation (July 12-28, Theater with a View, Sycamore Hill, Pottstown). Martín Zimmerman's tale of a woman facing the specter (and the political issue) of gun violence – and how we're all involved. Outdoors on summer nights in beautiful surroundings. (484-925-1547, theaterwithaview.com)
Much Ado About Nothing (July 13-29, Delaware Shakespeare Festival, Rockwood Park, Wilmington). Beatrice and Benedict run after and away from each other in this classic romp. Directed by Barrymore-winner Bi Jean Ngo. (302-415-3373, delshakes.org)
PlayPenn readings (July 17-19 and July 23-29, the Drake). Six playwrights, selected from hundreds of applicants nationwide, will sweat over their scripts at PlayPenn all summer. Why not see some free readings of their work? (215-242-2813, playpenn.org)
Broadway by Request (July 21-28, Gateway Playhouse, Somers Point). The Gateway fills its summer season with old and new. Following the Broadway showcase are Lovely, A Musical Comedy (Aug. 9-12); and Make Room for Vicky (Sept. 7-9). (609-653-0553, gatewaybythebay.org)
Mamma Mia! (through July 22, Walnut Street Theatre). ABBA's quest for world domination continues — and the rest of us will sing and dance along! (215-574-3550, walnutstreettheatre.org).
Philadelphia Women's Theatre Festival (Aug. 1-5, Music Theatre Philly). Five world-premiere plays by women. This year's theme: mothers. (phillywomenstheatrefest.org)
Now that the Trump administration has ordered agencies to renew their buy-American practices and policies, my response is, fine, just go into it with your eyes open.
“Buy-American” might have a nice ring, and sure enough Congress has passed a series of laws going back more than a century to make sure federal buying power mainly helps American companies and employees. Buy-American is long enshrined in procurement law and regulation. As it should be.
The amount of goods for which Buy-American would apply is shrinking as a percentage of federal expenditures. Just the other day, the Government Accountability Office did a survey of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) vehicles. Two-thirds of what agencies spend in these popular deals go for services, not goods. That's true for the Defense Department no less than for civilian agencies.
Still, the government does buy a lot of what you can see and touch. Cars and trucks, computers, Tomahawk missiles, uniforms of every description, airline tickets — a couple of hundred billion dollars a year, anyhow.
Advertisement
You can back out items like those Tomahawk missiles. They're made by Raytheon in the U.S. There's a service component to them — they have a finite lifespan before they require decommissioning. Because of what it knows exclusively about building them, Raytheon also gets the work to take them apart when the time comes. Who knows, maybe the 59 Tomahawks the U.S. fired at Syria were on the stale side, so what the heck. Yet, even guided missiles and the latest fighters have some international content. Back in 2014, Reuters reported the F-35 Join Strike Fighter had a few Chinese magnets here and there. Congress was alerted to the possibility of some non-U.S. sourced alloys used by subcontractors.
But what does it mean to “buy American” when it comes to, say, cars and computers? Cars might be assembled here, but the parts come from all over. My wife has a Subaru, from Fuji Heavy Industries. It was assembled in Lafayette, Indiana. My neighbor's kid is the proud owner of a Jeep Renegade. What could be more hot-dog-and-Bud-long-neck than that? It's assembled in Melfi, Italy.
Does anyone need reminding of the thoroughly international content of PCs, smartphones, network switching equipment? The first hit on a search, “Where are iPhones made?” turns up this Quora listing. The answer: On three continents.
My favorite writing instrument is the Dixon Ticonderoga #2 pencil, or equivalent as they say in solicitations. To aficionados, not all #2 pencils are equal. Many an essay has covered the pencil as a perfect example of the complexity of manufacturing and how things come to exist. A pencil represents the combination of wood, metal ferrule, yellow paint, graphite lead and rubber eraser — each of which is itself the result of a worldwide supply chain of mining, harvesting and processing. Alas, the Dixon Ticonderoga, product of a company founded in 1795, is made everywhere but in the United State. In fact, the company itself is a subsidiary of an Italian company called F.I.L.A. Group.
By all means the government should pursue buy American. I support the policy. But the government must pursue it with a dose of realism because manufacturing is a totally international function. If the executive order, which the president was to sign Tuesday, goes deep into product content, “Buy-American” won't be possible.
Posted 1 day ago
As Christians world over celebrate Easter in different ways, 7 men in Kajiado treated their wives to a surprise wedding. They walked their wives down the
Fairfax, Virginia (webnewswire) July 4, 2018 – The Fairfax benefits consultants at Business Benefits Group recently published a comprehensive guide to group stop loss captives and self funding insurance. Through self funding insurance, employers cover the claims expenses of each individual employee up to a defined limit per person. In a group stop loss captive, a chosen insurance provider covers expenses over that limit, protecting the company from unforeseen expenses.
Employers who use traditional insurance plans can run into a variety of issues. They may be paying higher insurance fees and taxes than necessary. It may also be difficult to understand these plans, making strategic insurance decisions more complicated. Traditional plans are also limited in the options employees have when selecting their coverage options and care providers. These limiting factors may make self funding insurance a more attractive option for businesses that desire more flexibility in their insurance plans.
Self funding insurance can provide companies with more savings and flexibility than more traditional options. Employers can budget their funds in more ways, and they can also add a leased carrier network to their plan to provide themselves with an extra layer of financial protection. Other benefits of using self funding insurance include lower taxes, increased cash flow, and more easily-understood regulations than those regulating fully funded plans. There are also significant benefits for employees who work for a company that uses self funding insurance plans. Certain plans, for example, allow employees to skip traditional PPO coverage plans, giving them more options when it comes to choosing medical care providers.
The Business Benefits Group consist of Fairfax benefits consultants that can help employers determine what type of self funding plan may be right for them. BBG offers a variety of benefits services, such as plan comparisons, benefits administration technology, benchmarking analysis, custom open enrollment communication, pre-renewal planning, custom benefits packages, and more.
Call a professional benefits consultant to get more information about group stop loss captives and self funding insurance. BBG can be contacted at 844-201-3621 or online at https://www.bbgbroker.com/. The agency is headquartered at 4069 Chain Bridge Road, Top Floor, Fairfax, VA 22030 and serves businesses within the Fairfax area.
###
JONNY BAIRSTOW is confident England can finally put all the off-pitch distractions behind them in order to hit back against Australia and go on to retain The Ashes.
The current tour Down Under seems to have created as much media interest for what has gone on off the pitch as on it, as Yorkshire's Bairstow knows only too well to his cost.
As if the furore over his ‘headbutt' on Cameron Bancroft in Perth before the Test series had not been enough, the weekend's revelations concerning Lions tour party member Ben Duckett pouring a drink over James Anderson's head gave the collective press, TV and internet media plenty more material to chew over ahead of this week's third and, possibly, deciding Test in Perth.
Duckett, 23, has since been suspended for the remainder of the England Lions tour of Australia and received a final written warning over his conduct.
But, coming on top of Bairstow's bizarre ‘coming together' with Bancroft in a Perth bar and the much-publicised pre-tour incident in Bristol concerning all-rounder and vice-captain Ben Stokes – currently keeping his eye in playing some 40-over cricket over in New Zealand – it has led to an unprecedented level of scrutiny on what England's players do once off the field of play.
Bairstow admits it has been difficult to avoid all the negative publicity over the past few weeks – of which he has formed a central part – but believes only by getting their game right out in the middle can England start to create headlines and take up air time for the right reasons.
HAVE WE MET BEFORE? Jonny Bairstow and Cameron Bancroft out in the middle during the first Test in Brisbane. Picture: Jason O'Brien/PA Wire.
“There's been a lot of stuff spoken about since we've been over here,” said Bairstow, speaking ahead of the third Test at the WACA, which starts on Thursday. “We knew it was going to be tough coming to Australia, the cricket is always going to be tough.
“But that's what we can control and we need to control more of that. I'm sure you can imagine what the toughest part of the tour has been. Naturally, it's been everywhere and all that anyone has been talking about – whether it's right or wrong, true or false. It is what people have been talking about.
“But we need to just put all that to the back of our minds when we get on the pitch – go out there and try and do something special.”
At 2-0 down and with three Tests to play heading to a venue that has brought only one win in 13 matches for England – even then against an Australian side severely depleted after the exodus to Kerry Packer's controversial World Series – it does not augur particularly well for Joe Root's side.
Yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right. Yorkshire and England's Jonny Bairstow
But Bairstow is having none of it and is almost boastful in his belief that England can hit back from defeats in Brisbane and Adelaide to square the series.
“As a group, there's no way we see this series as being over,” said Bairstow. “We've lost two games, but we've been in both of them for decent periods of time. We just need to do what we've been doing for longer and do it in the key periods of the games where we've come unstuck.
“So, yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right.”
One reason Bairstow appears so confident that England can turn things around over the next three weeks or so lies in his faith in Yorkshire team-mate and England captain Root.
Still a relative rookie when it comes to international captaincy, the Sheffield-born batsman has impressed since taking over the reins from Alastair Cook earlier this year. Naturally, in the more intense heat of an Ashes battle. his tactics and decision-making were always going to come under a bigger spotlight in Australia.
For example, some have queried Root's decision to field first in Adelaide after winning the toss, with some critics suggesting he had handed a significant advantage to the hosts at a ground where many observers felt the conditions favoured England more.
Ultimately, Root's players were left dispirited by a second heavy defeat, the 120-run loss coming hot on the heels of a 10-wicket pounding in Brisbane. But while there may be critics outside the dressing room, Bairstow revealed that Root has the total backing of his players.
“I think Joe's captaincy has been brilliant – there aren't many things that you can fault with what he's done,” added Bairstow.
“He's still learning as a captain, but if you're captain of England you're going to be learning for a while.”
Yorkshire Tea are sponsors of National Cricket Week, working in partnership with the Chance to Shine programme, which works with 1,500 schools across the UK aiming to encourage youngsters to take up cricket.
An Italian man, who reportedly ran unsuccessfully as an anti-immigrant candidate in a local election last year, wounded several foreigners in the central city of Macerata during a drive-by shooting on Saturday, according to police.
The suspect was identified as 28-year-old Luca Traini, according to multiple Italian media reports, citing police.
Sky TG24 reports the rampage lasted for at least an hour as the suspect began firing shots from his car before noon targeting people of color throughout the city and wounding six people all from Africa.
The mayor said the victims were five men and one woman and at least one person was in serious condition.
The shootings sparked widespread fear as police warned people to stay indoors and the mayor issued a curfew.
It only came to an end once the black Alfa Romeo was blocked, at which point the driver got out donning the Italian flag, made a fascist salute and submitted himself to police without resisting arrest, reports the Ansa news agency.
Police say Traini had no previous arrest record.
Italian media report Traini made a failed bid last year in administrative elections in the nearby city of Corridonia with the anti-immigrant Northern League party.
The ruling center-left Democratic Party said Traini also fired shots at one of their offices in Macerata on Saturday, reports Reuters.
Matteo Salvini, who heads the Northern League party, tweeted on Saturday, "Violence is never the solution, violence is always to be condemned. And whoever is wrong, must pay." He went on to say, "Immigration out of control leads to chaos, anger, social conflict. Immigration out of control leads to drug dealing, theft, robbery and violence."
The drive-by shooting comes during a tense time in Macerata after a Nigerian asylum seeker was accused in the murder of an 18-year-old woman whose dismembered body was found on Wednesday.
Northern League leader Salvini said the center-left government was responsible for her death for letting migrants stay in the country, reports Reuters. He posted to Facebook earlier this week of the Nigerian suspect, "What was this worm still doing in Italy?"
Christopher Livesay has reported for NPR that a recent surge in migrants to Italy has fueled right-wing anger over jobs and other benefits.
TUPPERS PLAINS, Ohio — Talk about letting out a little frustration.
Fresh of its first loss of the season the Eastern softball team rolled to a 28-2 victory over Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division guest Trimble, on Monday evening at Don Jackson Field in Meigs County.
In the opening inning, Eastern (9-1, 8-0 TVC Hocking) scored three runs on the strength of three hits and two walks. Trimble (0-7, 0-5) got one run back in the top of the second frame, but the Lady Eagles broke the game wide open in the bottom of the inning.
In the home half of the second, Eastern added 14 runs onto its advantage, combining nine hits with four walks and one error. The inning was highlighted by a two-run home run by Taylynn Rockhold, who had already driven in two runs on a double in the first inning.
The Lady Eagles pushed their lead to 23-1 by the end of the third, as they scored six runs on five hits and four free passes in the inning.
The Lady Tomcats scored once in the top of the fourth, but Eastern scored the game's final five runs on two hits, five free passes and an error in the bottom of the fourth.
Elaina Hensley was the winning pitcher of record for the hosts, surrendering one unearned run, three hits, and a base on balls, while hitting one batter, in three innings of work. Lunsford suffered the loss in the circle for Trimble.
The EHS offense was led by Rockhold and Emmalea Durst, both of whom were a perfect 4-for-4 from the plate. Along with her home run, Rockhold doubled twice, scored four times and drove in eight runs. Meanwhile, Durst doubled once, scored four times and drove in three runs.
EHS junior Sidney Cook was 3-for-4 at the plate with a double, four runs scored and one RBI, Courtney Fitzgerald was 2-for-3 with a double and two runs scored and one RBI, while Abbie Hawley was 2-for-3 with a double, one run scored and three RBIs.
EHS senior Katlyn Barber doubled once, scored four times and drove in one run, while Hannah Sharp doubled once, scored once and drove in one run. Cera Grueser singled once, crossed home plate three times and drove in three runs in the win, while Hannah Bailey singled once and scored twice.
Kelsey Casto contributed an RBI to the Lady Eagle cause, while Ally Barber scored twice and Alexus Metheney scored once.
Spears and Ward both had two hits to lead the Lady Tomcats, with Williams and Brown both scoring once.
Eastern committed three errors and left six runners on base, while Trimble had two errors and seven runners stranded.
These teams are scheduled to meet again on Thursday, in Glouster.
After visiting Federal Hocking on Tuesday, the Lady Eagles return to Don Jackson Field on Wednesday at 4:30, when they host Wahama.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Eastern senior Taylynn Rockhold blasts a home run during the second inning of the Lady Eagles' 28-2 victory over Trimble, on Monday in Tuppers Plains. http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-EHS-Taylynn.jpg Eastern senior Taylynn Rockhold blasts a home run during the second inning of the Lady Eagles' 28-2 victory over Trimble, on Monday in Tuppers Plains. Alex Hawley/OVP Sports EHS senior Abbie Hawley hits a two-run single in the second inning of Eastern's 28-2 victory over Trimble. (Alex Hawley/OVP Sports) http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-wo-EHS-Hawley.jpg EHS senior Abbie Hawley hits a two-run single in the second inning of Eastern's 28-2 victory over Trimble. (Alex Hawley/OVP Sports) Alex Hawley/OVP Sports Eastern's Elaina Hensley earned the pitching victory in Monday night's 28-2 EHS win over Trimble. (Alex Hawley/OVP Sports) http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-wo-EHS-Hensley.jpg Eastern's Elaina Hensley earned the pitching victory in Monday night's 28-2 EHS win over Trimble. (Alex Hawley/OVP Sports) Alex Hawley/OVP Sports Eastern junior Sidney Cook connects for a double in the second inning of the Lady Eagles' 28-2 win over Trimble. (Alex Hawley/OVP Sports) http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-wo-EHS-Cook.jpg Eastern junior Sidney Cook connects for a double in the second inning of the Lady Eagles' 28-2 win over Trimble. (Alex Hawley/OVP Sports) Alex Hawley/OVP Sports
Police say the suspect reportedly missed his target and hit Emilene Villanueva instead
MANILA, Philippines – Police have identified the suspect who shot a 15-year-old girl in Malabon City on the final hour of 2016, Metro Manila's top cop said on Monday, January 2.
Chief Superintendent Oscar Albayalde, chief of the National Capital Region Police Office (NCRPO), said in an interview with radio dzBB that the suspect had aimed for a neighbor but missed his target and instead shot Emilene Villanueva, who is fighting for her life at the Jose Reyes Memorial Medical Center (JRMMC).
Albayalde declined to name the suspect, who reportedly held a grudge against his real target. He said charges were expected to be filed on Monday against the suspect, who was still being tracked down by authorities.
"Ongoing pa rin po ang manhunt operation sa suspek (The manhunt operation against the suspect is ongoing)," said.
Albayalde reiterated that based on the investigation, Villanueva was not a victim of indiscriminate firing as claimed by health officials. From the start, the NCRPO had classified the case as a "shooting incident."
"May witnesses tayo (We have witnesses)," the NCRPO chief said.
Albayalde gave the interview a couple of hours after Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial insisted in an interview with ANC that the girl was a stray bullet victim.
"We still categorize it as stray bullet from indiscriminate firing because the bullet hit the child on the head at the trajectory of a stray bullet, vertical," Ubial said on Monday, adding that a CT scan showed that the bullet entered the top of the girl's head.
The health chief said the Villanueva remains in intensive care at the JRMMC where she had been confined since the first hour of 2017.
"She has very severe brain injury. The bullet cannot be extracted as many of the vital structures of the brain will be affected," she said.
Ubial said the teenager is the eldest of 4 children of a fish vendor. – Rappler.com
BEIJING (AP) — A Chinese aluminum company targeted by protests over pollution fears in a northern Chinese city says its production facilities conform to the highest international environmental standards, but that it hasn't decided whether to proceed with a massive investment in a new plant.
Video footage circulating on social media purportedly from the protest in the northeastern city of Daqing near the border with Russia showed more than 200 people chanting and holding banners outside the city government headquarters. Several dozen police officers stood guard outside the building.
The 46 billion yuan ($6.7 billion) plant proposed by aluminum producer Zhongwang Holdings would create more than 30,000 jobs, according to a government statement about the project forwarded by Zhongwang's media manager, Jiang Qihan.
Zhongwang and the Daqing government agreed to cooperate on the plant in 2011, and it is slated to produce 2 million tons of high precision aluminum and aluminum alloy per year, according to the statement.
In a separate statement, Zhongwang said it was a maker of aluminum products and did not engage in either mining or smelting, the most heavily polluting parts of the production chain.
“Zhongwang is a socially responsible company committed to environmental protection and innovation,” the statement said. “As a mid-stream player, our production complies with international standards,” it said, adding that most of its production facilities were imported from overseas and met “international environmental requirements.”
Since the Daqing project remained in the planning stages, the protests would not affect current operations, the statement said. A decision on whether to proceed with the plant would be made based on an “internal study and other factors,” it said.
Hong Kong-listed Zhongwang describes itself on its website as the “second largest industrial aluminum extrusion product developer and manufacturer in the world and the largest in Asia.” Founded in 1993, it has more than 90 production lines with a total annual production capacity of 1.2 million tons, it said on its website.
Protesters on Tuesday chanted “Boycott Zhongwang; refuse pollution,” according to footage of the demonstration.
A woman who answered the phone at the Daqing police hotline said that residents worried about possible pollution protested in front of the Daqing government building Tuesday morning, and dispersed in the afternoon. She refused to identify herself.
“Everyone in Daqing is against the project,” she said.
A man in the publicity department of the Daqing Public Security Bureau said he had no immediate comment.
Daqing has been hit hard in recent years by the shrinkage of the state industrial sector as the region's oil fields are pumped dry. The surrounding province of Heilongjiang is part of China's rust belt that has seen large population outflows as young people leave for rosier economic opportunities to the south.
Tackling the problem of pollution remains a serious challenge for the Communist Party that erodes its legitimacy among the people.
The Daqing city government said that it attached great importance to economic growth and “even more importance” to the environment and residents' concerns. It said it was paying attention to people's concerns and was inviting national experts to assess the environmental impact of the project. It said it would organize seminars and other discussion forums for residents to express their views.
It added that any “illegal gatherings, defamation, starting rumors and disturbing social order would be dealt with according to the law.”
Alexander Sims feels BMW Team RLL and their M8 GTE are firmly in the mix for good results for the remaining of the 2018 IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship following an impressive second place finish in the Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring on Saturday.
The car, which Sims shared the car with Connor De Phillippi and Bill Auberlen, ended just over six seconds away from the race winning Porsche 911 RSR of Nick Tandy, Patrick Pilet and Frederic Makowiecki, with Sims particularly happy with the ‘fun' battle he had with his fellow Briton Tandy.
Sims admitted that Porsche had too much for BMW in the closing stages when they turned up the wick of their engine, but it was still an encouraging weekend for the team.
“It was very nice to be in the hunt for the win,” said Sims. “The fight with Nick Tandy was fun. Ultimately they turned on the pace a lot in the last stint, so I couldn't catch him really.
“Second place is pretty good. The BMW M8 GTE was working well, BMW Team RLL did a great job. We are in the mix now.”
Co-driver De Phillippi was extremely pleased with his weekend at Sebring, as it not only included the podium but also his first pole position as a BMW driver, and he says the team deserved the result after the problematic start to their life with the M8 GTE.
“This whole weekend has been super memorable for me,” said De Phillippi. “First pole as a BMW works driver, and our first podium position for the new BMW M8 GTE.
“I'm very proud of the guys. They deserve this one. We will celebrate tonight.”
Third driver Auberlen, who will partner Sims and De Phillippi during the North American Endurance Cup races in 2018, was also happy for the team that they were able to show some true pace, especially on the back of their rough start to the year in the Rolex 24 at Daytona.
“You just have to be happy with this result,” said Auberlen. “The BMW M8 GTE ran flawlessly from beginning to end. I'm happy for everyone. The guys worked very hard for it.”
A Russian scientist from Skobelitsyn Research Institute of Nuclear Physics, MSU theoretically substantiated that the speed of transition of thorium-229 from ground to excited state may be managed depending on external conditions. The frequency of transitions may be increased or decreased by dozens of times. This effect will help create extremely precise clocks exceeding even the best atomic ones. The article was published in Physical Review Letters journal.
The most precise modern clocks are atomic ones in which time is registered on the basis of electron transition between energy levels. Recently scientists suggested switching from electron to nuclear transitions that may considerably increase the precision of clocks due to higher frequency. However, in the majority of cases this frequency and corresponding energy are too high for the method to be applied. The main candidate to be used in such clocks is the nucleus of thorium-229. Its low-energy transitions are unique and lead to the emanation of an UV-spectrum photon. The work with nuclei is complicated due to internal conversion that causes the energy released in the course of nuclear transition to be transferred to one of the electrones and not released as a photon. The probability of an electron gaining energy instead of its transition to a photon in a thorium-229 atom is a billion times higher. However, if the atom is placed in a crystal with a wide band gap, the situation changes.
"My idea is that in a crystal electronic sheath may be completely rearranged, allowing us to observe nuclear radiation without conversion," - explained the author of the work Evgeny Tkalya from RINP, MSU.
In his new work he theoretically reviewed the transitions of a thorium-229 nucleus in a crystal with the whole system covered with an isolator, a thin dielectric film, or metal. The author concluded that spontaneous emission can be controlled if the nucleus is placed within such bodies. This phenomenon is well-known for optic electron transitions and is called Purcell effect. Analysis has shown that the cover, depending on its size and properties, may change the transition speed up to 50 times. This process is specifically interested in clocks, as the emission line becomes narrower as well allowing the mechanisms to keep time more accurately.
"This may increase the precision by an order of magnitude compared to thorium-based clocks that do not take this effect into account," - said the scientist. "Using these additional physical phenomena, we may reach relative precision over 10-20."
The main issue that hinders the development of a nuclear clock prototype is the lack of knowledge about transition energy. Currently the inaccuracy of measurements for this value is tenths of electron-volt (eV), and to efficiently excite the nuclei with external radiation, the inaccuracy should be reduced to the level of the exciting laser line width (about 10-5 eV).
The scientist also shared the results of experiments carried out by a group of researchers at MEPhI showing that the radiation can be controlled and proving theoretical provisions of his work.
###
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Virginia set to expand Medicaid after state Senate gives approval, ending yearslong partisan battle.
RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
0:16
JOINT BASE PEARL HARBOR-HICKAM, Hawaii (AP) - In a bow to America's growing connection to India and its expanding security role in the region, the Pentagon is changing the name of the U.S. military's Pacific headquarters to U.S. Indo-Pacific Command.
Under cloudy Pearl Harbor skies, with the USS Arizona Memorial as a backdrop, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis formally announced the name change Wednesday. He spoke during a leadership change ceremony as U.S. Navy Adm. Philip Davidson took over the command from Adm. Harry Harris, who has been nominated to be the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea.
The change is largely symbolic in nature, and carries no fundamental shifts in troops, military missions or other Pentagon activities. Instead, Mattis said, it's a "recognition of the increasing connectivity between the Indian and Pacific oceans."
Mattis said the new defense strategy released last year "acknowledges Pacific challenges and signals America's resolve and lasting commitment to the Indo-Pacific." And he said relationships with Pacific and Indian Ocean allies have been critical to maintaining regional security.
The U.S. and India have been forging stronger security ties for the last several years, with defense secretaries making more frequent visits and conducting talks on sharing technology.
The two sides also share concerns about maritime security in the Indo-Pacific, including worries about China's increasingly aggressive build-up and militarization of manmade islands in the region.
Concerns about China were evident during the ceremony, along with the ongoing negotiations over a possible summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to discuss Pyongyang's nuclear program.
"China continues to improve both the size and the capability of its armed forces, in hopes to supplant the U.S. as the security partner of choice not just in the Indo-Pacific region, but across the globe - and on its own terms," Davidson said as he took over the new command.
Mattis took a subtle swipe at China's "Belt and Road" initiative, which links Beijing's economies to the rest of Asia, the Middle East, Africa and Europe through massive loans and investments.
"The Indo-Pacific has many belts and many roads," said Mattis.
In leaving the command post, Harris laid out the threats across the region. He said North Korea "remains our most imminent threat" and a nuclear-capable Pyongyang is unacceptable.
He added that the U.S. should "cooperate with Beijing where we can" but must stand ready to confront China when necessary.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 16 11 .593 6½ 7-3 W-4 10-4 6-7 11-6 Washington 14 12 .538 8 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 Miami 12 13 .480 9½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 New York 12 13 .480 9½ 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 12 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 15½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 Minnesota 16 11 .593 5½ 6-4 W-2 9-4 7-7 13-5 Denver 14 12 .538 7 5-5 L-1 10-2 4-10 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ 4-6 L-3 5-10 2-10 5-13
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Department store Nordstrom (Seattle) has tapped Paige Thomas as its executive vp and general merchandise manager for men's and kids', according to Fashion Network.
Thomas began at Nordstrom in 2012 after positions with Kohl's, May Co., Federated Department Stores and Fred Meyer Stores. She will replace David Witman who is retiring Feb. 15, who joined Nordstrom in 1987.
Upon joining Nordstrom in 2012 as the company's first evp, general merchandise manager for Nordstrom Rack, Thomas was able to expand Nordstrom Rack to 100 locations, as well as launching its e-commerce offerings and integrating its off-price merchant teams in New York, Los Angeles and Seattle.
David Lennon is an award-winning columnist and author who has been a staff writer at Newsday since 1991.
He was named one of the top 10 columnists in the country by the Associated Press Sports Editors in 2014 and also took first place in that category for New York State that same year.
Lennon began covering baseball for Newsday as the Yankees' beat writer in 1995, the season the Bombers snapped a 14-year playoff drought by becoming the American League's first wild-card team. Two World Series rings later, Lennon left the Yankees' beat after the 1998 season, bounced between the Bronx and Shea for the next three years, then took over on the Mets for the demise of Bobby Valentine in 2002. He became Newsday's national baseball writer in 2012.
Lennon also is a Hall of Fame voter, a former Chairman of the New York Chapter of the Baseball Writers Association of America and co-author of "The Great New York Sports Debate." Show More email twitter
With every failure, Greg Bird couldn't help but cling to the cliches, using the same well-worn sentences employed by every player — young or old — who has found himself flailing at the big-league level. Each new day brought the same questions. Bird mostly gave the same responses, with one central theme.
“I know I can hit,” he said.
No one ever doubted that. But transforming that oft-repeated mantra into boxscore results had been elusive for Bird, right up until the second inning Sunday night, when the Yankees' slumbering first baseman displayed the combustible power generated by two weeks of frustration.
Moments after Aaron Judge was deprived of a home run by an overeager fan reaching his glove over the rightfield wall and knocking the ball onto the grass — the video review ruled interference, sticking him with an RBI triple — Bird put the next pitch halfway to the No. 4 train.
The crowd barely had finished booing the ruling on Judge's hit when Adam Wainwright's 90-mph sinker was met with a loud crack from Bird's bat. True, the short rightfield porch at Yankee Stadium is tailor-made for his dangerous lefty swing, but this booming two-run shot, estimated at 429 feet, would have been a no-doubter in any ballpark.
All of the angst built up by Bird's 0-for-20 slump appeared to be transferred to that swing, which delivered his first home run since Oct. 1, 2015. The relief was almost too much for words.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“How it's supposed to feel,” Bird said, smiling. “Whatever you want to call it.”
He lined a double down the rightfield line in the fourth, walked in the sixth and singled in the eighth. Those four at-bats more than doubled his production in seven previous games and made all of the pregame questions posed to Joe Girardi about keeping him in the lineup seem foolish. The manager never wavered. “If I didn't believe in him,” he said, “I wouldn't put him out there.”
Then again, throwing in the towel on Bird after 11 games didn't make much sense. Not after he won the first baseman's job by batting .451 (23-for-51) with eight home runs and 15 RBIs during spring training. And not after Bird already had proved his mettle at this level by swatting 11 homers and driving in 31 runs in 46 games toward the end of the 2015 season.
What Bird did in Tampa last month seemed to erase any lingering doubts about the surgically repaired labrum in his right shoulder, the devastating injury that cost him the entire 2016 season. But Girardi cited that lost year as a possible cause for Bird's trouble getting up to speed, if only because he had grown tired of making excuses in the past few days. There had been Bird's bruised ankle, caused by his own foul ball, which combined with a stomach bug to sideline him for four consecutive games from April 8-12.
The timing was made even worse by the fact that Gary Sanchez was lost for a month with a strained muscle in his throwing arm and Judge was left to shoulder the load that the three 20-something Yankees were supposed to be sharing.
As Judge kept blasting tape-measure shots, going deep three times in as many games last week, the other topic of conversation swirled around what the heck could be wrong with Bird, who had plunged to .038 (1-for-26) with 13 strikeouts before his breakout performance.
“It helps him relax a little bit,” Girardi said afterward. “He can breathe a little bit. I found my swing and now I can go to work.”
As Girardi also emphasized, Bird's opening skid was magnified because it's April and we're dealing with small sample sizes. The only penalty for Bird has been a steady drop in the batting order. There hasn't been any real threat to his job security, either, because Chris Carter entered the game batting .182 (4-for-22) with zero homers and eight strikeouts.
That also made it preferable to just stay with the kid. On Sunday night, the Yankees sure were glad they did.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A new leader has been named for the Terre Haute Boys and Girls Club.
Scroll for more content...
Effective August 6th, Nate Green will be the organization's new chief executive officer.
Green will oversee the day-to-day operations of the club, along with enforcing the organization's new strategic plan.
Green played basketball for ISU before playing professional basketball for nearly a decade.
Green comes from ONI Risk Partners where he served as an account executive since 2012.
JACQUELINE DORMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Marian head coach Paul Brutto poses for a photo with his team after his 700th career win after they defeated Lincoln Academy in the girls' basketball game at Marian Catholic High School in Hometown on Monday evening, December 11, 2017. Kneeling front from left are players, Abbey Digris, Gianna Agosti, Reese Erbe, Emily Shaud, Alexa Murray, standing back from left, Emma McClafferty, Isabella Schwabe, Coach Brutto, Macy Alansky, Julia Kreisl and Lyndsey Reinoehl.
China's employers engage in blatant gender discrimination, often advertising jobs for "men only," while others hire women with physical attributes aimed at appealing to their male coworkers, according to a new study published this week by Human Rights Watch.
An analysis by HRW of more than 36,000 job postings over the past five years in China found rampant gender discrimination in employment in both the state and private sectors.
"Four decades of rapid economic growth in China have created unprecedented economic opportunities for women, but gender discrimination in employment remains widespread," the report, titled "Only Men Need Apply: Gender Discrimination in Job Advertisements in China," says.
In 2018 civil service job postings, 19 percent specified "men only," "men preferred" or "suitable for men," while only a single listing was found specifying a preference for a woman.
"These job ads reflect traditional and deeply discriminatory views: that women are less physically, intellectually, and psychologically capable than men; that women are their families' primary sources of child care and thus unable to be fully committed to their jobs or will eventually leave full-time paid employment to have a family; and that accommodating maternity leave is unacceptably inconvenient or costly for the company or agency," the report says.
In one online job recruitment video for male technicians posted by Alibaba, China's largest internet company, the narrator says chosen candidates will work with a staff of beautiful women.
The narrator promises there are "goddesses" working at Alibaba who are "smart and competent at work and charming and alluring in life."
"They are independent but not proud, sensitive but not melodramatic. They want to be your coworkers. Do you want to be theirs?" the narrator says.
That is followed by shots of female employees of the company saying how much they love to work with tech guys. "The most important thing is that he treats me well and that he's handsome" a young, female Alibaba employee manages to explain while pole dancing.
Alibaba's recruitment social media site also posted a series of photos of several female employees, describing them as "late night benefits" of working for the company.
Other Chinese technology companies, such as Tencent and Baidu have also put out recruiting ads touting their female employees.
"I mean, as a woman, of course, I felt quite disgusted," says Maya Wang, Human Rights Watch's China senior researcher for Asia says.
"I think it tells you that the problem is fairly common and widespread and quite accepted as a practice that they didn't even think twice or didn't think it would create any pushback or uproar," she says.
Last year, Tencent apologized for footage of an annual company outing showing female staff kneeling, appearing to use their mouths to open water bottles tucked between the legs of their male coworkers.
Tencent and Baidu have both apologized in the wake of this latest report, and Alibaba defended itself, saying that nearly half its employees are women and that women occupy a third of its management positions.
However, Wang says until China's government starts cracking down on gender discrimination – something she says it does not do – this type of discrimination will continue.
According to the reports, "Some women in recent years have brought successful court challenges to gender discrimination in job ads, but the compensation the companies were ordered to pay was low: in three separate court cases, the victims were each awarded 2,000 yuan (US$300). For many firms, such modest fines are unlikely to serve as a deterrent."
Theresa May has announced a snap general election will be held on June 8 in the wake of the Brexit vote
Speaking outside Number 10, the Prime Minister said the Cabinet had agreed to call an early election. The move takes place against the backdrop of the country's decision to leave the European Union in last year's referendum.
Justifying the decision, Mrs May said: “The country is coming together but Westminster is not.”
She added: “So we need a general election and we need one now. Because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done, while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LA PLUME TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- Keystone College is getting a new president.
Dr. Tracy Brundage, the current provost, will be the 11th president of the college starting July 1.
Current president David Coppola is stepping down after five years.
Dr. Brundage shares Coppola's vision for the campus.
"This includes many upcoming changes to our campus including front entrance improvements, library renovations, and the building of a new field house to support our athletic programs," Dr. Brundage said.
Dr. Brundage has been with Keystone College since August 2017 and worked at Penn College in Williamsport before that.
VANCOUVER - Key findings of the Transportation Safety Board on causes and contributing factors in the capsizing of the Leviathan II, along with some recommendations made by the board:
— Conditions were favourable for the formation of breaking waves and moments before the wave that capsized the boat struck, the master became aware of it and attempted to realign the vessel to minimize its impact, but there was not enough time for his actions to be effective.
— The vessel maintained position on the weather side of a reef that was exposed to the incoming swell to allow passengers to view wildlife. As the vessel was leaving the area, a large wave approached from the starboard quarter.
— It took about 45 minutes before search-and-rescue authorities became aware of the capsizing because the crew did not have time to transmit a distress call, nor did the vessel have a means to automatically send one.
— Crew members were able to discharge a parachute rocket, which alerted a nearby Ahousaht First Nation fishing vessel that was instrumental in saving the lives of a number of survivors.
— If companies that operate passenger vessels do not implement risk management processes for environmental hazards there is a risk of a similar capsizing and loss of life.
— The life-raft deployed after the capsizing was fitted with an emergency pack that did not contain devices effective for signalling distress, such as a parachute rocket or buoyant smoke float.
— Transport Canada should consider whether requirements for the use of digital emergency beacons should be applied to additional classes of boats and airplanes.
— Operators of commercial passenger vessels on the west coast of Vancouver Island should be required to identify areas and conditions conducive to the formation of hazardous waves and adopt strategies to reduce the chances of passenger vessels encountering those conditions.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Germaine Greer has denounced a female-only Cambridge University college for accepting transgender women as students.
Founded as a single-sex college in 1954, Murray Edwards College will now allow any person who identifies as a woman to study at the college.
Regardless of the gender on their birth certificate, any student who publicly identifies as a woman is covered by the new rules.
The college is the alma mater of many famous women, including Sue Perkins, Claudia Winkleman and Tilda Swinton.
Pink News reported that since the Equality Act 2010, it has been illegal to demand proof of gender identity from a trans person where you would not require it from a cisgendered person.
This essentially means all single-sex institutions must follow these rules - but few actually have a policy in place.
But Germaine Greer – who believes post-operative transgender women are not women – has criticised the reform and called Murray Edwards' position "ridiculous".
In an interview with the Daily Telegraph, she said: "It's a silly situation, and I'm sure Murray Edwards will have their own reasons.
"But it's a difficult relationship, having a transgender person in an all-female environment.
"If [Murray Edwards] really don't believe that gender is binary, then they really shouldn't be a single sex college.
"Their position is ridiculous. The only sane thing for them to do is to cease discriminating on the basis of assigned gender of any kind.
"There are plenty of women who have served their time in women's colleges, who are pretty whiskery, but nobody did a DNA test on them.
"But they had to live women's lives – with all the disabilities that that entails."
Greer has previously spoken about "man's delusion that he is female", saying trans women are "some kind of ghastly parody" that will never be women because they do not know what it's like to have a "big, hairy, smelly vagina".
President of Murray Edwards Dame Barbara Stocking has staunchly defended the policy change.
She said: "We are a college that is open to all outstanding young women and so it is absolutely right, both legally and within our set of values, for anyone who identifies as female to be able to apply to study with us.
"Society is changing and there is now a greater understanding of the complexities of gender."
An official statement by Murray Edwards said existing Cambridge students will also be permitted to move into the college if they transition to female while there.
It reads: "Many of us within the college have sympathy with the idea that gender is not binary, and have concerns that narrow gender identities and the expectations associated with them are damaging both to individuals and to wider society.
"The college is also supportive of students who do not wish to define themselves as either female or male.
"At the admissions level, we will consider any student who, at the point of application, identifies as female and, where they have been identified as male at birth, has taken steps to live in the female gender (or has been legally recognised as female via the Gender Recognition Act 2004).
"Similarly, just as we would consider any other female student seeking to transfer to this college during their degree, we would consider any student who, at the point of requesting the transfer, identifies as female.
"Should the student decide that they would prefer to be in a mixed college if transitioning to male or if rejecting a binary gender category, the college would be fully supportive of a transfer and do all that was possible to bring one about."
The new rules will also allow students who transition to male to move to mixed colleges.
"Those are very helpful, beneficial, because they're a big impact to what we're doing and the success we've had this early part of the season," Pederson says.
"And the other thing, too, is these are veteran players who have been on, in Chris's case (and Blount's), on championship teams. They know how to work. They know how to practice. They know how to prepare. And that's what you want. You want those types of guys in and around your football team."
Philly has some defensive issues to settle, with a series of injuries in the secondary and to star DT Fletcher Cox. The Eagles have allowed 52 points in the fourth quarter.
RAMS (3-1)
While most of Los Angeles concentrates on the Dodgers or USC or UCLA, the Rams quietly have put together an offence that is outperforming its purported strength, the defence. LA's 142 points easily lead the NFL, and Jared Goff has been a revelation in his first full season as a starter. He leads the league in four key passing categories.
Yes, the revitalization of 2015 Offensive Rookie of the Year Todd Gurley has been huge — Gurley is second rushing with 362 yards and has scored seven touchdowns (four rushing, three receiving). There's also been an influx of veteran talent here: T Andrew Whitworth, LB Connor Barwin and WR Sammy Watkins.
New coach Sean McVay, at 31 the youngest in NFL history, has energized the offence with his schemes and aggressiveness, while passing on the praise.
"I think what good coaches do is they put their players in situations to have success, but ultimately, those players are the ones that are making those plays," McVay says.
"You feel fortunate to be a part of that and I think the players have done a good job, but I also can't say enough about our coaching staff. Everybody talks about Jared and what he's done, and he's done an excellent job.
"But I also think it's important to know how heavily involved (offensive co-ordinator) Matt LaFleur and (QBs coach) Greg Olson are in his development and those day-to-day things where he's got an ownership on what we're trying to get done."
BILLS (3-1)
The previous time the Bills made the playoffs, America was worrying about the Y2K virus. It's the NFL's longest post-season drought.
To say right now that Buffalo is on the verge of ending that streak is foolish. It's the third time since 2000 the team has been 3-1 or better. The Bills finished with losing records the previous two times.
Still, with a defence that has allowed the NFL's fewest points (54), and consecutive defensive masterpieces against Denver and Atlanta, the Bills shouldn't be dismissed.
If QB Tyrod Taylor remains efficient, outstanding running back LeSean McCoy stays healthy and productive, and the D continues to be dynamic, the Bills could have staying power.
REDSKINS (2-2)
Their performance in a loss at Kansas City was almost as impressive as their throttling of Oakland the previous week.
Undermanned and facing the league's only undefeated team, the Redskins were the better squad for much of the night.
Kirk Cousins, franchise-tag-be-damned, has elevated his game; he's been the NFC East's best QB so far. He's doing it with a so-so group of wideouts and a shuffling deck at running back.
Washington's defence has been the real discovery, though. A sieve for portions of last season, it has found a pass rush and, while not dominant, has been effective overall. But it's banged-up now, with top cornerback Josh Norman sidelined.
JETS (2-2)
The Jets made regular appearances in late-night monologues and prognostications of 0-16 seemed not that farfetched.
Well, they've won their past two games, both at home, and head to 0-4 Cleveland with a shot at a winning record.
Their offence has been much more capable than anyone imagined, and they appear to have two studs at safety in rookies Jamal Adams and Marcus Maye.
If they manage to win six times with this roster — other than a matchup with the Chargers, the schedule is rugged — Todd Bowles should be coach of the year.
Even if Andy Reid goes 16-0.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Barry Wilner, The Associated Press
DETROIT — The U.S. government's highway safety agency is expanding three investigations for brake and airbag troubles that could affect more than 2.3 million vehicles from Ford, Volkswagen and Nissan.
The expansions by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration were announced Monday and during the weekend on the agency's website after investigators found more consumer complaints about the problems:
Ford Fusion, Mercury Milan, Lincoln MKZ: NHTSA has expanded a 2016 investigation to include just over 1 million vehicles. The probe now covers the 2006-2012 Ford Fusion and Lincoln MKZ as well as the 2006-2011 Mercury Milan. Investigators are looking into a total of 735 complaints to NHTSA and Ford that the brake pedal can travel farther toward the floor than expected, potentially increasing stopping distance. The agency now has reports of 30 crashes resulting in three injuries. Tests at NHTSA's Ohio laboratory found stuck valves and corrosion in the brake hydraulic control unit. Ford told the agency that newer versions have a different coating and aren't corroding.
Eight Volkswagen models: The government is expanding an investigation into the 2015 recall of 416,000 Volkswagens to address driver airbags that failed to inflate. The probe now affects 1.2 million CC, Passat, Eos, Golf, GTI, Tiguan, Jetta and Jetta Sportwagen vehicles from the 2010-2014 model years. The agency and VW have received a total of 852 complaints that models outside the scope of the recall have the same problem, or the recall repair didn't work. In addition, VW has received almost 3,000 warranty claims. The recall was done to address failure of airbag wiring in the steering wheel.
Nissan Murano: NHTSA is upgrading an investigation into brake problems with more than 108,000 Nissan Murano SUVs from the 2009 model year. It's now an engineering analysis, which is a step closer to a recall. Last year the agency began investigating a problem similar to the Ford one in which the brake pedal traveled closer to the floor than expected. The agency says 484 consumers have complained to NHTSA or the company, including 14 who reported crashes with three injuries. NHTSA says it will test hydraulic brake control units at its lab. It says similar control units and brake fluid are used in other Nissan vehicles. Nissan maintains that the brake system remains intact and that full braking is available even if the pedals travel a longer distance, the agency said.
Nissan wouldn't say what other models could be affected. It has notified affected Murano owners that dealers will flush brake fluid and test anti-lock brake actuators and replace them if needed, at no cost to owners.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Right-hander Kendall Graveman was placed on the 10-day disabled list Monday by Oakland with a strained right shoulder, and the Athletics also announced shortstop Marcus Semien will have wrist surgery.
The procedure on Semien's right wrist is scheduled for Tuesday and will include inserting a screw to help heal a broken bone. He was examined Monday in Los Angeles by Dr. Steve Shin, who evaluated MRI and CT scans that revealed a fracture to the scaphoid bone.
Semien will have another CT scan in six weeks and be re-evaluated. There won't be a timetable for his return until he is seen again by Shin in late May, the A's said.
“If anybody was holding out with the potential to keep playing it's him,” manager Bob Melvin said. “This is a guy that was a big part of not only the shortstop defensive part of it but a major player as far as production in the lineup.”
Advertisement
Melvin said the A's are unsure exactly how Semien's injury occurred
“We're still trying to figure that out,” said Melvin, noting that Semien was not hit by a pitch during spring training or in the 11 games he played. “It bothered him a little bit at times in spring training and then felt like we were past it. Then the other night, the game before we actually had him go get an MRI, it started bothering him when he was throwing it. So we're not sure if it was one event that did it.”
Graveman started opening day in place of the injured Sonny Gray and began the season 2-0 with a 2.00 ERA in his first three starts. But he exited after just five innings and 74 pitches Friday against Houston, and manager Bob Melvin said afterward the pitcher couldn't get loose. Both Melvin and Graveman expected he would make his next start.
Instead, it's yet another key player down for the injury-plagued A's.
“I think if we give it a couple more days then we'll be back to normal, back to where we need to be,” Graveman said. “I expect to miss one start, and then come back on the road.”
Semien went on the DL on Sunday. He had been experiencing discomfort in the wrist since spring training.
Oakland recalled catcher Bruce Maxwell from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to take Graveman's roster spot.
The's were set to begin a series at home with Texas on Monday night after the series finale against the Astros was rained out Sunday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A bomb blast in Hayatabad area of Peshawar has claimed lives of 2 people and wounded 18 others.
According to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa minister Shaukat Yousafzai, it was a suicide bombing in which the bomber, who came on a motorbike, targeted a bus.
The blast occurred near Peshawar Development Authority (PDA) office.
Rescue teams have reached the site and the injured are being shifted to nearby hospitals.
More casualties are feared as many injured are stated to be in critical condition.
This is a developing story…
Rangers backup goalie Ondrej Pavelec will make his fifth start Monday night against the Dallas Stars at Madison Square Garden. Pavelec stepped in for Henrik Lundqvist (flu) in Pittsburgh last week and made 41 saves in a 4-3 win.
Pavelec, 30, is 2-4, with a 3.45 GAA and .899 save percentage. Kari Lehtonen (3-4-1, 2.71, .903) is expected to start in goal for the Stars, (16-13-1) who have lost three straight.
The rest of the lineup for the Rangers (16-11-2), who have won seven of the last 10, remains the same as in the 5-2 defeat of the Devils on Saturday when Lundqvist was in the net.
Center Mika Zibanejad will miss his sixth consecutive game tonight due to a concussion, but he did skate with the team Monday for the first time. He participated in the morning skate as a spare defenseman.
Coach Alain Vigneault said Zibanejad is not yet cleared for contact and would need at least one full practice before dressing to play. The Rangers fly to Ottawa tomorrow, and will face the Senators, Zibanejad's former team, on Wednesday.
Projected Rangers lineup:
Chris Krieder-David Desharnais-Pavel Buchnevich
Rick Nash-Kevin Hayes-Jesper Fast
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Michael Grabner-J.T. Miller-Mats Zuccarello
Jimmy Vesey-Boo Nieves-Paul Carey
Ryan McDonagh-Nick Holden
Brady Skjei-Kevin Shattenkirk
Marc Staal- Brendan Smith
Ondrej Pavelec
Henrik Lundqvist
Tashika Mothen's defence attorneys turned the tables on victims Daniel Bennett and Carlney Campbell as they addressed the jury in the February 4th shooting trial.
They argued that the statements the two men made were flawed and all they attempted to do was “condemn a hardworking respectable young mother like Tashika.”
The attorneys reminded the jury of the evidence or lack thereof from the DNA expert who took the stand. They pointed out if Mrs. Mothen had kicked Mr. Campbell like he claimed, there should have been traces of his blood on her shoes.
There was no DNA evidence from Mr. Campbell on the shoes she wore that night.
Defence appealed to the jury of 7 to question Daniel Bennett's character saying that he has “different faces for different situations” and that when he was on the witness stand “he attempted to portray himself as someone with respect for others”.
Defence mentioned Mr. Bennett's mother and how she attacked Tashika Mothen's mother one night where the police had to get involved.
The defence said this was an indicator of Mr. Bennett's temper and that “the apple didn't fall far from the tree.”
They also picked at Mr. Campbell's violent past pointing out that he even allegedly threatened to kill his own stepfather.
The defence urged the jury to disbelieve Mr. Bennett's and Carlney Campbell's innocence.
Closing arguments from Kashwayne Hewitt's legal team were also heard on Monday (11 December.) The Judge will sum up the trial tomorrow (12 December.)
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Dermal Fillers Market Report include on MarketReseacrhFuture.com with exhaustive Study. The report aims to provide an overview of Dermal Fillers Market Report. The report provides key statistics on the market status. Global Forecast till 2023.
Dermal Fillers – Market Dynamics
In the past years, medical device implants industry has flourished. Its development has proven to be a positive influence for many markets. The global market for dermal fillers happens to be one amongst these. According to the research report published by MRFR (Market Research Future), this market will experience tremendous progression during the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Get Exclusive Sample Copy of Dermal Fillers Market `spread across 88 Premium Pages, 10+ and Supported with Full TOC, is Available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3893
Dermal fillers are a kind of medical device implants that are employed to make the face appear smoother, clearer and fuller. They can also be utilized to enhance the width of hands. In common language they are known by different names like wrinkle fillers, soft tissue fillers and injectable implants.
Currently, many individuals across the world are resorting to medical treatments to enhance their features. Owing to this fact, it can be confidently asserted that the worldwide market for dermal fillers has a pretty bright future ahead. By the end of the forecast period, the market is anticipated to generate a revenue of around USD 10,008.4 million. The CAGR for this time span is expected to be 12.5%.
The trend of rectifying facial flaws by the usage of anti-aging treatments has become a common norm these days. This fact contributes as one of the chief growth drivers for the market. People of the modern era are highly concerned about their looks and they do not shy away from using the advancements in medicine to their benefit.
Additional factors that further fuel market expansion are increased demand to look younger, higher need for facial aesthetics, technological advancements in the beauty & skincare industry, discovery of new therapies and increased adoption of tissue fillers. Furthermore, the increasing number of people opting for facial surgeries also happen to fuel the progress of the market.
Market Segmentation:
The global market for dermal fillers has been segmented into two distinct parts. Both of these and their respective sub-divisions are listed as below:
Applications – Lip treatments, facial line correction treatment and face-lift. Amongst the three, facial line correction treatment holds the largest share of the market and it will continue to grow in the projection period as well. By 2023, it is expected to reach the figure of USD 4,319 million.
Avail Stunning Discount @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/3893
Types – Polymers & particles, collagen, botlinum toxin and hyaluronic acid. Out of this botulinum toxin sub-segment dominates the market with majority of the market shares. On the other hand hyaluronic acid is expected to progress rapidly at the CAGR of 13.0%.
Comprehensive Regional Analysis:
The dermal fillers market is not constrained in terms of regions, its presence is felt all across the globe. Some of the major areas where it prevails are North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe and Rest of the World.
The research report by MRFR (Market Research Future) suggests that Americas governs the market region-wise. The credit for this area's lead goes to North America and Latin America, they have the highest conversion rates. It can be attributed to the presence of major market players in this field and also higher investment in research & development activities. In 2016, US earned a staggering USD 1,072 million.
Industry News:
19 March, 2018 – A popular industry player, Merz Pharma, recently completed 110 years in this business. To celebrate this special occasion, they introduced their brand-new range of anti-aging therapies, the list also included dermal fillers. The market has high hopes from this launch and it is expected to benefit the market in the coming years.
Major TOC of Dermal Fillers Market Research Report – Global Forecast till 2023:
1 Report Prologue
2 Market Introduction
3 Research Methodology
4 Market Dynamics
5 Market Factor Analysis
6 Global Dermal Fillers Market by Types
7 Global Dermal Fillers Market by Application
8 Global Dermal Fillers Market by Regions
9 Competitive Landscape
10 Company Profiles
11 Conclusion
12 Appendices
Ask any Queries to Experts about Niche Segments, Requires Regional Data and Top Players @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/3893
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
But even with nearly 90 percent of legislators backing the measure, it never became law. Gov. Mark Dayton did not sign it because his administration discovered a costly wording mistake, and a special legislative session that could have passed the bill never materialized.
So when the 2017 Legislature convenes Tuesday, Jan. 3, the old bill will be used as a framework for a new one.
"All I did is talk about HF848 (the 2016 tax bill) being the best tax bill written in the history of mankind," said veteran House Taxes Chairman Greg Davids, R-Preston.
The 2017 tax bill he will craft, he said, will take its cues from the one left behind. But the House likely will nix some provisions, like a working families tax credit, he said.
Democrat Dayton told Forum News Service that he will send legislators his tax proposals during the first week of the session, even before he releases his budget plan on Jan. 24.
While he plans to stick closely to the 2016 tax bill and target farmers and the middle-class for tax cuts, he said that he is concerned Republicans may want to cut too much.
Dayton said that once a tax cut is enacted, it reduces state revenues for years. "The tax bill is precarious."
The governor said he does not plan any major tax increase proposals, but some taxes may go up a little as lawmakers match state law with federal rules to make filing income taxes easier for Minnesotans.
His promise for no major tax increase, however, does not apply to transportation funding, which he said needs an influx of new money.
The most-discussed part of the tax bill is a provision to reduce how much farmland owners pay to build new school facilities. Many rural districts have not been able to build because farmers voted against them.
Unlike in cities, where businesses pay much of the property tax bill, farmers often come up with most of the money in rural areas. In a time like now, when property taxes are rising and farm commodity prices are falling, farmers say they cannot afford the taxes.
"The property tax is the most unfair tax because you have to pay it whether you make a profit or not," Dayton said.
Rep. Ben Lien, D-Moorhead, and Sen. Kent Eken, D-Twin Valley, are among lawmakers calling for a study to find new ways to collect taxes from farmers. They said that instead of just taxing based on farmland value, perhaps production or income should be used.
Rep. Dean Urdahl, R-Grove City, said he will continue to push his provision to cut taxes for teachers with a degree in the subject area they teach. Now, many teachers have classes in areas where they are not experts.
The 2016 tax bill would have increased city Local Government Aid from $519 million over two years to $539 million. Counties would receive $10 million more. Aid supporters say such payments cut property taxes cities and counties collect.
0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
Bill Maher says reviews like ‘I Feel Pretty' aren't reviews. Do you agree?
Photo: David Becker / WireImage 2013 Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Comedian Bill Maher says reviewers often critique the wrong things. Comedian Bill Maher says reviewers often critique the wrong things. Photo: David Becker / WireImage 2013 Image 2 of 5 A case can be made for “Birdman of Alcatraz” as one of Burt Lancaster's top films. A case can be made for “Birdman of Alcatraz” as one of Burt Lancaster's top films. Photo: United Artists 1962 Image 3 of 5 Rachel McAdams (left) and Rachel Weisz star in “Disobedience.” Rachel McAdams (left) and Rachel Weisz star in “Disobedience.” Photo: Bleecker Street Image 4 of 5 Aidy Bryant, Busy Philipps and Amy Schumer in the new movie "I Feel Pretty"Credit:Mark Schäfer. Artwork © 2017 STX Financing, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Aidy Bryant, Busy Philipps and Amy Schumer in the new movie "I Feel Pretty"Credit:Mark Schäfer. Artwork © 2017 STX Financing, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Photo: STX Financing / Courtesy Of STXfilms Image 5 of 5 Burt Lancaster in "Elmer Gantry." Burt Lancaster in "Elmer Gantry." Photo: United Artists 1960 Bill Maher says reviews like ‘I Feel Pretty' aren't reviews. Do you agree? 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Dear Mick LaSalle: On “Real Time with Bill Maher,” the comedian was commenting on the ways that movie reviewers criticized Amy Schumer's “I Feel Pretty” for what it is not, rather than what it is. He added that movie reviews “are not even reviews any more. They're just ‘How come you made the movie you made and not the one I would have made?'” What is your reaction?
Ken Kirste, Sunnyvale
Dear Ken Kirste: He's exaggerating for effect, and he's being funny; but accounting for that, I'd say he's right. Look, everybody is trying to do a good job, but people sometimes fall into patterns that are unproductive and not of much use to readers. And Maher's monologue actually speaks to two big traps that critics can fall into if they're not careful. To take the second example first, critics often make a mistake of talking about how something should have been written. But that kind of criticism has to be made very carefully, if not avoided altogether. Critics consider themselves writers, and so they think that they know what writers at the higher end of the art — movies, plays, books — are doing in their work, and often they don't. And the solutions they offer are almost invariably things that the artist considered and rejected years ago, after careful consideration, because they didn't work.
The other point Maher was making was about the influence of politics in criticism. This is not a new thing, of course. In the arts, politics has always been the last resort of the uninspired artist — and the first refuge of the uninsightful critic. Now without question, there is a place for relating a work of art to its cultural context. But it is wrong to assess a work of art's quality on the basis of how well it comports to some outside set of moral and political values imposed by the critic. Everyone can recognize the ludicrousness of this, whenever we read a critic with either an extreme ideology or some point of view you just don't expect to find in criticism. Imagine, for example, a conservative evangelical take on “Disobedience.” Except, let's be fair: Conservative critics don't do this. This is a failure of the left, almost exclusively.
Yet left or right, the practice is equally ridiculous. It assumes that the critic knows everything that's good and right and moral and wonderful — and that civilization has advanced to the point where such things are completely known by nice people — and that a work of art's value can therefore be assessed on the basis of how well the ideas contained in it advance the coming utopia, or at least reflect the critic's refined sensibility.
But no, this is worse than ridiculous. This is all too easy, and it exalts non-thinking. It allows every review to become an effortless comparison-contrast exercise, in which the artist's inferred social and political leanings are compared with whatever the critic already thinks, and a grade is assigned on the basis of how well the two match up. A critic who works that way — and there are lots who do — can basically go an entire career without ever having to do any real observing or hard thinking. Can you see how that might be tempting to someone who has to generate a constant flow of opinions and arguments, four or five times a week, for years on end? Politics takes your feelings and disguises them as ideas, precooked and suitable for all occasions. And you get to feel high-minded in the process. All that makes it a tempting trap.
Hey Mick: TCM claims “The Swimmer” was one of Burt Lancaster's top three films. Should I put a lock on the pool gate?
Patrick Fowler, San Francisco
Hey Patrick: Interesting. I think that reflects the movie's rise in recent years. With Lancaster, the top two are obvious — “Sweet Smell of Success” and “Elmer Gantry.” After that, everybody can have a big discussion: “Atlantic City,” “The Killers,” “From Here to Eternity,” “Birdman of Alcatraz,” “Seven Days in May.”
Have a question? Ask Mick LaSalle at mlasalle@sfchronicle.com . Include your name and city for publication, and a phone number for verification. Letters may be edited for clarity and length.
Movie newsletter
Get the latest movie reviews, Mick LaSalle's views, critics' picks and more film news each week in the San Francisco Chronicle's revamped movie newsletter! Sign up here for “Popcorn Picks” and other Chronicle and SFGATE newsletters like the Taploid, Chronicle Commuter, and breaking news alerts.
Brooklyn, N.Y. – Congresswoman Yvette D. Clarke released the following statement on the refusal of the Department of the Army to consider renaming two streets at Fort Hamilton honoring Confederate generals, General Lee Avenue and Stonewall Jackson Drive. Congresswoman Clarke, joined by Congressman Jerrold Nadler, Congresswoman Nydia Velázquez and Congressman Hakeem Jeffries, formally asked the department to rename the streets in June following the removal of monuments honoring Confederate generals in New Orleans.
“I am disappointed that the Department of the Army will not even consider renaming these streets honoring Confederate generals who waged war against the United States. The department claims that the streets were named ‘in the spirit of reconciliation'. But that ‘reconciliation' was actually complicity by the North and the South to ignore the interests of African-Americans and enforce white supremacy, effectively denying the result of the Civil War for generations. We are still living with the failure of this nation to fully accept that result, as well as the post-Civil War amendments that were ratified to establish the freedom of women and men who had been held in bondage. The department describes any possible renaming of these streets as potentially ‘controversial'. Nonsense! These monuments are deeply offensive to the hundreds of thousands of Brooklyn residents and members of the armed forces stationed at Fort Hamilton whose ancestors Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson fought to hold in slavery. For too many years, the United States has refused to reckon with that history. I commend the City of New Orleans for initiating this important and often difficult work. I will continue to petition the Department of the Army to contribute to that effort.”
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — An eye-catching Los Angeles hot dog stand designed in the 1940s to look like a giant wiener on a bun has found a home a decade after closing.
The Tail o' the Pup, which fed working people and Hollywood stars for 60 years, will be moved Thursday for permanent display at Valley Relics Museum, home to many pop culture items. The unique structure, which appeared in TV shows and movies and was named a Los Angeles cultural landmark, has been in a storage yard since its walk-up window shut for the final time in 2005.
Nicole Miller, whose husband Jay's family has owned the Pup since the 1970s, said they'd hoped to find a new location to serve its famous all-beef franks once again, but couldn't secure permits.
The family is glad the museum “is willing to take it, restore it, and put it on display,” she told the Los Angeles Daily News (http://bit.ly/2saLuci ).
The chicken wire and stucco dog measured 18 feet from nose to tail with a line of mustard running across its service window.
Designed by architect Milton Black and opened in 1946, the Tail o' the Pup was built to catch the attention of passing motorists during an era when cars were king.
It's a rare surviving example of when giant doughnuts, chili bowls and coffee cups dotted Los Angeles curbs from the 1920s to after World War II, the newspaper said.
“The Tail o' the Pup was clearly among the best known of the ‘programmatic' buildings — buildings that often looked like products sold inside,” said Cindy Olnick of the Los Angeles Conservancy, a preservation group. “The whole building, besides the sign, was an advertisement.”
___
Information from: (Los Angeles) Daily News, http://www.dailynews.com
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) – Michigan State forward Nick Ward is withdrawing his name from the NBA draft and returning to school for his junior season.
Ward says Tuesday the workouts and interviews with NBA teams will help him when he's ready to take the next step.
The 6-foot-8, 245-pound Ward averaged 12.4 points and a team-best 7.1 rebounds last season. He will be a key player for the Spartans next season. They will be without Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges, underclassmen who declared for the draft and are expected to be among the top selections.
Michigan State coach Tom Izzo says the process provided Ward with a great opportunity to explore his draft stock and find out what he has to work on to play in the NBA.
© 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
A week into free agency, are the Eagles better or worse?
A week into free agency, are the Eagles better or worse? Mar 19
Paul Domowitch is a pro football writer for the Inquirer and Daily News , where he has worked since 1982. He has covered nearly 30 Super Bowls and has been a selector for the Pro Football Hall of Fame for the last 15 years.
Michael Bennett has been an Eagle for less than a week, but the 32-year-old defensive end already is very impressed with the aggressive way the Birds are attacking their chance to become only the third team in the salary-cap era to win back-to-back Super Bowls.
“The first thing I talked to Howie [Roseman] about [after they traded for him], the first thing he said to me was, ‘I want to go back,' '' Bennett said. “When you hear somebody say something like that, you feel it. I felt it through the phone.
“They're not complacent. They're pushing forward. Finding our weaknesses and making them better.''
With the draft still five weeks away, there aren't a lot of concerns about the Eagles' offense.
Poll Which free agent who has signed elsewhere will the Eagles miss the most? Beau Allen
LeGarrette Blount
Trey Burton
Vinny Curry
Patrick Robinson Vote Results
As long as Carson Wentz, who posted a video of himself throwing inside the Eagles' NovaCare Complex practice bubble Monday, makes a successful comeback from his December knee injury – and all indications are he'll be ready to go when the season starts – the Eagles once again should be a 30-point-a-game scoring machine.
Defense is where they have a few questions.
Salary-cap constraints – and a desire to bulk up their 2019 draft arsenal with compensatory picks – led to the departures last week of valuable slot corner Patrick Robinson, defensive tackle Beau Allen and defensive end Vinny Curry. Linebacker Mychal Kendricks, who has a $7.6 million cap number this year, also could soon be leaving if the Eagles can find a buyer.
On the flip side, the Eagles acquired Bennett and 23-year-old cornerback Daryl Worley in trades with Seattle and Carolina, signed soon-to-be-26-year-old linebacker Corey Nelson and 34-year-old defensive tackle Haloti Ngata, and managed to hang on to linebacker Nigel Bradham.
Have the early moves made them better? Hard to say.
The addition of Bennett, who had 8 ½ sacks last season and has 48 over the last six years, should be a slight upgrade over Curry, who lacks Bennett's finishing skills. That is assuming Bennett still has some gas left in his tank.
Bennett played 578 pass-rush snaps with the Seahawks last season, despite battling plantar fasciitis. He won't come close to that with the Eagles, where defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz regularly rotates his linemen. And that's fine with Bennett.
“I'm comfortable with playing less snaps,'' he said. “It's not about September or October or November. It's about January and February.
“To be able to keep guys fresh so that they can rush the quarterback as savage as they can'' is fine with him.
Robinson had an outstanding season last year. His play in the slot was a big reason for the Eagles' defensive success — they finished fourth in points allowed (18.4 per game), fourth in yards allowed (306.5 per game), third in third-down defense (32.2 percent), fourth in interceptions (19) and ninth in opponent passer rating (79.5).
The likely in-house slot replacement would appear to be Jalen Mills. Mills, who started 15 games on the outside last season, played slot corner both as a rookie and in college at LSU.
The move inside would make room on the outside for 2017 second-round pick Sidney Jones, who missed most of last season recovering from a ruptured Achilles.
Worley, a Penn Charter product, would not appear to be an option in the slot.
“Most of my time in Carolina, I played on the outside,'' he said Monday. “I didn't play much nickel. Not because I couldn't or anything. That's just the way things were schemed up during my time there.''
The Eagles' fifth corner, Rasul Douglas, also is an unlikely slot option.
It's still possible the Eagles could draft a cornerback next month who can play inside, or sign another veteran later on. They also can drop safety Malcolm Jenkins down in the slot, which is something they did frequently last season against bigger receivers.
But Jenkins was able to drop down because the Eagles had a very capable third safety in Corey Graham. Graham, a free agent, is expected to retire. The Eagles are expected to take a safety in the draft at some point.
Darby, acquired from Buffalo in a late-summer trade, was supposed to be a shutdown corner. But he injured an ankle in Week 1, missed eight games, and was up and down after his return.
Jones was projected to be a top-15 pick in last year's draft before he suffered the Achilles injury in his pro day workout.
While the Eagles' secondary played well overall last season, they struggled at times in the playoffs. The Eagles wouldn't have made it out of the divisional round if the Falcons' Julio Jones had managed to catch Matt Ryan's pass over Mills in the end zone.
And there was the matter of the 505 yards and three touchdowns that Tom Brady threw for in Super Bowl LII. The Eagles gave up 10 passes of 20-plus yards to the Patriots after allowing 39 in the entire regular-season. Yes, it was Brady, but still.
The defensive line is the engine that makes Jim Schwartz's defense go. It made some game-changing plays last season, including two in the playoffs – Chris Long's pressure on Case Keenum in the NFC championship game against the Vikings that caused the momentum-shifting interception which Robinson returned for a touchdown, and, of course, the critical strip-sack by Brandon Graham on Brady late in the Super Bowl.
But the Eagles tied for 15th in the league in sacks with 38. They had just 14 in their last nine games, including their three playoff wins.
But adding Bennett to the rotation and lining him up inside and outside – like Schwartz did last year with Graham – should make the Eagles' pass rush even more formidable.
“I think we can have one of the greatest defensive lines to ever play the game,'' he said.
That's probably a little, uh, overly optimistic. But Bennett should make the front four betters.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Police are asking the public to be on the lookout for a blue Suzuki sidekick that was stolen from Main Street in George Town last week.
It was reportedly stolen sometime between 8 a.m. on Wednesday (6 December) and 7:30 a.m. on Friday (8 December). It bears the registration number 166-484.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of this vehicle is encouraged to call the George Town police station at 949-4222 or the confidential tip line at 949-7777.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
From Associated Press -
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) - Rains across Kansas have given emergency responders a respite from a wave of wildfires that have charred more than 27 square miles across several counties in recent days.
The Adjutant General's Department said in a news release Monday that the wildfire outbreak began March 14 in Rice County and later included fires in Barber, Butler, Kiowa, Labette, McPherson, Montgomery, Reno and Seward counties.
Damage reported to the State Emergency Operations Center includes a bridge destroyed in Marshall County. Four non-residential structures were destroyed in Kiowa and Barber counties.
The Operations Center monitored 62 fires reported over the course of four days.
Q: On a 45, if singers' names are under the wrong song is there a value added? There are different artists on this 45 (shown above).
— Pam Morgan, via email
A: Printing errors can be of interest (if not necessarily value), but they are dependent upon a lot of factors. For example, is the artist one who commands a sizable following among collectors? I own a copy of TV Smith's Explorers' 1981 “Perfect Life” single (Kaleidoscope, U.K.), misprinted to credit TV Smith alone, and have yet to meet a single person who is as excited about it as I am.
The other major consideration is, was the error ever corrected; and, if so, how many copies are out there? If every single copy bears the same mistake, then that's just the way the record is. If, however, an eagle-eyed proof reader stopped the presses after a mere handful were produced, and it was fixed, then at the very least, you'd have an interesting variety.
However, this is not a big ticket single by a much collected artist. And the entire press run seems to have carried the same labels as these, so the error wasn't corrected either (“Confidential” is actually sung by Edna McGriff). Interestingly, though, according to a post on 45cat, the same two songs, credited to the same two artists, appeared on the 3-CD set Music For The Millions – Gems From Bell Records USA … and nobody noticed it there, either!
— Dave Thompson
Author of the 45 RPM Records Price Guide, 8th Ed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It could be days before the recovery of a freight train that derailed near Ely is complete, Network Rail has revealed - leading to chaos for travellers.
The public are being urged to check with train operators before travelling over the next few days, after the incident at 2.40pm today.
It is affecting trains between Cambridge and Peterborough, and routes via Ely between Bury St Edmunds and Peterborough. Trains between Ely and Peterborough are unable to run.
The 33-wagon train saw 11 of its wagons come off the tracks. These now have to be lifted away by crane.
The track is also damaged and will need to be replaced before trains can start running on the route again.
Simon Ancona, Network Rail's chief operating officer for Anglia, said: "This is a serious incident and our engineers are on site working tirelessly to resolve the issue as quickly as possible. The recovery is very complex and not helped by the rural location and will take several days. I understand how frustrating this is for passengers and would like to thank them for their patience while we work to get services up and running again.”
Network Rail says it will release further updates and timescales over the next few days.
No-one was hurt during the incident.
Chafing fuel is basically a heating fuel. Chafing fuel cans are placed under the chafing dish for heating food, thus, not used for cooking food. Chafing fuel is sold in a small canister and burned directly within the canister, with or without a wick. Ethanol, methanol, or glycol are the types of fuel used in chafing fuel cans. Chafing fuel canisters are available in different sizes and volumes of fuel or gel. Chafing fuel canisters can be utilized safely indoors, and produce minimal soot or odor. They are also utilized for outdoor cooking, emergency heating, and fondue.
Proper selection of the type of chafing fuel can increase burning hours and minimize accidents caused by improper usage. Fluctuation in prices of raw materials such as natural gas and crude oil coupled with stringent regulations related to bottling of chafing fuel acts as a restraint of the chafing fuel market. An alternative to using chafing fuel is induction chafers with induction warmers or electric chafing warmers. Induction warmers are comparatively safe, as they heat the food within the induction chafer, however, stay cool on the exterior. This reduces accidental burns and injuries during the heating operation. However, the cost of utilizing chafing fuel-based can is low, as compared to other alternatives.
Request Sample Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/chafing-fuel-market.html
Globally, chafing fuel cans are marketed by several companies, traders, distributers, and wholesalers. The restaurant industry is a trillion-dollar industry, and the primary driver for chafing fuel cans is restaurants, which serve food in chafing dishes, i.e. buffet dinning. Moderate initial investment coupled with less payback period makes chafing fuel an attractive market for investment. The major advantages chafing fuel cans offer to end-users include their highly portable nature and light weight. Increasing demand for activities such as camping, picnics, and other outdoor activities is likely to propel the demand for warm and hygienic food, especially chafing fuel cans, which are utilized for heating purposes. Presently, consumers are more inclined toward tourism, camping, and picnics. This has raised the demand for portable energy storage devices utilized for food heating purposes.
Request Brochure @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag…
The chafing fuel market can be segmented based on type and burn time. Based on fuel type, the chafing fuel market can be segmented into wick fuel, gel fuel, and wick-gel fuel. Wick fuel-based chafing fuel cans are available in two types: traditional and steam. However, both traditional and steam employ clean burning glycol fuel. Wick fuel-based chafing fuel cans are safer than gel fuel-based cans, since the spilled glycol does not combust without a wick. Gel-based chafing fuels are available in two types: ethanol-based and methanol-based. Gel-based chafing fuel cans have a strong heating performance as compared to wick fuel-based chafing fuel canisters. Both wick-gel fuel-based chafing fuel cans are environmental friendly and deliver high quality heat for adequate chafing warming. Based on burn time, the market can be segregated into two-hour, four-hour, and six-hour burn time.
Currently, North America accounts for a major share of the global chafing fuel market. In the U.S., several manufacturers of chafing fuel cans have backward integrated into manufacturing of aerosol containers, valves, and nozzles. This has provided a competitive edge against competitors who are dependent on the supply of aerosol containers. The chafing fuel market in North America is more mature, vis-à-vis that in other regions. However, the chafing fuel market in South Korea, China, India, and ASEAN is expected to expand at a high growth rate during the forecast period, owing to the year-on-year in increase in number of hi-tech restaurants in these countries. In Europe, more than 350 companies are active in the aerosol industry. These range from small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to multinationals. Nearly, 3% to 9% of aerosol containers manufactured in Europe are utilized in filling of chafing fuel.
Request Customization @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag…
Key manufacturers and suppliers of chafing fuel include flamos Ltd., Kelmin Products Inc, Coral Fuel Gel, and Roshchem Industries.
WAUKESHA, Wis. – Two limited government groups are warning the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction that it must involve the Legislature in writing the rules for the state plan for the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) before it is sent to the federal government.
In a letter to State Superintendent for Public Instruction Tony Evers, the Wisconsin Institute for Law & Liberty and Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce warn that if DPI insists on creating the state ESSA plan first, the agency “could expose the State of Wisconsin to litigation and jeopardize hundreds of millions of dollars in federal funds for children attending Wisconsin's schools.”
The process for creating the state ESSA plan, according to WILL and WMC, requires the creation of “a statement of scope,” establishing the rules for the plan that would have to be approved by the legislature before ESSA can be sent to the feds.
“The process you are using is not the process that is required by state law,” the letter from WILL and WMC says. “Policymaking is done by the state legislature.”
The letter adds that DPI is evading the necessary oversight from the legislature.
“That is problematic not only because it is yet another example of administrative overreach but because of the legal difficulties it creates for the people of Wisconsin in the future under ESSA,” the letter states.
ESSA is the federal replacement for the No Child Left Behind Act. Unlike No Child Left Behind, ESSA requires states to create report cards for the schools and come up with plans for dealing with failing schools, but leaves the policymaking to the states. In exchange for federal funds, states must develop a “state plan” and submit the plan to the U.S. Department of Education by Sept. 18, 2017.
At a state Assembly Committee on Education public hearing, State Rep. Ron Tusler, R-Harrison, asked DPI officials about the requirement that a statement of scope would have to be created.
Jennifer Kammerud, DPI's Policy Initiatives adviser, said the Legislature will have to know what the plan will look like before the rules can be created.
“At a certain point, if there's a feeling among all of us that there needs to be rules around something, then we should have that conversation,” Kammerud said, “But, no, right now there is no scope statement around this.”
DPI Senior Policy Adviser Jeff Pertl said typically there isn't a statement of scope around state plans from state agencies.
“We certainly got the letter from WILL,” Pertl said.”We are certainly aware of that question. That has not been the practice historically.”
“Generally what happens is if an issue, to your point, is a mandatory requirement that is not currently placed in federal law, or in the state law, then there would need to be a change in law or a scope statement,” Pertl said.
CJ Szafir, WILL's vice president of policy, disagreed. He said the rule-making process must take place before the ESSA plan is sent to the federal government.
“As we have been saying for weeks, the legislature is well within their legal and constitutional rights to force Evers to work closer with the legislature in making decisions for ESSA,” Szafir said in a statement Monday. “I'm glad that the DPI, reluctantly, agreed with us on this point.”
“But, as our letter with WMC indicated, DPI will have to go through the rule-making process in making decisions pertaining to ESSA,” Szafir said. “This will require legislative review of parts of the state plan. So, one way or another, the state legislature will have their say.”
“This issue is too important to play political games,” Szafir added.
When contacted for a comment on the rule-making controversy, Assembly Education Committee Chairman Jeremy Thiesfeldt‘s office said the lawmaker is consulting with the Wisconsin Legislative Council on the issue. “We are waiting on their thoughts before proceeding with any other opinions,” Thiesfeldt's office said in an email.
Earlier in the hearing, Kammerud told legislators that DPI is ready to start writing the state's ESSA plan.
“And we are looking and hoping and asking the chairman if we can come back every time you meet,” Kammerud said, “so that we can work with you and update you and stay involved with you in this process.”
Kammerud said that built into the process is a review period for the public, the governor and the Legislature.
“We put the legislative piece on there as a placeholder,” Kammerud said. “But I want you to know that we see that as a continual piece, not just a point-in-time piece.”
Later in her testimony before the committee, Kammerud said she hoped that DPI would have a state plan for ESSA in May, as the Legislature works through the 2017-19 budget process.
“And then, being able to make changes, working with you through all of May, June, July to make changes based on our interactions and evolving process is critical,” she said.
In order to give the governor 30 days to review the plan, Kammerud said it would have to be submitted to him by August. Afterward, DPI would make additional changes before submitting the plan to the U.S. Department of Education.
SEE RELATED: Policy memo accuses Evers of acting unilaterally on ESSA
State Rep. Adam Neylon serves on the ESSA Stakeholders Council, a group of more than 30 members from different education interest groups and legislators advising DPI on the implementation of ESSA in Wisconsin. Neylon said he does not believe DPI has been working closely enough with the Legislature on ESSA.
“I am not satisfied at this point with how much the Legislature has been a part of the process,” Neylon told Wisconsin Watchdog Tuesday. “At the same time, I think that DPI has taken steps to expand engagement with the Legislature.”
Pointing to the three months the Legislature will have to review the plan before it is submitted to the governor, Neylon said he's optimistic lawmakers would have time to work on changes.
“But I don't think we should wait, sit back on our heels until the plan is developed and review it,” Neylon said. “I think we need to be actively engaged.”
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
South Carolina basketball recruiting target Zion Williamson attends the Gamecocks' football game against Kentucky on Sept. 16 at Williams-Brice Stadium. Dwayne McLemore dmclemore@thestate.com
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
NEW YORK (AP) — New Jersey Governor Chris Christie says he has ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in his state following the pipe bomb explosion in a passageway near Times Square in Manhattan.
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service Monday into New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal.
New York City also has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group.
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
PIERRE, S.D.- The South Dakota Department of Agriculture (SDDA) encourages producers that believe they may have experienced damage due to dicamba this year to complete a survey on the department's website,www.sdda.sd.gov.
Dicamba is a broad spectrum herbicide used for weed control. There are currently three dicamba products registered for use on dicamba tolerant soybeans in South Dakota: Engenia, FeXapan and Xtendimax.
The department has been fielding questions and concerns about damage to crops, possibly due to the use of dicamba products. The department is encouraging producers that suspect impacts due to dicamba to complete the Dicamba Damage Survey at https://apps.sd.gov/doa/cat/dicamba.aspx. A link can also be found on the department's home page, www.sdda.sd.gov. Information from this survey will be used by the department to evaluate the impact of these products across the state.
“I know there are a number of producers who have experienced crop damage possibly due to dicamba,” Secretary of Agriculture Mike Jaspers said. “It is important for the department to have as much information as possible on the impacts producers are experiencing. Please consider filling out the survey on our website.”
The department will have a booth at Dakotafest in Mitchell, S.D., on Aug. 15, 16 and 17. Producers will have an opportunity to fill out the survey there as well if they visit the department's booth, booth number 3107 in the Ag Tents.
More information on dicamba can be found at the SDDA website at www.sdda.sd.gov.
× Center City Park Project Moving Forward in Hazleton
HAZLETON — A state grant recently given to the city of Hazleton will go toward renovating a park in the center of the city.
Ripa Jewelers just reopened up on West Broad Street in Hazleton after being closed for 14 years.
Owner Jake Ripa, says he wanted to come back because of all of the changes that are coming to Hazleton.
“The properties are being repurposed and it was a major influence in deciding to reopen here,” he said.
One of the changes he's talking about is a park located across the street from his shop at the corner of Laurel Street and West Broad Street.
The city just received a grant for $200,000 from the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to renovate the space.
“It's going to be a really nice park with a plaza, new lighting, benches, trees. It's going to be pretty,” said Krista Schneider, director of the Downtown Hazleton Alliance for Progress.
Another project the city is working on it located right next to the park. They're working on renovating a old bank into the city's arts center.
“I think within the next four to five years, you're going to see a real upswing in the downtown community,” Ripa said.
These improvements are not only catching the eye of Ripa but also people who go by the park often.
“I see a lot of people sitting at the benches that they do have just on nice days. We do need a little bit more there though,” said Karen Flannery.
The city also received other grants that bring the total amount they have for the park up to $450,000. The city says they need about $50,000 more to finish the project.
They hope to have the money donated and the park project completed by 2019.
Please support Whaleoil.
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil.
Be part of making sure Whaleoil's voice continues.
Welterweight champion Keith Thurman is relinquishing his WBC title.
Thurman, who also owns the WBA belt, said Tuesday he would step aside while rehabilitating from elbow surgery and a recent hand injury. That should lead to Danny Garcia and Shawn Porter fighting for the championship.
Garcia and Porter have lost to Thurman. WBC President Mauricio Sulaiman said Thurman will be a mandated opponent for the organization's champion once he heals.
The 29-year-old Thurman (28-0, 22 knockouts) has been plagued by a string of injuries the last two years. He injured his neck in an auto accident in February 2016, four months before beating Porter.
He defeated Garcia by split decision in a welterweight unification match on March 4, 2017. A month later he had major surgery on his right elbow to remove bone spurs and calcium deposits.
In training last month, Thurman damaged his hand.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Cancer patient says she was left waiting for almost an hour in the cold, for a bus which is meant to run to and from the hospital every 30 minutes.
Mhairi Gordon-Preston from Crewe had an appointment at Leighton Hospital on Friday December 1.
She travelled to the hospital from her home using the number 12 bus which takes the route from Leighton Hospital via Broad Street, the Brookhouse Estate and Shavington.
On her way home and after stopping off at a chemist for her medication, she aimed to catch the 3.35pm bus home.
The 47-year-old then claims she was stood waiting for 50 minutes in the freezing cold weather as the scheduled one did not arrive, neither did the one due to arrive 30 minutes later at 4.05pm.
Cold, in pain and extremely upset Mhairi was then forced to walk home, something made difficult by her condition. Halfway home and around 4.30pm a number 12 bus eventually drove past her.
She told the Chronicle: “I'm appalled that D&G Buses left a cancer-sufferer standing in freezing temperatures for 50 minutes on a service that's supposed to run every 30 minutes, and takes people to and from the hospital.
“I was literally crying with the cold on Friday. Maybe someone else wouldn't have reacted in the way I did but with everything I'm having to deal with and having to rely on the bus for my appointments, it really upset me.
“The cancer does affect my lungs and whereas at one time I used to cycle to places, that's no longer an option.
“It seems I'm not the only one that feels badly treated by them, there are many complaints against them on social media. This isn't the first time this has happened to me either and I tried to contact them for a number of hours after I eventually got home but the company rarely answers the phone and has never responded to my emails.”
The Chronicle approached D&G for a response and Steve Lang Depot Manager for D&G in Crewe said: “I have spoken to my Traffic Office Team who have informed me the reason for the 12 Service disruption was due to emergency road closure in Shavington - a burst water main on Rope Lane causing our buses to divert.”
The Middle East is one of the regions in the world where most armed conflicts have developed in recent times. But just at the time when the control of the Islamic State in that area began to weaken and when the Palestinian factions agreed on a single government, a new chapter emerges in its history: the recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel by the United States.
It seems that President Donald Trump has overlooked that from the religious, cultural, geographical and historical point of view Jerusalem is a fundamental city for Jews, Christians and Muslims. A decision like this should only be taken after an extensive dialogue that considers the positions of all the involved parts. The reactions provoked by this initiative do a disservice to a dream of peace in the Middle East. Good diplomacy has always been based on intelligence and careful planning, not on the rapture or populist impulses intended to divert attention from public opinion. Jerusalem and the Middle East deserve a better foreign policy from around the world …La Prensa, Dec, 11
Denver is in the full swing of the holidays and there are lots of festive events to get you ready. Start off your week with a steamy viewing of the Tom of Finland Release and end it by helping those in need at Impact Christmas Sack Lunches. Whatever you end up doing this week, see what is happening with this roundup of events.
Monday, December 11
Tom of Finland Release
When: December 11-14, 2-9 p.m.
Where: Landmark's Chez Artiste Theatre, 2800 S Colorado Blvd., Denver
Cost: $11.50 get tickets here
The Lowdown: The Landmark's Chez Artiste Theatre presents Tom of Finland Release. Tom of Finland follows the journey of Touko Laaksonen, played by Pekka Strang, finding out his place in the world, while creating erotic fantasy drawings of gay men. Touka finds that his artwork becomes famous under his pseudonym Tom of Finland. In order to bring expand his name and work, he travels to California amidst the age of sexual revolution in the '70's. The film was created by Dome Karukoski.
Granny Dances to a Holiday Drum
When: December 11-17, 2-7:30 p.m.
Where: Cleo Parker Robinson Dance Theatre, 119 Park Ave W., Denver
Cost: $40 get tickets here
The Lowdown: The Cleo Parker Robinson Dance Ensemble welcomes back Granny Dances to a Holiday Drum for its 26th season. The performance features a journey of Granny, throughout her lifetime of dancing to special historic holiday events. Dancers will present a multicultural storytelling celebration of all the people of the world.
Tuesday, December 12
Dinosaurs of the Great Red Island
When: December 12, 7-8:30 p.m.
Where: Denver Museum of Nature and Science, 2001 Colorado Blvd., Denver
Cost: $10 tickets available here
The Lowdown: The Denver Museum of Nature and Science opens a new dinosaur exhibit with Dinosaurs of the Great Red Island. What is the Great Red Island? Another name for it is Madagascar, a tropical island known for vanilla and rare animal species. The Exhibit features new discoveries of dinosaurs, whose fossils were preserved, from around 67 million years ago. You can meet the largest known frog, Beelzebufo or the magnificent Majungasaurus. Fossil hunters will fill you in on how amazing these discoveries really are and how important the Great Red Island is in the effort to learn more about the creatures who once roamed our Earth.
Star Wars Quiz Show
When: December 12, 8-10 p.m.
Where: Ratio Beerworks, 2920 Larimer St., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Ratio Beerworks presents another night of Ratio Quiz Show, this time striking back with the power of Star Wars. Test your intergalactic knowledge with a team of five to compete for prizes and flex your brain muscles for a night.
Wednesday, December 13
ELF The Musical
When: December 13-17, 7:30-10 p.m.
Where: Denver Center for the Performing Arts, 1101 13th St., Denver
Cost: $25-$100 tickets available here
The Lowdown: Get your Christmas on at ELF The Musical. ELF The Musical is based on the hit Christmas movie Elf. Follow the journey of Buddy the elf as he finds his father and learns about the world outside of the North Pole. The sugar filled musical is sure to get you into the holiday mood.
Fit and Fold
When: December 13, 6:30-8 p.m.
Where: McNichols Building, 144 W Colfax, Denver
Cost: $12 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Release some holiday tension and worries at Fit and Fold. The 75 minute class will feature SoundOff headphones that provide music and instruction from Jillian Keaveny. The first half of the class will focus on strength and cardio, while the second half will stretch and relax your body through yoga. A vendor village will provide snacks and more after the class.
Women Entrepreneurs Spotlight Breakfast
When: December 13, 7:30-9 a.m.
Where: The Commons on Champa, 1245 Champa St., Denver
Cost: Free, RSVP here
The Lowdown: Gather for a presentation of boss ladies at the Women Entrepreneurs Spotlight Breakfast. The breakfast series will feature stories from Denver's top female company founders and more. The event is presented by The Downtown Denver Partnership's Women Council.
Thursday, December 14
Holiday Party
When: December 14, 7-10 p.m.
Where: Platform at Union Station, 1650 Wewatta St., Denver
Cost: Donations at the door
The Lowdown: Help raise funds for the Children's Hospital Colorado at a Holiday Party. The Young Professionals Chapter will host a party with live music from JMICI, an open bar and more. You can snack on food and sip on drinks as you donate to a good cause. There will be donations at the door in place of ticket purchases.
Women's Avalanche Awareness Classroom
When: December 14, 8-10 p.m.
Where: Wilderness Exchange Unlimited, 2401 15th St. #100, Denver
Cost: Free and open to public
The Lowdown: Hey ladies, learn about how to protect yourself while skiing and snowboarding at a Women's Avalanche Awareness Classroom. The classroom is women only and teaches you how to keep yourself from nature's dangers while killing it on the slopes. As you learn more about snow safety, you can sip on some beer from Upslope Brewing Company. Donations are welcome and will go towards Friends of Berthoud Pass.
Curators' Talk
When: December 14, 7-8:30 p.m.
Where: Museum of Contemporary Art Denver 1485 Delgany Street Denver,
Cost: $10 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Learn about the MCA's exhibition Saber Acomodar at a Curators' Talk. Curator Partick Charpenel will be joined by artist Eduardo Sarabia to discuss the culture of the cities Guadalajara and Jalisco in Mexico. They will also talk about how the exhibition features the two citie's cultures and how they allow artisans in those regions to create with ateliers as production partners.
Friday, December 15
Tiger Party
When: December 15, 9 p.m.
Where: Ophelia's Electric Soapbox, 1215 20th St., Denver
Cost: $13-$27 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Ophelia's invites you to celebrate the holidays with a bash at the Tiger Party. The event will feature live music from Allen Aucoin from The Disco Biscuits, The New Mastersounds and of course, Tiger Party. You do not want to miss out on a night to party your pants off.
A Colorado Christmas
When: December 15-17, 7:30-9:15 p.m.
Where: Boettcher Concert Hall, 1000 14th St., Denver
Cost: $20-$94 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Jam out to live music at A Colorado Christmas. The event will feature songs from The Nutcracker, Too Hot to Handel and more. You can also sing along if you know the words to any of the songs. Santa and Mrs. Claus will be there to make sure if you have been naughty or nice this year, so don't miss a chance to fill the night with Christmas sounds.
Holiday Carousel
When: December 15- January 2 2018, 11 a.m. – 9 p.m.
Where: Denver Pavilions 500 15th St., Denver
Cost: $3 per ride
The Lowdown: The Holiday Carousel is back by popular demand. The carousel will run all through December and bring in the new year with New Year's Eve rides. The ride will bring you back to your childhood years with magic and Christmas cheer. All proceeds from the rides will go toward Food Bank for the Rockies.
Star Wars Art Exhibition
When: December 15-17, 5-7 p.m.
Where: Incredible Art Gallery, 1020 15th St. Unit 1V, Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: The Incredible Art Gallery opens a Star Wars Art Exhibition celebrating the upcoming Star Wars movie, The Last Jedi. The Exhibition will feature live artists Christopher Clark, Matt Achziger and Ric Yancey. Everyone who attends will get a free Star Wars print by Christopher Clark and have the chance to get it signed. Drink and hot sandwiches from South Philly Cheese Steak Golden will fuel your love of Star Wars art.
Move Along to Here!
When: December 15, 7-10 p.m.
Where: Redline Denver, 2350 Arapahoe St., Denver
Cost: $15-$50 suggested donation, get tickets here
The Lowdown: Learn about tiny home villages and how you can help the housing shortage in Denver at Move Along to Here! The party joins the Alternative Solutions Advocacy Project in raising funds for the Colorado Village Collaborative. The event will feature entertainment, drinks and all of the Sexy pizza you could possibly want.
Saturday, December 16
Sculptural Space
When: December 16-17, 12-3 p.m.
Where: Denver Art Museum, 100 W 14th Ave., Denver
Cost: Free with $10 museum admission
The Lowdown: The Denver Art Museum welcomes Drew Austin for a live art demonstration called Sculptural Space. The demonstration will feature his six-hour art installation process as he turns a false wall into a sculptural masterpiece using sculpting and painting. Austin works on ways to bring the audience into the behind the scenes work, not just presenting his finished pieces.
Meraki Moon Anniversary
When: December 16, 6-9 p.m.
Where: Meraki Moon 3070 Blake St. Ste 100, Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Celebrate one year of business at the Meraki Moon Anniversary. Complimentary drinks, treats and DIYs will entertain you as you peruse what Meraki Moon has to offer. The entire store will also be 20 percent and all purchases over $100 will get you a free hat or scarf.
Sunday, December 17
A Christmas Story
When: December 17, 6-9 p.m.
Where: The Curtis Hotel, 1405 Curtis St., Denver
Cost: Free, get tickets here
The Lowdown: The Curtis Hotel wraps up the Very Merry Curtis Holiday Movie Night series with A Christmas Story. Head down for a free viewing of the Christmas classic A Christmas Story and snack on popcorn or sip on some hot chocolate from an adult hot chocolate bar. The movie follows a holiday journey of little Ralphie Parker as all he wants is a Red Ryder Carbine Action 200-shot Range Model air rifle.
Nude Yoga
When: December 17, 8-9 p.m.
Where: Release Studio, 1201 Santa Fe Dr. Suite D, Denver
Cost: $18 sign up here
The Lowdown: Push you comfort levels at Nude Yoga. The women-only class will focus on building self-esteem, getting rid of self doubt and helping you get comfortable in your own skin. The class will be led by Yogi Roo. So shed your clothes and appreciate the female form.
White Christmas Showtune Sing-A-Long
When: December 17, 2-4 p.m.
Where: Sie FilmCenter, 2510 E Colfax Ave., Denver
Cost: $11 get tickets here
The Lowdown: Put on a holiday costume and head down to a White Christmas Showtune Sing-A-Long. You get to sing-a-long to one of the most successful movie musicals of all time and sip on Bloody Marys or Mimisosas while belting out those notes.
Linking Asia
When: December 17- April 1 2018, 10 a.m. – 8 p.m.
Where: Denver Art Museum, 100 W 14th Ave., Denver
Cost: Free with $10 museum admission
The Lowdown: Linking Asia, a new exhibition opens at the Denver Art Museum. The exhibition features art from all across the Asian continent and from multiple time periods. One hundred and fifty sculptures, scrolls and more from 20 different countries that over 2,000 years will be showcased. The exhibition will delve more into the exchanges of values and techniques along the Silk Road trade routes and how they developed throughout Asia.
Impact Christmas Sack Lunches
When: December 17, 12:30-3:30 p.m.
Where: Cervantes Masterpiece Ballroom, 2635 Welton St., Denver
Cost: $10-$20, sign up here
The Lowdown: Take time out of your busy holiday season to help the homeless at with Impact Christmas Sack Lunches. You can join other to make sack lunches or gather clothing to hand out to homeless individuals in downtown Denver. Not only will it help those in need this Christmas, but it will also put you on the nice list. Your efforts can and will help those who need it most this winter.
Want this list before everyone else?
Mark Your Calendar
Waitress
When: December 19-31, 7:30-10 p.m.
Where: Denver Center for the Performing Arts, 1101 13th St., Denver
Cost: $30-$115 tickets available here
Ugly Christmas Sweater Fiesta
When: December 21, 3-11 p.m.
Where: Brewability Lab, 12445 E 39th Ave. #314, Denver
Cost: Free admission
Too Hot to Handel
When: December 22-23, 7:30-9:30 p.m.
Where: Boettcher Concert Hall, 1000 14th St., Denver
Cost: $20-$94 tickets available here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pet owner has become the first in Cambridge to be prosecuted for leaving dog mess in a Cambridge park.
Jacob Hackin, of Shelly Row, Castle, was ordered to pay a fine and costs by city magistrates after he was spotted failing to clear up dog fouling at Midsummer Common by one of the city council's enforcement officers and was issued with a fixed penalty notice as an alternative to prosecution.
When he failed to pay the fine the matter was referred to the court.
Hackin attended court on Thursday, January 19 for failing to clear up dog fouling and entered a plea of guilty. In mitigation Hackin said he was “stupid” not to have paid the fixed penalty notice.
He was ordered to pay a fine of £75, as well as a contribution towards the council's costs of £125 and a £30 victim surcharge.
Between April 2015 and March 2016, the council issued a total of 15 fixed penalty notices for dog fouling in Cambridge, of which 93 per cent paid within the 14-day period.
The money collected from the fixed penalties is invested into the upkeep of streets, parks and other public spaces.
Cllr Anna Smith, executive councillor for streets and open spaces, said: “All dog owners or handlers are responsible for clearing up after their dog. In the city we provide lots of dog poo and litter bins for people to be able to use on both our streets and parks, and if people really can't find a bin they should take their dogs' mess away with them.
“The vast majority of people are rightly proud of their city and do their utmost to keep it clean and tidy. I hope this first prosecution for dog fouling sends a clear message that people who don't pick up their dogs' mess will not be tolerated in Cambridge.”
Wedding day could be the most auspicious and vital day of one's life and its gorgeous snapshots are just about the most important items within the most precious treasure box of memories. Weddings are an altogether collection of your unique ceremonies and capturing its each and every single flavor is really a complex job which requires proper mechanism and precision. Get extra information about Wedding photos
Professional wedding photography solutions came into the picture with the drastic growth in demand for capturing the wedding snapshots inside a ideal way. This arena of photography will depend on specific critical factors like the photography devices, artistic method as well as the relevant knowledge to capture graceful and attractive wedding moments. Hiring an expert wedding photographer enables one particular to get additional extraordinary photographs thereby raising the charm from the memories.
Style
One of the essential components which one ought to seek for is definitely an efficacious sense of style. By hiring a competent wedding photography experienced whose style matches up to the particular requirements and preferences enables the wedding couple to acquire the ideal appear. 1 can do a brief study about the distinctive types of wedding photography and thereby hire a wedding photographer who is effectively skilled in that certain type.
Accustomed with High-End Devices
Specialist wedding photographers are familiar with the sophisticated camera as well as other sophisticated devices which capture of the images within a precise way. In addition, they use certain backup equipments also to prevent the failures and uncertainties throughout the occasion. Ranging in the camera stand to battery chargers to other needed tools they love suitable access to quite a few added accessories, lenses and lights which may well require at the time of capturing photos.
Typical Operates and Flow of Time
With relevant knowledge, the authorities can cope with each of the noted possibilities of your wedding day and in comparison to the other non-professional photographers, they could deal with any type of situation and provide normal function. In addition, these keen pros are efficient in producing ideal use of timing and flow for image capturing. They capture beautiful pictures within a systematic way which can feature many human feelings with spontaneity and laughter.
Reliability and Communication
1 should hire an expert wedding photographer who can communicate nicely using the entire bridal ceremony members. Normally, they may be in a position to capture the real emotions on the members with the wedding party by interacting with them within a relaxing and compassionate way.
Skilled wedding photographers offer photography solutions with a perfect blend of quality and creativity. The key advantage of capturing the most treasured photographs of wedding ceremony by a professional wedding photographer is the fact that they will make the folks look inside a all-natural and elegant way thereby raising the overall charm and beauty of them.
Politico has obtained rare footage of the ex-wife of President Donald Trump's labor secretary nominee appearing anonymously on The Oprah Winfrey Show in 1990, where she alleged spousal abuse. "I will see you in the gutter. This will never be over. You will pay for this," Lisa Fierstein alleged the labor secretary nominee, Andrew Puzder, told her in an episode titled "High Class Battered Women."
Puzder, the CKE Restaurants CEO, is slated for his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday although four Republicans have said they are "withholding support," possibly jeopardizing his nomination. In addition to allegations that he abused his wife, Puzder faces trouble due to pushback from labor rights activists and his admission that he and his wife once employed an undocumented immigrant as a part-time housekeeper.
When Fierstein appeared on Oprah, she was already divorced from Puzder — their separation was finalized in 1987 — and disguised by large sunglasses and a wig and used an assumed name. Another woman who appeared in the episode supplied the video to Politico, and senators on the HELP committee have also reviewed the tape, which was supplied to them by the Oprah Winfrey Network but had not been made available to the public.
In a petition seeking $350,000 in damages, Fierstein also alleged Puzder "assaulted and battered me by striking me violently about the face, chest, back, shoulders, and neck, without provocation or cause" and left "bruises and contusions to the chest, back, shoulders, and neck" as well as "two ruptured discs and two bulging discs." The petition was ultimately dismissed "on the grounds that Puzder's divorce agreement had already settled all Fierstein's prior claims against him," Politico writes.
Samsung fans are eagerly awaiting the release of the company's flagship smartphones - Galaxy S8 and S8+ in India tomorrow. With just a day left for the launch of these phones, Flipkart has put up a teaser for these phones confirming that the Galaxy S8 duo will be available on the site.
There is no mention if the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ will be exclusive to Flipkart. Eventually, the smartphones might be listed on the other e-commerce websites such as Amazon as well. Besides the online retailers, the Samsung offline stores across the country will also sell these flagship smartphones. The pricing and availability details of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ will be revealed tomorrow at the launch event.
Also Read: Samsung India now sends out Galaxy S8 and S8+ press invites
Samsung is believed to release these smartphones in three color options such as Maple Gold, Coral Blue, and Midnight Black in the country. Both the smartphones have almost similar specifications except for the battery capacity and display size. As the Snapdragon 835 variant of the Samsung flagships is meant only for the U.S. market, these phones will be released in India with the Exynos 8895 SoC.
Also Read: Top 5 features you should know about the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus
To refresh on the specifications, the Galaxy S8 is given a 5.8-inch QHD 1440p Super AMOLED display whereas the Plus variant sports a 6.2-inch QHD 1440p Super AMOLED display. Both the displays have the Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection on top. The Exynos SoC is paired with 4GB RAM and 64GB default memory capacity that can be expanded up to 256GB via a microSD card. Notably, there will be hybrid dual SIM support in these smartphones.
The Galaxy S8 and S8+ will bestow a 12MP Dual Pixel main snapper with OIS and f/1.7 aperture. Up front, there is an 8MP front-facing camera on board these phones. The connectivity features include 4G LTE, Bluetooth 5.0, USB Type-C port, and NFC. There is also support for Samsung Pay, an iris scanner, facial recognition, and a fingerprint sensor as well. The battery capacity of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ is 3000mAh and 3500mAh respectively.
Boise, (ID) - Attorney General Lawrence Wasden has announced investigators with his Idaho Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) Unit arrested a Boise man Friday, February 2, for alleged Sexual Exploitation of a Child.
72-year-old W. Thomas Faucher was being transported to the Ada County Jail following his arrest. Investigators had obtained a search warrant for Faucher's Boise residence and executed the warrant Friday afternoon. The investigation began with a tip from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
The Ada County Prosecutor's Office assisted the ICAC Unit.
Anyone with information regarding the exploitation of children is encouraged to contact local police, the Attorney General's ICAC Unit at 208-334-4527, or the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children at 1-800-843-5678.
The Attorney General's ICAC Unit works with the Idaho ICAC Task Force, a coalition of federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies, to investigate and prosecute individuals who use the internet to criminally exploit children.
Local News > Archive > June 2017 > 14
<< "Shots fired in failed robbery Monday" -
Car hits Highway Patrol station
By Steve Herring
Published in News on June 14, 2017 6:45 PM
Full Size News-Argus/STEVE HERRING At right Trooper Nolan Sanders holds a sign that was run over by the car that struck the patrol station. At left is Trooper J.P. Reyes.
A driver was taken to Wayne Memorial Hospital Tuesday afternoon after a car struck the back of the Highway Patrol station on West Grantham Street.
Officers said they think the driver accidentally stepped on the gas instead of the brakes.
No one was in the area of the building that was struck.
There appeared to be little damage to the building or car.
arthur.staple@newsday.com
Enjoy it, but don't be satisfied with it. That was Claude Julien's post-Game 3 messages to his Canadiens players Sunday night after their dominant 3-1 win over the Rangers, a game that at times looked like a continuation of the third period and overtime from Game 2.
On Friday night, the desperate Canadiens poured on the pressure to rally for a tie with 17.3 seconds left and won in OT to avoid going down 2-0 in the series. On Sunday night in the friendly confines of Madison Square Garden — where the Canadiens haven't lost in their last five visits, dating to Game 6 of the 2014 Eastern Conference finals — Montreal not only generated the better chances but bamboozled the Rangers' speed attack from the start.
“I thought in the first two games, we gave up too many scoring chances, too many Grade A ones, too,” Shea Weber said. “We were giving them a lot of room in close. I thought we did a better job of protecting Carey tonight.”
Carey Price came within 2:56 of a shutout, but even at that, he wasn't severely tested. The Rangers finished with 47 shots, 21 on net, but a dozen of those attempts came after Alex Radulov's pretty solo effort made it 3-0 with 4:25 to play.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Price had to make only 12 saves through the first two periods, six in an opening frame that featured two Rangers power plays. Special teams were a huge factor, obviously, with Artturi Lehkonen's icebreaking goal on the power play late in the second and Weber's back-breaker on the tail end of a four-minute advantage in the third, but the Canadiens set the tone by disrupting the Rangers' ability to play with speed either at even strength, during which the Rangers mustered only 18 shots, or on the power play.
“In a series like this and with the speed they have, the neutral zone is so important,” Brendan Gallagher said. “The first game, we didn't generate much, and it wasn't because we weren't working. The last two games, we've just been smarter.
“They've got a guy on every line who can fly. Our D has real ly been up to the challenge to break those plays up. You know that's how they want to play, and we were able to neutralize it.”
The Canadiens capitalized with a couple of pretty passing plays on the power play and a strong effort from the emotional Radulov, who has been Montreal's energetic focal point since he set up Tomas Plekanec's tying goal with 17.3 seconds left in the third period Friday night. Radulov has five points in the three games.
“We've got to stick with the game we played, maybe be a little bit better,” Radulov said. “We can't get any breakdowns.”
With a 2-1 series lead, Gallagher relayed Julien's postgame message. “We know how they feel over there [Rangers] because it's exactly how we felt after Game 1,” he said. “We can enjoy this for a couple hours, but they're going to come out harder and more desperate in Game 4, so we obviously have to match that.”
Linebacker Sean Lee returned after missing three straight games with a hamstring injury, making it five overall that he has missed. He had one of two late interceptions to help the Cowboys win the turnover battle for the second straight week after going minus-7 in the three straight losses.
With Oakland coming after the Giants, the Cowboys get a second straight opponent having a disappointing season that started with Super Bowl aspirations. Even though they had the prospect of Elliott's suspension hanging over them until it finally hit eight games in, the Cowboys had the same hopes.
Dallas is the only one of the three with a realistic chance to do something about it, and even those hopes are up for debate.
"For us, it is playoff time because of the situation that we're in," said receiver Cole Beasley, who had a 54-yard catch to set up Jason Witten's 20-yard TD grab against the Giants. "Guys are going to keep pushing to get victories because that's the type of guys that we have in this room."
If the Cowboys beat the Raiders, they are guaranteed a chance to match Seattle's record and hold the tiebreaker on the Seahawks by beating them at home in Elliott's return. At the moment, though, Seattle is the first team outside the playoff picture in the NFC.
"Margin of error is still small, and there are still a lot of good teams in the NFC that are playing well," Lee said. "We know we have to really continue to win if we want to put ourselves in good position."
___
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Schuyler Dixon, The Associated Press
Geri (Perowitz) and Don Wheeler of North Branch will celebrate their 50th Wedding Anniversary with an Open House at their home on September 2 from 2-7 p.m. They were married on September 11, 1967 at Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Flensburg, MN.
With reports of a fox behaving aggressively near Wood River Road, ADF&G area management biologist encourages caution.
The Alaska Department of Fish and Game in Dillingham has received reports of a fox behaving oddly along Wood River Road this week. A bicyclist reported that the animal has been somewhat aggressive, snarling and snapping its teeth. It has followed a car and tried to bite the fender, and it has also been seen foaming at the mouth.
“All of these signs are kind of indicative of an animal with rabies, to be honest,” said Neil Barten, area management biologist with ADF&G. “He hasn't seen it again, but there are a lot of foxes around. I just want people to understand that if they see a fox acting funny, being unafraid, even approaching them, do not approach the fox and stay away from it."
In addition to posing a health risk to humans, rabid foxes are also a danger to pets. Barten recommended dog owners ensure their dogs' rabies vaccinations are current. If you spot a fox that may have rabies you can report it to the ADF&G office in Dillingham at 907-842-2334.
Contact the author at avery@kdlg.org or 907-842-5281.
OCEANSIDE, Calif. — A single-vehicle collision turned fatal Tuesday morning, said Oceanside Police Department.
Around 3:45 a.m., police responded to a crash on SR-76 and Canyon Drive. Officers say they found a driver trapped in a vehicle upon arrival.
Oceanside Fire Department used Jaws of Life to remove the victim who was taken to Scripps Memorial Hospital in Encinitas where she died from her injuries.
The victim was identified as a 68-year-old female.
Her name is being withheld pending notification of family members.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation
Federal safety regulators say that at least four people have died following head-on crashes in Hyundai and Kia cars in which the airbags did not deploy.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it's investigating the airbags in 2011 Hyundai Sonatas and 2012 and 2013 Kia Fortes after it received reports the devices failed to deploy in six different crashes that resulted in injuries, including the four involving fatalities.
There are an estimated 425,000 cars on US roads that could be affected by the problem, according to the NHTSA's review, which was made public on Saturday.
Hyundai announced earlier this month that it plans to recall 155,000 of the 2011 Sonatas due to a short circuit in the controller that deploys the airbags. But it has yet to recall the cars because it does not yet have a fix in place. The automaker said it will notify owners by April 20.
Hyundai's initial recall statement did not mention that any deaths or injuries had occurred in the cars with faulty airbags. When asked about the NHTSA's investigation, it said the four accidents involving Sonatas resulted in two deaths and two injuries. It described the accidents as "rare and unique."
"These accidents included a very high rate of speed and a severe offset head-on collision to the front driver side of the vehicle," said the company. "We are actively investigating what exactly causes the airbag control unit to become damaged in these specific types of accidents."
Kia, which is also owned by Hyundai Motors but operates as a separate company in the US, has not announced any recalls for the Forte related to the airbag. Kia said it is working with NHTSA but that it "has not confirmed any airbag non-deployments arising from the potential chip issue."
The airbags were made by ZF-TRW, according to the NHTSA filing. Spokespersons for VF-TRW did not respond to a request for comment.
The largest auto recall in the nation's history involved 50 million airbags made by supplier Takata for 37 million cars across most major automakers. Those airbags, which exploded and sent shrapnel into the car's occupants, have been tied to at least 13 U.S. deaths and more than 200 injuries, according to NHTSA.
Las Cruces police are continuing to investigate Monday evening's shooting on Athenian Way that resulted in the death of a 17-year-old boy.
Shortly before 7 p.m. Monday, April 23, police responded to the report of shots fired on Athenian Way, just south of Foothills Road. Officers then received information that a shooting victim had been transported by private vehicle to the nearby Mountainview Regional Medical Center.
The victim, identified as 17-year-old Jovon Solomon, was airlifted to University Medical Center of El Paso where he succumbed to his injuries. Investigators learned that Solomon received at least two gunshot wounds to his neck or upper chest.
Investigators have reason to believe Solomon may have been a passenger in a white Acura Integra that was located Monday evening on the 3500 block of Foothills. Investigators believe drivers of the Acura and a dark-color sedan were engaged in a pursuit that was traveling north on Athenian toward Foothills when shots were fired. It's possible that gunshots were being exchanged between occupants of both vehicles.
Anyone with information relevant to this case is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477. Tips can also be submitted through the Las Cruces Crime Stoppers app. The app, “P3 TIPS,” can be found on Google Play or iTunes. Those who provide tips through Crime Stoppers do not have to provide their own name and can remain completely anonymous.
Information from Las Cruces Police
Parents, carers, providers and all those with an interest in early years and childcare are being urged to respond to a Scottish Government consultation before it closes next week.
It seeks views on the wide range of policy options available to deliver the Scottish Government's commitment to almost double free early learning and childcare to 1140 hours per year by 2020.
Mark McDonald, minister for Childcare and Early Years, said: “We know the early years are a crucial time in every child's life and evidence shows that access to high quality early learning and childcare (ELC) is key to improving attainment. By giving Scotland's young people the best possible start in life we can ensure they develop the skills and confidence they need to reach their full potential.
“Parents and carers also benefit from a high quality, flexible system of ELC as it helps to support routes in to work, training or further study which may not have previously been accessible.
“That is why the Scottish Government is committed to almost doubling the free ELC entitlement to 1140 hours per year by 2020.
“We are at a pivotal moment in developing the policy approach which will determine how the expansion is delivered, and I recently announced a number of trials to test new ways of providing childcare.
“At the same time, we are also formally consulting on the wide range of policy options available to us, for example whether childminders or organisations with a wider social remit, such as charities or social enterprises, have a greater role to play.
“There is one week left for people across Scotland to have their say on how our new ELC policy should be shaped, and I urge everyone with a view to respond to our consultation before it closes on January 9.”
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:02 Look at the massive water flow of Feather River, Sacramento River and Lake Oroville
0:37 American Red Cross operates shelter at Cal Expo
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:58 Boy celebrates third birthday in evacuation shelter in Chico with help of CHP officers
1:16 Evacuees wait to return after Oroville Dam threat: 'This is not happening'
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
There is traffic chaos heading into Warwick this morning due to three-way signals on the junction of Greville Road and Emscote Road.
The lights are in place due to ongoing work to repair a burst water main just outside The RiverCross restaurant on Emscote Road.
Traffic is already backed up to Princes Drive and Rugby Road is also at a near standstill.
RAWALPINDI: The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) is likely to finalise national and provincial assembly candidates for the upcoming general elections at a party meeting in the first week of April, according to a local English daily.
All the provincial heads of the PTI will attend the party meeting to review expected candidates in various constituencies, according to the publication. The party is likely to announce its candidates before the announcement of the general election schedule, so that no local leaders join other parties, told a senior party leader to the publication.
The leader also said that there are a number of issues in Punjab, especially north Punjab areas where the local party chapters are divided into groups. There is a set party policy to select candidates for party tickets who had performed well in the 2013 elections.
According to the PTI leader, candidates who got 40,000 and above votes in the last elections will be considered for the national assembly, whereas ones who got 25,000 and above votes will be considered for the provincial assemblies.
While reading some of the comments re housing in your General Debate I had a mental picture of Phil Twyford rabbiting on about the topic, a mental picture that raises my blood pressure!
Twyford appears to believe that thousands of houses can be conjured up almost overnight. In reality that is not the case, as anyone who has built a house will know, and dealing with the council is a major part of the delay. A few years ago we sub-divided our own land in order to build a new house, and that was the first consent that was needed. There were then several more consents needed, including a search for possible asbestos contamination.
One would expect to be given a list to be actioned so that all could be requested, and granted, in the shortest possible time. But, no, they were handed out one at a time … as one was granted, we were given the next, so that our building project was delayed by six months AND we paid $73,000 to the council, a payment that included a Reserve Contribution of $22,000.
So, $73,000 before the first sod had been turned! Somehow these delays and costs don't get reported. We only get the emotional outpourings.
Another point .. in any major city in any country in the world, it is difficult, almost impossible, to buy affordable housing near the city centre. Sydney would be be a prime example of this and in all popular destinations the cost of land is the major contributor.
Web Desk: The animated family film Coco has topped the box office for a third time in theatres. The movie managed to earn $18.3 million last weekend. It brings its domestic total to $135.5 and it's worldwide total reached to $389.5 million.
Warner Bros. and DC's Justice League stand at second with $9.5 million and domestically earned $212 million. Wonder stands at third with $8.4 million. The Disaster Artist managed to earn $6.4 million, with a worldwide total $9.7 million.
Marvel Studios' movie Thor: Ragnarok occupied fifth position in theatre with $6.2 million.
Source: Indianexpress
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Arizona St. 95, Kansas 85<
Cleveland St. 89, Notre Dame (Ohio) 56<
Iowa 91, Southern U. 60<
Iowa St. 78, Alcorn St. 58<
N. Iowa 80, Dubuque 47<
Ohio 89, W. Kentucky 84<
SIU-Edwardsville 76, South Alabama 75<
South Dakota 75, E. Washington 73<
Wis.-Stout 84, Finlandia 57<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Justice Neil Gorsuch heard his first arguments from the Supreme Court bench Monday after having been formally sworn in a week ago. Gorsuch was not shy during his debut, asking questions early and often; it took just 11 minutes for him to pipe up during his first of the three cases.
"He employed a bit of humor, expressed a modicum of humility, showed a hint of irritation, and even channeled Justice Antonin Scalia, the man he replaced, with a touch of sarcasm," The Associated Press reports. And "while some of the other justices slouched, rocked back in their chairs, or leaned their chin or forehead on their hands, Gorsuch sat straight in his high-backed chair, to the far left of Chief Justice John Roberts."
Fox News additionally notes that throughout the arguments Gorsuch "remained focused — not even chatting with his 'bench neighbor,' Justice Sonia Sotomayor," and that he "repeatedly pressed lawyers from both sides with his positions."
Gorsuch's first argument was fairly complicated, having to do with determining which court federal employees go to with some discrimination claims. But the new justice got a laugh when lawyer Christopher Landau said, "I think I am maybe emphatically agreeing with you," and Gorsuch interrupted to say, "I hope so."
As he is now the most junior member of the Supreme Court, Gorsuch will relieve Justice Elena Kagan of duties such as answering the door when the court meets for closed-door conferences and taking notes at the meetings. He will also vote last, which puts him in the position to be a tiebreaker in cases that fall along ideological lines. Jeva Lange
Few fault Trump China flip
President Donald Trump Sunday morning defended his willingness to trade away a big trade issue in exchange for help in defusing the North Korean nuclear threat, reports Newsday's Emily Ngo.
“Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!” Trump tweeted Sunday.
That's fine with some senators from both parties who have been Trump foreign-policy critics.
On NBC's “Meet the Press,” Sen. Jack Reed (D-R.I.) said China's “key role in North Korea potentially can't be sort of jeopardized by going after them as currency manipulators.” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said “China is the key” to the U.S. effort and the currency issue “may be part of the overall relationship.”
A dissent came from Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), who like Trump has pointed to China's history of keeping its currency's value artificially low to boost exports. Trump shouldn't abandon the position so readily, Schumer said in reply to Trump's tweet:
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“You have it backwards. If you're tough on China on trade it'd help American workers & they'd be more willing to help with North Korea.”
‘All options' on table
The failure of North Korea's latest missile test provided no respite from tensions.
National Security Adviser Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster said on ABC's “This Week” that “this problem is coming to a head” and “all of our options are on the table, undergoing refinement and further development.”
But he emphasized the United States hopes not to use military force. Deputy National Security Adviser K.T. McFarland, on Fox News Sunday, said the United States needs to give China “some time” to pressure North Korea.
The swamp is a naive pool
The Trump administration is secretly issuing waivers of ethics rules so it can fill jobs with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants who, in many cases, are working on policies for the same industries they just came from, according to reporting by The New York Times and ProPublica.
The president already had eliminated an ethics provision that prohibits lobbyists from joining agencies they lobbied in the prior two years. Trump White House officials had over 300 recent corporate clients, according to an analysis of financial disclosures.
Regulations in the bull's-eye
At Trump's invitation, American manufacturers have submitted scores of suggestions for ways the government could cut regulations and make it easier for companies to get their projects approved, The Washington Post reported.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Administration officials said many of the ideas are likely to get approved. The proposals include easing environmental and worker-safety rules.
For example, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce The Chamber also wants to jettison a requirement that employers report their injury and illness records electronically to the Labor Department so they can be posted “on the internet for anyone to see.”
Point of no returns
Trump tweeted that “someone should look into who paid for” the demonstrations in dozens of cities Saturday calling upon him to release his income tax returns. The marches were sponsored by a coalition of 69 organizations, The Washington Post said.
He also said it should be a dead issue because “The election is over!” Those who disagree say Americans deserve to know about his business ties and potential conflicts of interest. On Long Island, more than 200 protested outside IRS offices in Hauppauge, Newsday's Joan Gralla reports.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Trump bends to reality
Much of Trump's abrupt policy changes have occurred against the backdrop of nationalist Steve Bannon losing internal White House battles with more moderate voices such as Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump and Gary Cohn.
But a bigger factor, says an analysis in The Atlantic, is that Trump is following a path of less resistance.
While his campaign agenda resonated with his voters and some in right-wing media, it hasn't swayed the more powerful GOP institutions — think tanks, interest groups, business and many in Congress.
What else is happening:
Sparta recovered from a slow start with s strong second half, as the Lady Spartan strikers upended La Crosse Logan 2-1 in Mississippi Valley Conference girls soccer action at Sparta High School Thu
Full text available to online subscribers only. To purchase an online subscription, please click here. If you are an online subscriber, please click here to login.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Around 50 witnesses could be called to a hearing in March to determine if there is enough evidence for Vatican finance chief Cardinal George Pell to stand trial on sex abuse charges, a court heard on Friday.
The 76-year-old, a top adviser to Pope Francis, is accused of multiple historical sexual offences relating to incidents that allegedly occurred long ago.
He is the most senior Catholic cleric to be charged with criminal offences linked to the church's long-running sexual abuse scandal.
The exact details and nature of the allegations against Pell have not been made public, other than they involve “multiple complainants”.
A frail-looking Pell returned to the Melbourne Magistrates Court Friday for a largely administrative matter in which March 5 was set for the start of a four-week committal hearing to decide if there is enough evidence from the prosecution for the case to go to trial.
Many of the details cannot be reported for legal reasons. But Magistrate Belinda Wallington said all witnesses would be allowed except five, meaning some 50 could be called up, including former choirboys.
“It is appropriate to allow people's memories to be further explored,” she said.
His barrister Robert Richter suggested it was “impossible” that some alleged incidents occurred at a Melbourne cathedral.
“We propose to demonstrate… that what was alleged was impossible,” he told Wallington.
Pell has not had to enter a plea yet, but at his first appearance at the same court in July he instructed his lawyer to make clear he intended to plead not guilty.
“For the avoidance of doubt and because of the interest, I might indicate that Cardinal Pell pleads not guilty to all charges and will maintain the presumed innocence that he has,” Richter said at the time.
Pell, a former Sydney and Melbourne archbishop, was not required to attend the hearing Friday.
But Australia's most powerful Catholic again opted to appear, having previously vowed to defend himself and clear his name after a two-year investigation led to him being charged on June 29.
Musician Bob Dorough, 94, best known as a composer and performer for ABC's educational series of short cartoons “Schoolhouse Rock!,” died of natural causes at his Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania, home on Monday, his son, Chris, said. Originally a jazz musician, he “set the multiplication tables to music” as musical director for the educational cartoon series between 1973 and 1985, according to his biography.
The cartoons, which returned to the airwaves from 1993 to 1999, focused on teaching children school subjects like history, math and grammar through songs set to animation. It began in 1971, when Dorough was approached by an advertising executive to put multiplication tables to music, leading to “Three Is a Magic Number” as well as a “Multiplication Rock” collection.
By 1973, the project evolved into the now-beloved “Schoolhouse Rock!” Some of Dorough's most memorable songs from the series include “Conjunction Junction,” “The Shot Heard 'Round the World,” and “I'm Just a Bill.” According to the Morning Call, Dorough still performed some of his “Schoolhouse Rock!” songs in live shows as recently as 2016.
An Arkansas native raised in Texas, Dorough first began playing music in his high school band, according to The Wrap. He later joined the Special Services Army Band Unit in 1943, and served there through the duration of World War II. After his service, he enrolled at the University of North Texas, where Dorough earned a music degree before moving to New York City in 1949 to pursue a life in the city's jazz scene.
His first record, “Devil May Care,” was released in 1956 via the New York-based Bethlehem Records. After its release, Dorough struck up a relationship with the jazz great Miles Davis and worked with him on tracks including “Blue Xmas,” “Nothing Like You,” and an instrumental version of the “Devil May Care” title track.
“I always dug Miles and would go to see him in New York City,” Dorough told the Inquirer in 2016. “But he was a very unapproachable cat. You'd say, ‘Hey, Miles, I really dug that set!' and he wouldn't stop. He might glance at you, but he didn't say a word. Years later, I was in L.A., and one of my friends related to me that he actually heard my LP when he was in town doing a three-week engagement, so I took her to the club and met him there, and we became pals for a minute.”
In the 1970s, Dorough began his work on “Schoolhouse Rock!” As he put it to the Inquirer, he “stumbled into that gig.”
“We had a captive audience — every Saturday, kids were eating cereal and watching cartoons, and some of them found ‘Schoolhouse Rock!' and got stuck on it,” he said. “If it were up to me, it would last forever, because there's always kids.” With AP
© REUTERS/ Philippe Wojazer French President Orders Measures on Protection Against Cyberattacks Before Elections
–
PARIS (Sputnik)Earlier Wednesday, French President Francois Hollande, during a meeting of the country's security council, ordered to provide him with information on measures of protection against cyberattacks in France before the upcoming presidential and parliamentary elections.
"We have no concerns specifically related to Russia. We know that there are websites and hackers that act. They have been established, some were mentioned in the media. There also are others, so the issue of cybersecurity is studied as a whole," Le Foll told reporters.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Global Non-Lethal Weapons Market by End User (Law Enforcement and Military & Defense), by Product Type (Direct Contact Weapons and Directed Energy Weapons), by Technology (Electromagnetic, Mechanical, and Chemicals) and by Geography – Forecast To 2021
Market Synopsis of Non-Lethal Weapons Market
The global Non-Lethal Weapons market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 9% during 2016-2021.The factors driving the demand are growing civilian & political unrest, and police militarization, thus resulting in the procurement of advanced weapon systems.
As per the MRFR analysis, the factor restraining the market growth is the concern raised by civilian over the usage of these weapons and regulatory issues would hinder the market growth in the forecast period.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1353
Key Findings
Law enforcement segment will grow at a CAGR of around 7.5% through 2021
Americas will dominate the market Whereas, APAC will register significant growth in the forecast period
Industry/ Innovation/ Related News:
March, 2018:- It was reported that the US military scientists were developing a laser cannon that shoots disembodied voices.
March, 2018:- It was reported by the US Pentagon that non-lethal laser technologies would be used during the riots.
Key Players
The leading market players in the Non-lethal weapons market primarily include Aardvark Tactical, BAE systems, General Dynamics, KRATOS Defense and Security Solutions, Lamperd Less Lethal. The other prominent players include Brügger & Thomet AG, Condor Non-Lethal Technologies, Metal Storm Ltd, Nonlethal Technologies Inc., Raytheon Co and TASER International, Inc.
Non-Lethal Weapons Market – Competitive Analysis
The global non-lethal weapons market is a highly fragmented market due to the presence of a large number of established manufacturers, small-sized vendors, and medium-sized vendors. The competitive environment in this market is likely to intensify, during the forecast period, with the increase in product extensions, technological innovations, and increase in the number of mergers and acquisitions. It is expected that international players may grow organically during the forecast period by acquiring smaller players.
Established companies are acquiring smaller companies that have a weak financial position and a low market share. Such acquisitions are helping major companies increase their market shares and their geographical presence. It is also helping them enhance their product portfolio. For instance, The Safariland Group acquired the explosive ordnance disposal and crew survivability businesses of Allen-Vanguard Corp., the leader in customized solutions for defeating terrorist and extremist threats.
Browse Complete Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/non-lethal-weapons-market-1353
The market report for Non-Lethal Weapons of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
Speaking during the opening of a Trade Ministry meeting, President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo expressed his disappointment over export figures, which fell behind other Southeast Asian Countries such as Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam.
“If we keep going on like this, we will be beaten by Cambodia and Laos,” he said during the meeting.
According to Trade Ministry data, the country's export value stood at US$168.7 billion in 2017, compared to Thailand's $236.69 billion, Vietnam's $213.77 billion and Malaysia's $219.45 billion, from January to November in 2017.
Jokowi said Indonesian Trade Promotion Centers (ITPC) had failed to open new markets for Indonesian products.
“We have had ITPCs for years, what they have done? If I see no improvement, I will disband them. The country has spent a lot of money, but we can't compete with our neighboring countries” he said.
Jokowi also criticized officials' lack of attention to markets in India and Bangladesh after they missed December's Asian International Trade Expo in Dhaka.
“Bangladesh has a population of 160 million, this is a big market but we missed the recent expo. We keep repeating our mistakes,” he said, adding that Indonesia needed to be more aggressive in participating in any potential trade expos that had the potential to boost trade.
Written by Madison Weaver.
Fourteen hours ago, Austin Blair posted a video on Facebook.
As of 2:30 p.m. today, the video, “Terror in the Testing Center,” amassed 8,500 views and was shared 106 times on Facebook.
Blair is a senior studying communication who recently switched his emphasis to video. The video features him as a student going to take a test, but the Testing Center is presented as a house of horrors.
“We love you testing center…but this is how we all feel about you,” Blair captioned the video on his Facebook page.
He tagged Riza Stevens, Austin Hastings, Jordan Stevens and Tyson Beckley – all students who helped create the video.
“The idea is a comical conceptualization of the Testing Center experience,” Jordan Stevens said. “The despair we all feel from taking tests, especially when we are unprepared, is what sparked this frightful piece.”
Austin Blair directed and wrote the video. Jordan Stevens was the director of photography. Both Blair and Jordan Stevens edited the video. Riza Stevens and Austin Blair are credited as “fog machine specialists.”
Blair said he came up with the concept for the video a couple of years ago but decided to put it into action this semester.
“I think I just came up with it while it was in the Testing Center,” Blair said. “It was just kind of how I was actually feeling.”
Blair said Seth Deming, Testing Center Director, gave the students permission to use the Testing Center on one night during Thanksgiving break. Blair said Campus Security let them in after they received approval from Deming.
Blair and Jordan Stevens said they are happy people enjoy the video.
“It was a goal to make people laugh and scare them at the same time, so it's been fun to see that happening through the reaction we're getting,” Jordan Stevens said.
The cast of students who appeared in the interview includes Austin Blair as a male student who braves the haunted testing center. Austin Hastings has multiple roles including panicked student, scary worker, the Shadow Proctor and the pleasant worker. Riza Stevens was the female student in the video.
FILE - This Oct. 11, 2010 file photo, shows the logo of the online network Facebook, recorded in Munich with a magnifying glass of a computer screen of a laptop. Joerg Koch AP
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Police in New Jersey said they had to coax a German shepherd on a busy interstate to leave a dead pit bull that it was found lying next to.
New Jersey state police said that troopers responded Thursday morning to a report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark.
The troopers say the pit bull was dead when they arrived. They say the German shepherd didn't want to leave its side, but they were able to coax it into a trooper's car.
Authorities say neither dog was wearing a collar or any identification. The German shepherd was given to a dog rescue.
It wasn't clear how the dog died. The case remains under investigation.
When biggies like Tubelight, Jagga Jasoos and Jab Harry Met Sejal disappoint, movies like Mubarakan shine to surprise. This family entertainer is slowly and steadily making its way towards a respectable end. Families and kids were waiting for a clean entertainer and it came in the face of Mubarakan.
Anees Bazmee who has previously gifted us with family entertainers like Welcome, No Entry and Singh Is Kinng served us with another clean comedy in Mubarakan. The film had a stellar cast in Anil Kapoor, Arjun Kapoor, Pavan Malhotra, Ratna Pathak Shah, Ileana D'Cruz and Athiya Shetty. Anees did a wonderful job in handling an extremely confusing plot. The film enjoyed a good word of mouth and hence survived a very tough competition from a lot of big films.
The film grossed 35.66 crores in its week 1 which is not a big number but it's respectable as the film faced competition from many movies. It collected 12.64 crores in its 2nd week after competing Shah Rukh Khan and Anushka Sharma's Jab Harry Met Sejal. The film is still in the race and has grossed 2.85* crores in its 3rd weekend. It now stands at the grand total of 51.15* crores.
Trending :
Check out the total collection of the film till date:
1st week – 35.66 crores
2nd week – 12.64 crores
3rd Friday – 0.55 crores
3rd Saturday – 1.05 crores
3rd Sunday – 1.25 crores*
Total: 51.15 crores*
This is the first time uncle Anil Kapoor has worked with nephew Arjun Kapoor in a film. Interestingly, they portray the same relationship in the film. Asked if it's fun to work with a family member on screen, Arjun said in an interview, “It's a blast (to work with a family member). Before the film began I was also keen to see how this pans out because I have not experienced this before. But it turned out to be a blast because you get to hang out with your family. Learn, work and watch a man who's iconic and a legend do his work.”
TeamRock.com, Home to Metal Hammer, Classic Rock, Prog and TeamRock Radio, is named the world's most influential rock music site in the world, according to Sounds of Style.
Sounds of Style issued their latest SOS100 this week, which acknowledges the most significant music websites around the world. TeamRock.com has been named the most influential music site in the UK and the fifth most influential music site globally, across all genres.
On the Songs of Style page, it says:
‘In this collection, you'll discover the most influential music sites which determine the artists and songs that ultimately define the soundtrack for 2017 – and beyond'
Songs of Style collate the total annual number of Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin, Pinterest and Google+ shares from each site's overall editorial coverage from 2016-2017.
TeamRock.com weighs in fifth globally with 20.7 million total shares, highlighting the strength of their engagement, the quality of their content and the dedication of the team's hard work.
TeamRock's Editor-In-Chief Scott Rowley says:
“What's brilliant about this is that it's based on what music fans share with each other – it's real word-of-mouth. And it's particularly satisfying for us because the websites were down for almost two months after the collapse of the old TeamRock company in December.
“Our sites talk to people who love and care about the music and we've worked hard on improving what we post on social – sharing videos, starting debate, breaking news – and avoiding clickbait as much as possible.”
A well-deserved acknowledgement for TeamRock and the brands within, who have worked relentlessly to build on the strength of their brands and provide their readers with the content they want, daily.
POETRY IN MOTION: A historical plaque at the entrance to the West 9th Street apartment building where Yeohlee Teng held her show Monday afternoon reminded guests that the building was the last New York residence of the esteemed poet Marianne Moore. Aside from being a Pulitzer Prize winning poet, Moore, who died in 1972 at age 85, was “a baseball enthusiast and lifelong New Yorker.”
Considering the poetic provenance, it was fitting that the show was held at the home of Andrea Woodner, the founder of the Design Trust for Public Space. And one of the coats modeled seemed faintly reminiscent of Moore's signature cape, the first of which was made by her mother when she was a college student. But maybe we are reading too much into the location.
One source of artistic inspiration that is more defined is the March 17 opening of “Yeohlee/Serra,” an exhibition at the Phoenix Art Museum that will pair a series of gowns designed by Yeohlee in the Nineties with oil-slick screen prints by the artist Richard Serra. Running through May 29, the installation will highlight the connections shared between the two artists at an intersection of art and fashion.
Naeem Khan also tapped into the spoken word during his Tuesday morning runway show. Before his models took their final turn, a recording of Maya Angelou reading her poem “Human Family” played to the silence of the crowd at Skylight Clarkson Square. Guests listened intently to, “We love and lose in China, we weep on England's moors, and laugh and moan in Guinea, and thrive on Spanish shores. We seek success in Finland, are born and die in Maine. In minor ways we differ, in major we're the same. I note the obvious differences between each sort and type, but we are more alike, my friends, than we are unalike.”
After the fact, the Indian-American designer said via e-mail, “Maya Angelou's ‘Human Family' is to honor the diversification in our fashion world, which without it would be a sad affair.”
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — The United States said Monday that the World Trade Organization is losing its focus on trade negotiation and “becoming a litigation-centered organization.”
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer also complained that some WTO members try to gain concessions through lawsuits that he said they could never get at the negotiating table.
“We have to ask ourselves whether this is good for the institution and whether the current litigation structure makes sense,” Lighthizer said at the WTO's ministerial meeting that is being held in Argentina.
Without naming names, he also said some member countries use their status as developing nations to obtain concessions and don't follow WTO rules.
Advertisement
“We need to clarify our understanding of development within the WTO,” he said. “We cannot sustain a situation in which new rules can only apply to the few, and that others will be given a pass in the name of self-proclaimed development status.”
President Donald Trump has said the policy of the U.S. “is to aggressively promote and use American-made goods.”
Some member nations that favor free trade have decried what they say are Trump's protectionist measures. But many also acknowledge the 164-nation WTO needs reform.
“We believe that it's not sustainable to advance in a scheme where one is always the protectionist and the other one (is) the one who always breaks the rules,” Argentine President Mauricio Macri said Sunday during the event's launch.
“The problems of the WTO will be resolved with more WTO, not less WTO.”
Earlier this year, 10 WTO members, including the European Union, Canada and Japan, urged Washington to continue honoring the trade body's “Government Procurement Agreement” that binds the U.S. and 45 other countries — mostly EU members — to open government procurement markets to foreign competition and make them more transparent.
This week's meeting in Buenos Aires will also address issues including food and agriculture, e-commerce, fisheries, and development.
A network of worldwide civil society organizations says about 60 of its experts who were planning to attend had their credentials revoked by Argentina's government.
Following the retirement of Pittsburgh Steelers wide receivers coach Richard Mann at the end of the season, many within Steeler Nation were hoping former player Hines Ward might get the job. Turns out they were not the only ones.
In an interview with Lance Moore reported by Alex Marvez of The Sporting News, Ward revealed that he was hoping to be considered for the position too.
“There was some interest, but I can't hire myself. If the opportunity presents itself, it's something where I'd have to sit down and seriously think about it.”
After spending parts of the 2017 offseason working as a coaches assistant under Mann, Ward found something of a kindred spirit in rookie JuJu Smith-Schuster. He was noted to be spending a significant amount of time with the young receiver during training camp ahead of his impressive debut season.
While his coaching credentials might be lacking, no one can question Ward's pedigree as a receiver. The all-time leading receiver for the Steelers, Ward recorded 1000 receptions and more than 12,000 yards during a 14-year career.
Given his opinions about the way the season ended, some fans might be even more disappointed he will not be a presence in the locker room next year.
“We underachieved this year. One thing about Pittsburgh — it's a very talented team but the talent can only take you so far. I think a lot has to do with the chemistry of the team. You need less ‘me' and more about the team.”
There is every chance Pittsburgh will welcome Ward back as a coaching intern once again if he is interested in gaining more experience. Nothing is a given in the world of assistant coaches and Ward could easily find himself in the running for a role with the Steelers in the future, if not somewhere else.
What was it like to be there when The Beatles' Sgt Pepper was being recorded?
A splendid time is guaranteed for all at an exciting four-venue event in Harrogate next month celebrating the 50th anniversary of the world's most famous album and the heady days of the Summer of Love.
The Spirit Of 67 will give 60s fans the chance to find out for themselves in a fun way what it was like to be there.
This unique multi-media event will include live music performances, an exhibition featuring the likes of Gered Mankowitz and Sir Peter Blake, the unveiling a new giant public mural of classic 67 record sleeves, a gallery talk, a book signing, plus various ‘happenings' throughout the course of a single day in Harrogate.
Running from 2pm to 10pm on Saturday, July 22, there will also be VIP guests in the shape of two figures in The Beatles' close personal circle of friends who were key figures in the creation of Swinging 60s Britain.
Coming up from London will be Mike McInnerney, who co-organised the 14 HourTechnicolour Dream at Alexander Palace in 1967, created some of the greatest psychedelic gig posters of 1967 for the legendary UFO Club and designed the cover of The Who's Tommy album.
He will be taking part in an exclusive ‘In Conversation' with Dudley Edwards, a fellow artist and close friend of Paul McCartney's who was actually in Abbey Road studios as The Beatles recorded Sgt Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band.
This unique day will see events happening in sequence at the following Harrogate venues: 108 Fine Art, RedHouse Originals, North Bar and The Factory (Poliform).
Presented by Charm, 108 Fine Art, RedHouse Originals Gallery, The Factory at Poliform North and North Bar, the event will combine nostalgia, fun, beer, art and innovation.
Artists will include the Harrogate Symphony Orchestra, Dan Webster of The Birdman Rallies, top Leeds rock band The Strawberries, acclaimed singer-songwriter Nick Ellis, DJ Rory Hoy, beatnik poet Heath Common and leading improv pianist Paul Taylor.
Tickets are strictly limited to 100 and are available now at Harrogate Theatre.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The News has teamed up with Strawberries and Creem to offer you the chance to win a pair of tickets to the Haggis Farm-based festival on Saturday, June 16 2018.
We'll be at a mystery location in Cambridge city centre at 1pm on Saturday, May 5 with the tickets, and all you have to do is download the Cambridge News app for a chance to find out where we'll be.
To find out where we'll be all you have to do is:
Download the Cambridge News app on your smart phone via the App Store or Android
Enable ‘location services' and ‘push notifications'
You'll receive a notification at 1pm on Saturday 5th May to reveal the mystery location in Cambridge city centre where you can collect the tickets
The first person to get to that location will win the tickets and go to the festival
(Image: Keith Jones)
It's that simple!
Strawberries and Creem is one of the most popular annual music events in the east.
Last year it saw over 10,000 movers and shakers attend the Haggis Farm festival.
Previous years have seen global superstars such as Skepta and Nelly round up their tour buses to Barton.
This year's event promises to deliver an even more unbelievable and impressive musical line up.
2018 will see Strawberries & Creem return for its fifth year on Saturday, June 16.
(Image: Keith Jones)
Headliners include T-Pain, Kojo funds, Ghetts, House of Pharaohs and Jus Now.
A full line up can be found at strawberriesandcreem.com
As well as music there will be plenty of boozing and fun in the sun.
So get your body glitter and sunglasses at the ready- it's time to party!
These tickets are hugely popular so make sure you get there quickly so you don't miss out.
(Image: Keith Jones)
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions: In order to claim the tickets, entrants must be aged 18 or over and be able to provide proof that they have collected of all six tokens published in the Cambridge News between April 30, 2018 and May 5, 2018 along with the push notification on their mobile device. The opening time to claim the tickets will be at 1pm on Saturday, May 5, 2018 and the competition will close once the three winners have claimed their prize – a pair of tickets to the Strawberries & Creem Festival on Saturday 16 June 2018 only at Haggis Farm, Cambridge, CB23 7PZ.
The prize provided by Strawberries & Creem, does not included travel and cannot be exchanged. In order to correctly receive the notification on this date, readers must download the Cambridge News app on their mobile device and turn location services and push notifications ‘on'. Cambridge News cannot be held responsible for failure or delays in receiving the push message due to network errors.
Upon receiving the push message, readers must make their way to the location disclosed and show evidence of all six tokens, along with the push notification on their mobile device, to the member of Cambridge News staff. Tickets will be given to the first three people to approach the location and member of staff with the correct evidence. Those who enter the competition agree to participate in in-paper and online publicity. Cambridge News's decision is final. For more information please see: mirror.co.uk/rules
Fairhope, Alabama PRIVATE COMPANY TO INSTALL FOR FIRST TIME After a controversy about how it was done last year, at its last meetin...
3/34
The Anzac Day march on King William Street on Apr 25, 1944. This image shows the 2/43th battalion. Picture: News Corp Australia
Johnathan Motley: the Mavericks' next undrafted rookie steal?
Fresh off his game-winner in the Orlando Summer League, the former Baylor standout is making a name for himself in the Mavs' organization. Video by Matthew Martinez.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Boeing 737 only avoided a mid-air crash with an unknown aircraft "at the last minute" following failings by Air Traffic Control (ATC), an investigation has found.
ATC "severely compromised" the Boeing's safety by not providing a radar service or telling the pilot it was unavailable before the near miss above Cambridge on July 29.
(Image: PA)
The UK Airprox Board (UAB) report told of how the 737 left Cambridge International Airport and was flying at 2,500ft when the second aircraft was spotted.
The pilot of the 737 believed the risk of collision had been "high" after the two aircraft banked in opposite directions when they realised the planes were "at the same level".
The other pilot could not be traced despite "extensive efforts" and the report did not state where the 737 was going nor how many passengers were on board.
It said: "As it transpired, the B737 pilot saw the unknown aircraft at the last minute... and he reported carrying out a turn to avoid."
Investigators said the 737, which took off shortly after 10am, had "limited manoeuvrability" and that the pilot of the unknown aircraft had "resolved the conflict by carrying out a sharp avoiding action".
On the actions of Cambridge ATC it added the airspace around the international airport could be "very busy" and said: "The consensus amongst the board was that to allow an aircraft the size of a B737 to depart without a radar service in Class G see-and-avoid airspace and join controlled airspace near Duxford (a busy GA airfield), severely compromised the safety of aircraft this size given their limited ability to see other aircraft and manoeuvre in a timely and effective manner.
"If Cambridge were not able to provide a radar service themselves, some members opined that a better solution could be to climb the aircraft to the north, where a radar service could be provided by Lakenheath and would allow the aircraft to climb quickly to a more suitable level. "
The Boeing's equipment could not detect the other aircraft because it was flying without a transponder.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Two national organisations have joined forces to press the Scottish Government to develop a land use policy which protects Scotland's world-renowned landscapes, and ensures access for recreation.
The Scottish Gamekeepers Association (SGA) and Mountaineering Scotland have written a joint letter to Environment Minister Roseanna Cunningham expressing concern at the potential impacts fragmented policy may have on Scotland's open landscapes.
Both organisations fear a lack of joined-up thinking could see the loss of internationally rare landscapes as Scottish Government pursues a policy of large scale afforestation without a blueprint to preserve its celebrated vistas.
While neither the SGA nor Mountaineering Scotland oppose well sited, planned tree planting, both question whether enough weight is being given to the significant changes this will have on the landscape and access.
In particular, they are worried that the dramatic open views and vistas, regarded as iconic of Scotland, may disappear.
ADVERTISEMENT
Economist Dean Baker has an elegant and radical solution to the problem of corporate tax reform: Scrap the corporate income tax entirely, and require that every corporation turn over 25 to 30 percent of their stock to the government.
When you own a stock, the company pays you a regular dividend out of its profits. When the company or anyone else buys the stock, you get paid for the purchase. With Baker's idea, those dividends and payouts become a source of government revenue. But the proposal is also a clever backdoor way for the U.S. federal government to embrace a far more ambitious idea: Namely, a sovereign wealth fund.
A sovereign wealth fund is just a portfolio of stocks, bonds, and other assets held and managed by the government. It derives income from that portfolio, just like an individual investor. The government then plows that money back into expanding the portfolio or takes it as budget revenue, opening up room for more public investment or spending on the safety net.
In fact, seven U.S. state governments have had a sovereign wealth fund of their own for years — Alaska, Alabama, North Dakota, Texas, Wyoming, Louisiana, and New Mexico.
Here are five reasons to follow their example:
1. It's particularly capitalism-friendly. One undeniable thing about taxing corporate profits is that companies feel it — and react to it. They try to game the system, lobby for loopholes, and so on. But with a sovereign wealth fund, the hand of government is invisible. Contrary to cries of "socialism," Baker argues that all the shares owned by the government could be non-voting. Upper management, the board of directors, and private stock owners would still make all the operating decisions for any given company. They would still have every reason to maximize profits. It's just that when they all benefit, the government does to — and the American people by extension.
2. It would fight inequality and worker disenfranchisement. All the income generated in the U.S. economy goes to either workers or owners of capital, but only the latter's slice is growing. Corporations have exploited weak labor markets, monopoly power, and the collapse of unions to drive down workers' wages, and pocket near-historic profits for themselves. Rising payouts to capital ownership have been the single biggest driver of rising income inequality.
A sovereign wealth fund would be a neat and tidy solution to all of this: If the government owns a hefty chunk of all the capital assets in the market, then those profits and payouts go to the government rather than to the 1 percent. From there, the government can plow more money into jobs, investment, and income support for ordinary Americans.
3. It could promote a socially conscious economy. Take green energy as an example: Its value to American society is obvious, but that value can't always be monetized into profits. So private financial markets don't invest in green energy as much as they should. The same goes for business investment in poor and minority communities.
But a government with a sovereign wealth fund would be a fundamentally different kind of investor, with fundamentally different incentives. It wouldn't interfere with decision-making at any individual company. But as sociologist Dalton Conley pointed out, the government could use its investment decisions to give certain projects access to resources and capital they wouldn't get from Wall Street. This would need to be balanced against the obligation to prudently oversee the sovereign wealth fund and seek good returns. But that balance could be built into the laws governing management of the portfolio.
4. It could help state governments in particular. The federal government's borrowing is backstopped by the Federal Reserve; the central bank can create limitless demand for U.S. debt by printing new reserves. Ultimately, a debt crisis for the federal government is impossible. It can only cause an inflation crisis.
But state governments don't control the currency in which they tax, spend, and borrow. So their need for the revenue a sovereign wealth fund would generate is particularly acute — especially since states often rely on regressive forms of revenue like sales taxes. A national sovereign wealth fund could provide permanent streams of revenue to all 50 state governments. Or it could provide seed money for each state to launch its own fund.
5. It would promote a real ownership society. Here's a dirty secret of capitalism: No one created the land or our natural resources. No one owns the knowledge and wisdom that school teachers, academics, tradesmen, mechanics, and more all pass down to new generations. The families and communities and social norms that underlie our economy are all a collective social effort. A vast portion of the wealth our economy generate can't be attributed to any individual effort — instead, its a common inheritance owed to all.
A national sovereign wealth fund would embody this reality in an especially concrete way.
In fact, Alaska already takes this logic one step further: Its sovereign wealth fund regularly pays out a check to every Alaskan resident, no strings attached. Effectively, the state uses its sovereign wealth fund to finance a universal basic income (UBI) — albeit one whose benefit level varies from year to year. The program is so wildly popular that even Alaska's Republicans insist its totally consistent with conservative values. Matt Bruenig recommends creating a national UBI with exactly this approach.
The most obvious way to run the sovereign wealth fund might be to have the president and the Senate appoint managers, same as they do with Cabinets or the Fed. But Conley also suggests an alternative: Give every American one inalienable share in the national sovereign wealth fund, and thus their own stream of dividend payouts, and one vote in annual elections to pick the people who manage the portfolio.
If you really want to give every American a stake in the wealth creation of our society, this is one way to do it.
by Tyler Durden, via Zerohedge
Update:
The just released FISA memo accuses senior officials at the DOJ of inappropriately using biased opposition research into then-candidate Trump to obtain surveillance warrants on transition team members as part of the federal investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
According to the document, information from the the so-called Steele dossier was “essential” to the acquisition of surveillance warrants on Trump campaign aide Carter Page. It claims that then-deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe told the committee in December that without the information from the Steele dossier, no surveillance warrant for Page would have been sought.
The memo alleges that the political origins of the dossier — paid for by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) — were not disclosed to the clandestine court that signed off on the warrant request.
The document claims that although the FBI had “clear evidence” that the author of the dossier, former British spy Christopher Steele, was biased against Trump, it did not convey that to the surveillance court when making its warrant applications. Steele told then-associate deputy attorney general Bruce Ohr that he was “desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president,” the memo says.
House conservatives have touted the memo's revelations as “worse than Watergate” and hinted that it could prove the undoing of the federal investigation into Trump's campaign. Meanwhile, Democrats on the panel say that it is a cherry-picked set of inaccurate accusations designed to kneecap special counsel Robert Mueller. They have drafted their own counter-memo to rebut the Republican-drafted document, but the majority voted against immediately making that document public earlier this week.
The memo is based on a slate of highly-classified materials provided to the committee by the Justice Department itself, in a closed-door deal brokered by Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.).
Naturally, the DOJ has claimed that the release of the memo is an abrogation of the terms of that deal, an assertion spokesman for both Ryan and Nunes have rejected.
Meanwhile, the underlying evidence remains classified, a state of affairs that Democrats and some national security analysts say makes it impossible to independently verify the memo's conclusions.
As The Hill reported earlier, ahead of the document's release, Paul Ryan privately urged House Republicans not to overplay the document — and not to tie it to the Mueller investigation.
Here are select excerpts from the FISA memo (full pdf below)
On October 21, 2016, DOJ and FBI sought and received a FISA probable cause order (not under Title VII) authorizing electronic surveillance on Carter Page from the FISC. Page is a U.S. citizen who served as a volunteer advisor to the Trump presidential campaign. Consistent with requirements under FISA, the application had to be first certified by the Director or Deputy Director of the FBI. It then required the approval of the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General (DAG), or the Senate-confirmed Assistant Attorney General for the National Security Division. The FBI and DOJ obtained one initial FISA warrant targeting Carter Page and three FISA renewals from the FISC. As required by statute (50 U.S.C. §1805(d)(1)), a FISA order on an American citizen must be renewed by the FISC every 90 days and each renewal requires a separate finding of probable cause. Then-Director James Comey signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one. Then-DAG Sally Yates, then-Acting DAG Dana Boente, and DAG Rod Rosenstein each signed one or more FISA applications on behalf of DOJ. Our findings indicate that, as described below, material and relevant information was omitted. The “dossier” compiled by Christopher Steele (Steele dossier) on behalf of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Hillary Clinton campaign formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application. Steele was a longtime FBI source who was paid over $160,000 by the DNC and Clinton campaign, via the law firm Perkins Coie and research firm Fusion GPS, to obtain derogatory information on Donald Trump's ties to Russia.
What follows is what some have dubbed the “damning section”, as there was no reason not to disclose the relationship between Clinton and Steele, unless the authors were worried about exposing a clear political link:
a) Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials. b) The initial FISA application notes Steele was working for a named U.S. person, but does not name Fusion GPS and principal Glenn Simpson, who was paid by a U.S. law firm (Perkins Coie) representing the DNC ( even though it was known by DOJ at the time that political actors were involved with the Steele dossier ). The application does not mention Steele was ultimately working on behalf of—and paid by—the DNC and Clinton campaign, or that the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the same information.
The section above also makes a good case for releasing the underlying FISA application, as either the Clinton connection was disclosed or it wasn't – not a fact either party can distort.
In a curious twist, in order to corroborate the dossier, the memo reveals that the FBI “extensively” cited a news article — that was based entirely on the dossier. In effect, using the dossier to corroborate the dossier.
The Carter Page FISA application also cited extensively a September 23, 2016, Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff, which focuses on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow. This article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele himself to Yahoo News. The Page FISA application incorrectly assesses that Steele did not directly provide information to Yahoo News. Steele has admitted in British court filings that he met with Yahoo News—and several other outlets—in September 2016 at the direction of Fusion GPS. Perkins Coie was aware of Steele's initial media contacts because they hosted at least one meeting in Washington D.C. in 2016 with Steele and Fusion GPS where this matter was discussed.
The memo continues revealing more information about Steele and his clear political bias:
Steele was suspended and then terminated as an FBI source for what the FBI defines as the most serious of violations—an unauthorized disclosure to the media of his relationship with the FBI in an October 30, 2016, Mother Jones article by David Corn. Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling—maintaining confidentiality—and demonstrated that Steele had become a less than reliable source for the FBI. 3) Before and after Steele was terminated as a source, he maintained contact with DOJ via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, a senior DOJ official who worked closely with Deputy Attorneys General Yates and later Rosenstein. Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting his communications with Steele. For example, in September 2016, Steele admitted to Ohr his feelings against then-candidate Trump when Steele said he “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president.” This clear evidence of Steele's bias was recorded by Ohr at the time and subsequently in official FBI files—but not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications. During this same time period, Ohr's wife was employed by Fusion GPS to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump. Ohr later provided the FBI with all of his wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC. * * * After Steele was terminated, a source validation report conducted by an independent unit within FBI assessed Steele's reporting as only minimally corroborated. Yet, in early January 2017, Director Comey briefed President-elect Trump on a summary of the Steele dossier, even though it was – according to his June 2017 testimony – “salacious and unverified.” While the FISA application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed his anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations . Furthermore, Deputy Director McCabe testified before the Committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information . The Page FISA application also mentions information regarding fellow Trump campaign advisor George Papadopoulos, but there is no evidence of any cooperation or conspiracy between Page and Papadopoulos. The Papadopoulos information triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Pete Strzok. Strzok was reassigned by the Special Counsel's Office to FBI Human Resources for improper text messages with his mistress, FBI Attorney Lisa Page (no known relation to Carter Page), where they both demonstrated a clear bias against Trump and in favor of Clinton, whom Strzok had also investigated. The Strzok/Lisa Page texts also reflect extensive discussions about the investigation, orchestrating leaks to the media, and include a meeting with Deputy Director McCabe to discuss an “insurance” policy against President Trump's election.
The bottom line: as noted earlier, if found that there was clear undisclosed bias in the launch of surveillance of Trump's team, then Mueller's probe – whose findings would be the result of a flawed FISA warrant – would be null and void, leave space for Trump to fire the special prosecutor or Rod Rosenstein.
Incidentally, speaking to reporters in the Oval Office, Trump suggested the document shows political bias at the FBI that tainted the probe into whether his campaign cooperated with Russia's election meddling.
“I think it's a disgrace,” Trump said of the alleged bias. “A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves.”
The decision cleared the way for the House Intelligence Committee to release the memo, which it did shortly after noon. “It was declassified and let's see what happens,” Trump said. White House made no redactions to the document.
* * *
Earlier:
Just before noon on Friday, the “FISA” memo compiled by House Intelligence Committee staff, led by chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), from classified documents provided by the Department of Justice, was officially declassified by Trump's lawyer Donald Gahn – over the objections of the DOJ and the FBI – as explained in the letter below.
According to the Washington Examiner's Byron York who had access to an early released version, a key point in the memo is that the “salacious and unverified” Steele dossier formed the essential part of the initial and all three renewal applications against Carter Page, in line with what as previously leaked.
As York also explicitly highlights, “The FBI's Andrew McCabe confirmed to the committee that no FISA warrant would have been sought from the FISA Court without the Steele dossier information.”
This, as Fox News confirms, means that absent the dossier, at least one of the surveillance warrants in the case would not have been obtained, and – by implication – the entire Mueller probe is thus on shaky legal ground.
Back to the memo, which as York adds, “the political origins of the Steele dossier were known to senior DOJ and FBI officials, but excluded from the FISA applications.”
More House Intel memo key point: The political origins of the Steele dossier were known to senior DOJ and FBI officials, but excluded from the FISA applications. https://t.co/jzSl1tzhfc — Byron York (@ByronYork) February 2, 2018
As Dow Jones confirms, DOJ officials knew Steele was being paid by democrats, and that officials at the DOJ and FBI signed one warrant, and three renewals against Carter Page.
York also notes that DOJ official Bruce Ohr was relayed information about Christopher Steele's bias. Steele told Ohr that he, Steele, was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected president and was passionate about him not becoming president.
All else equal, sounds like a clear case of bias, and when extended, it would imply that the entire Mueller probe is based on grounds that could be overturned in court.
* * *
To recap, here are the key points disclosed in the memo, as summarized by the Washington Exmainer which has an early unclassified version of the memo:
The Steele dossier formed an essential part of the intial and all three renewal FISA applications against Carter Page.
Andrew McCabe confirmed that no FISA warrant would have been sought from the FISA Court without the Steele dossier information.
The political origins of the Steele dossier were known to senior DOJ and FBI officials, but excluded from the FISA applications.
DOJ official Bruce Ohr met with Steele beginning in the summer of 2016 and relayed to DOJ information about Steele's bias. Steele told Ohr that he, Steele, was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected president and was passionate about him not becoming president .
As a reminder, the FBI and Justice Department mounted a months-long effort to keep the information outlined in the memo out of the House Intelligence Committee's hands. Only the threat of contempt charges and other forms of pressure forced the FBI and Justice to give up the material.
Once Intelligence Committee leaders and staff compiled some of that information into the memo, the FBI and Justice Department, supported by Capitol Hill Democrats, mounted a ferocious campaign of opposition, saying release of the memo would endanger national security and the rule of law. But Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes never wavered in his determination to make the information available to the public. President Trump agreed, and, as required by House rules, gave his approval for release.
Finally, the memo released today does not represent the sum total of what House investigators have learned in their review of the FBI and Justice Department Trump-Russia investigation. That means the fight over the memo could be replayed in the future when the Intelligence Committee decides to release more information.
Moments after the announcement that the memo was declassified, Trump spoke to reporters and was asked if the memo makes it more likely that he will fire Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein, to which Trump responded.
When asked if the memo makes it more likely he will fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, Trump responds: "You figure that one out." pic.twitter.com/8eyAtm8uKF — BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) February 2, 2018
Full memo here.
JERUSALEM (AP) — It's no secret that Israel is a deeply polarized nation, with its prime minister facing a slew of corruption allegations, the peace process at a standstill and the government moving to stifle critics.
But a new survey released on Tuesday shows just how divided the country has become. Seventy-two percent of left-wing voters fear Israel's democracy is in danger, an even higher figure than the 65 percent of Arab citizens who feel that way.
The annual Israeli Democracy Index interviewed 1,024 people in May and had a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points. The margin increased to 3.4 points for Jewish respondents and 7.9 points for the smaller Arab sample size.
The survey found that 68 percent of all respondents felt that parliament members don't perform their duties properly.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Jerry Jones has made his decision, which hopefully means we will soon be awarded The Decision II, complete with a TV special, sponsorship deals, corporate signage, shoes, T-shirts and an announcement at AT&T Stadium.
Jerry has made up his mind on his presenter for his induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame Aug. 5 in Canton, Ohio. Always the showman in creating suspense and interest, Jerry is just not ready to reveal that special person's name.
Does this mean that Jerry, like LeBron James, will sit in a director's chair in front of Jim Gray with a collection of kids around him to announce The Decision before an EPSN audience? We can only hope.
There are a myriad of possibilities, but Jerry has but two choices:
No. 1, his wife, Gene.
Such a move would buy time away from permanent/extended stay residence in the always-oversold Husband Dog House Inn. To select but one of his children for this once-in-a-lifetime honor would create the most awkward Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners ever.
Gene is the ultimate good-guy safe pick.
But Jerry didn't receive the call from Canton because of safe picks, although a handful of dumb picks could certainly be used against him (cough-cough, Quincy Carter, cough-cough).
He should go with Door No. 2, and Jimmy Johnson. Don't laugh. From a football standpoint, this is the most logical selection. And this is about football.
Yes, we media scum would love it for the story and the visual of Jerry and Jimmy on the big stage together again, but this is more than just a great photo op.
The role of the presenter has been reduced greatly in recent years. In an effort to expedite the evening's events, presenters are now silent ceremonial figures there for the unveiling of the statue.
Jerry on stage next to Jimmy, however, would be the case where everyone involved would make an exception and cry, “Speech! Speech! Speech!”
There would be no Jerry Jones Pro Football Hall of Fame bust without the first decision he made when he bought the Cowboys. Take away the Jimmy Johnson era from Jerry's tenure as owner and there are no Super Bowl trophies. Sorry, Barry Switzer.
Jerry is going in the contributor's category, which technically means nothing the Cowboys did on the field had any impact on his stature as a candidate for Canton.
That stature, however, was aided immeasurably by the fact his team was one of the most successful in the 1990s when the Cowboys were the Cowboys.
As unpopular, but necessary, as it was to fire Tom Landry, Jerry's decision to hire his good buddy from the University of Arkansas to be his first head coach made him as an owner and “general manager.”
He has been living off this decision ever since.
If Jimmy had said no to Jerrry and had remained at the University of Miami, the next choice may have been “one of 500 coaches,” but likely Barry Switzer.
Jerry bought the Cowboys in February of 1989, when Barry was embroiled amid a handful of scandals and NCAA violations in Norman with the Oklahoma Sooners. He resigned in June of that year.
So if Jerry had missed on Jimmy, he might have tried to entice Barry to get out of Norman a few months earlier than he did.
As much as this consciously un-coupled couple bickers and fights and passive-aggressively takes shots at the other, Jerry and Jimmy made each other at the pro level. Jimmy is not Jimmy without Jerry, and Jerry is not Jerry without Jimmy.
They both deserve credit in their successes. Neither can be so ego-fueled to believe otherwise.
Well ... actually ... they just might be.
The success of any owner is often rooted in the people he hires. New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft is a “great owner” in part because he hired the previously fired coach of the Cleveland Browns, the always affable Bill Belichick, to run his toy.
Hiring good people makes you look good. Jerry hiring Jimmy made him look good.
By this point, who cares who did what? The Cowboys won in such a way that it restored the power of the brand, and everyone involved had a role in establishing the rare NFL dynasty that is still debated as one of the best ever.
Enough time has passed, these two have hugged it out and whatever bad feelings existed over their breakup have faded and, hopefully, are forgotten. They are both in their 70s, too old too care about what happened 25 years ago. It would be appropriate if Jerry one day put Jimmy in his Ring of Honor, too.
It's Jerry's turn first at an induction, and the man to present him should be the one who did so much to start this path toward Canton.
Jerry said he's made up his mind, and while the safe pick is Gene, the bold play for The Decision II is Jimmy.
Baidu, Inc., a leading Chinese language Internet search provider, has confirmed that its global advertising platform DU Ad Platform (DAP) has surpassed 2,400 mobile developers worldwide, a 50% increase over its user base in 2016.
In recognition of this achievement, DAP was named as one of 2017's Top 10 Global Leading Enterprises and as a Top 10 Global Influential Marketing Service Platform by mobile marketing firm Morketing at an event in Beijing on November 29, 2017
“We're very honored to receive these prestigious awards from Morketing,” said General Manager of Baidu's Global Business Unit, Johnson Hu. “DAP grew significantly this year thanks to a combination of strong technology and high quality users. We increased average eCPMs by 35% across the board. Because we publish our own apps, we have quality, in-house traffic from all over the world. It's a fantastic opportunity for our partners,” he said.
DAP's inventory covers 800 million monthly active users, including Baidu's own apps as well as third-party apps. In 2017 alone, the number of third-party app users on DAP grew by more than 110%, said Mr. Hu. “We will keep innovating to ensure that DAP is always the top choice for developers and advertisers in 2018 and beyond,” he said.
“As one of the earliest Chinese IT companies to go abroad, Baidu is rooted locally but has a pioneering spirit when it comes to exploring global markets,” said Morketing CEO Ms. Zeng Qiao. “DAP builds upon Baidu's wealth of experience with its in-house traffic and powerful tech. It's a worthy recipient of Morketing's awards,” she said.
To learn more about the ad platform, click here.
OTTAWA — Canada's national unemployment rate was 6.2 per cent in September. Here are the jobless rates last month by province (previous month in brackets):
— Newfoundland and Labrador 15.1 per cent (14.7)
— Prince Edward Island 9.5 (8.8)
— Nova Scotia 9.0 (8.9)
Makers of Sanjay Dutt starrer Bhoomi have released 3 new dialogue promos of the film. The action packed trailer of the film was very well received. An emotional saga of a father-daughter relationship bonded by some seeti-maar dialogues and raw action scenes, Bhoomi marks the return of Sanju Baba.
The movie also stars Aditi Rao Hydari and Sidhant Gupta in pivotal roles. It is directed by Omung Kumar and slated to release on 22nd September this year. On hyping up the buzz for the film, director Omung Kumar says, “Sanjay has given his best performance till date and I am glad that we are increasing the anticipation for the audiences.”
This dialogue promo consists a heart-wrenching conversation between Sanjay Dutt and Adit Rao Hydari. Backed with such hardcore action scenes just the dialogue promos are enough to increase the curiosity for the film.
We've seen many times, Sanju baba beating the life out of goons but this time it seems special. A heartbroken father ready to go to any extent to revenge the mishap happened to his daughter is what we have not seen Sanjay Dutt doing before.
Sharad Kelkar is playing the bad guy in the film and it seems we'll witness a tough hero-villain fight in this one. This promo is all about Sanjay Dutt and Sharad Kelkar's man to man confrontation.
Trending :
Apart from this film, Sanjay Dutt will also be seen in Saheb Biwi & Gangster 3, Torbaaz, and Malang. Bhoomi was supposed to release on 4th August but the makers avoided clashing with Jab Harry Met Sejal. It is not the only film which has shifted its release date from 4th August this year. Aamir Khan's Secret Superstar was earlier slated to release on 4th August this year and in that case, it would have clashed with Sanjay Dutt's comeback film Bhoomi. However, the makers of Secret Superstar have postponed the film and it will now be releasing on Diwali. Produced by T-Series & Legend Studios and directed by Omung Kumar, Bhoomi releases worldwide on September 22nd, 2017.
What do you think about these dialogue promos of the film? Do let us know in the comments section below.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) - A New Jersey man has been sentenced to five years in a high-speed chase that ended in a crash that severely burned another driver who was then allegedly kicked and dragged by officers.
Leo Pinkston, 49, expressed remorse as he was sentenced Friday on counts of eluding police and aggravated assault in the June 4 pursuit in Jersey City, NJ.com reported .
"I sincerely apologize for my action and what happened to an innocent person," he said. "I would like my condolences to go out to his family."
After a chase of almost 6 miles, Pinkston crashed into a car being driven by a young father on his way home from work. A video showed Miguel Feliz-Rodriguez exiting his car with his clothes on fire before being kicked by the officers. A police union official has said the officers tried to help him. Four officers face charges in the pursuit.
Pinkston was shot in the leg, and his lawyer said in court Friday that the crash wouldn't have occurred if police hadn't fired and struck his client, which he said caused the "bullet-riddled" vehicle to go out of control.
Hudson County Superior Court Judge Mark Nelson rejected that argument, although he said he was "well aware that there are entities that may be partly responsible." Nelson said the entire episode wouldn't have occurred if Pinkston had simply stopped when police first tried to pull him over some six miles away from where the chase ended.
A prosecutor read a statement from Feliz-Rodriguez saying he has scars from burns on his hands, face, back, stomach and legs which will require further surgery.
"I will never be physically or mentally the same again," he said, adding that he has nightmares, flashbacks and continuing pain. "I don't like looking at myself in the mirror."
___
Information from: NJ.com, http://www.nj.com
In 2010, the company that hosts the celebrity gossip forum Oh No They Didn't!, saw an opportunity to capitalize on the site's popularity. ONTD is a community forum, which means that its content consists of posts from its readers. That content was originally screened by volunteer moderators from within the user base. They did such a good job that ONTD attracted millions of views a month -- which, in turn, led ONTD's host site, LiveJournal, to realize it could make money by selling ads on ONTD. LiveJournal hired one of the forum's volunteer editors to act as lead editor and, according to an opinion issued Friday by a three-judge panel at the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, “sought to exercise more control” over ONTD's content.
As a result, LiveJournal is now exposed to liability for post content that infringed copyrights, despite the Digital Millennium Copyright Act's safe harbor for online publishers that post user-generated content.
The 9th Circuit agreed with the celebrity photo agency Mavrix that ONTD's moderators may be functioning as agents of LiveJournal in controlling what is uploaded to the site. “There is evidence in the record that LiveJournal gave moderators express directions about their screening functions, including criteria for accepting or rejecting posts,” wrote Judge Richard Paez for a panel that also included Judges Harry Pregerson and Morgen Christen. “Unlike other sites where users may independently post content, LiveJournal relies on moderators as an integral part of its screening and posting business model.”
The 9th Circuit vacated a decision by U.S. District Judge Cormac Carney of Santa Ana, California, that granted summary judgment to LiveJournal under the DMCA's protection for content posted at users' direction. The appeals court did not decide conclusively that the facts show ONTD's moderators are LiveJournal agents but said reasonable jurors could come to that conclusion.
There's surprisingly (to me, anyway) little precedent on how much editorial control online publishers can exercise over user-generated content without losing safe harbor protection. The 9th Circuit cited its own 2013 decision in UMG v. Shelter Capital, which involved the video-sharing site Veoh's automated software to enhance the accessibility of user-posted uploads. It also mentioned a Manhattan federal judge's 2013 decision (on remand from the 2nd Circuit) that automated screening does not preclude publishers from relying on the safe harbor.
Here, of course, the screening was not automated but conducted by moderators instructed to curate the hottest celebrity stories shared by users. Mavrix's lead counsel, Peter Afrasiabi of One LLP, said that by filtering out about two-thirds of users' posts -- discarding news from suspect sites in favor of user posts reproducing articles from trusted sources like People Magazine -- LiveJournal basically curated an online celebrity magazine without paying to create content.
At true user-generated sites like YouTube, Afrasiabi said, “sites are full of junk.” By contrast, he said, readers -- and advertisers -- know they can rely on ONTD's moderators to screen out the junk and keep the site filled with hot celebrity news from credible outlets. To Afrasiabi, the business model permits LiveJournal to profit by encouraging its users to infringe copyrights. “That's the modern Internet business,” he said.
He argued that digital publishers like LiveJournal are abusing the DMCA's safe harbor by promulgating a fiction that their content is directed by users. Content creators like Mavrix are the victims of this alleged subterfuge, Afrasiabi said, because traditional celebrity publications won't pay as much for exclusives that will inevitably be reproduced by ONTD and similar sites across the Internet.
“This is a massively important case for copyright holders,” he said.
LiveJournal received broader amicus support at the 9th Circuit than Mavrix, which was backed by the Motion Picture Association of America and another photo agency. LiveJournal's amici included the Electronic Frontier Foundation and other public interest groups, which argued that curation and editing is allowed in the DMCA's safe harbor provisions; as well as Etsy, Pinterest, Tumblr and Kickstarter, which said Mavrix's position would imperil their businesses. “Under Mavrix's approach, service providers could not moderate content, attempt to screen out objectionable material or organize the information that their users submit without putting their safe harbor at risk,” they wrote.
Wayne Barsky of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher argued for LiveJournal at the 9th Circuit. In an email, he said he was traveling and unavailable to comment. LiveJournal's brief to the 9th Circuit argued that ONTD is exactly the kind of user-generated forum the DMCP was meant to protect. If Mavrix wanted to protect its copyrights, LiveJournal said, it should have notified ONTD and requested the allegedly infringing material be taken down. Mavrix, which concedes it did not send a take-down request to ONTD, said that's because such notices are only appropriate for sites entitled to safe-harbor protection, which it contends ONTD did not merit.
If you've ever called 911 to report an emergency, thank the Johnson Crime Commission. Establishing a national emergency number was just one of more than 200 recommendations the Commission offered up in a landmark 1967 report "for a safer and more just society."
Two years earlier, President Lyndon Johnson had appointed lawyers, educators, law enforcement officers, social workers and others – 19 members in all — to the group officially called the President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice. The 1960s was a turbulent decade, and crime had been a major concern. Johnson told the group he was spearheading a new "war on crime," and he wanted them to be revolutionary in their recommendations. Over 18 months, the Crime Commission, including 63 staffers and hundreds of consultants and advisers, collected data and studied everything from juvenile delinquency to organized crime.
The final report, "The Challenge of Crime in a Free Society," called for sweeping changes in policing, the courts and corrections. President Johnson said it was "the most comprehensive and detailed program for meeting the challenge of crime ever proposed in this country."
Carnegie Mellon Professor Alfred Blumstein, widely recognized now for his research on criminal justice and violence, was one of the original staff members of the Johnson Crime Commission. At the time, he didn't think of the report as a revolution, "but one thing that did come out of it was a movement toward thinking of the criminal justice system as a system," Blumstein says. As the Crime Commission's director of technology, Blumstein and his group developed a flowchart, often used in criminology text books, that provided a visual take on how the courts, police and corrections interact.
Sheldon Krantz was also on the commission staff. Now a visiting professor of Law at Georgetown University, he was assigned to work on the Commission's Police Task Force during a time when brutal police clashes with residents sometimes played out in full view during race riots across the country.
"I think it's fair to say in the '60s, police in America were in a somewhat primitive state, there was limited training, a lack of education, a lack of diversity," Krantz says.
The Commission concluded that to achieve more effective and fairer law enforcement, especially with the poor, minority groups and juveniles, there had to be a radical revision of police personnel practices. It also defined that the federal government's role in policing should be in providing grants to local and state law enforcement and developing community oriented policing that focused on police and residents working together to fight crime. Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says that push for ongoing training for police departments is one of the legacies of the crime report.
"We can always get better and be better," Johnson says.
The Johnson Commission concluded that seven objectives, including setting aside more money for basic research and devising different ways to deal with offenders, could help significantly reduce crime. Although many of the recommendations were wishful thinking, they did inspire changes beyond the 911 system. Here are just a few examples:
1. The Commission said there was no reliable research about crime, so it collected data on an unprecedented scale.
Legacy: The creation of the first national Crime Victimization Survey. Today, the Bureau of Justice Statistics samples households every year to collect information about crimes that are both reported and not reported to police.
2. The Commission called for improved training and professionalization for law enforcement
Legacy: Many police departments, especially in large cities, have training departments.
3. The Commission recognized and said there must be ways to lessen the tension between police and communities
Legacy: The development of the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) program
4. The Commission recommended that Congress creates a new office in the Justice Department devoted to assisting state and local law enforcement departments
Legacy: The creation of the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, the federal agency provides federal funds to state and local law enforcement for local crime initiatives and education
Although, the Johnson Report focused on actions government could take, the Commission stated that controlling crime was the business of every American and American institution. It called for taking steps beyond cooperating with police or accepting jury duty and declared that citizens must respect the law, refuse to cut corners and reject the cynical argument that "anything goes as long as you don't get caught."
Laurie Robinson, a co-chairperson of President Obama's White House Task Force on 21st century policing, says the Johnson Crime commission report was a guidepost for her group in a number of areas.
"We looked at the Johnson's Commission work on technology and of course we zeroed in on areas like body-worn cameras."
Now a criminologist at George Mason University, Robinson says the hallmark of the Johnson Crime Commission is that it spelled out new expectations for police, the courts, corrections and other players in the criminal justice system. She says that hadn't been done before on such a scale.
"The Johnson Crime Commission is really the most influential study of crime justice that has ever been undertaken in the United States," Robinson says.
Robinson and other legal scholars, including Stanley Krantz and Alfred Blumstein, will gather in a symposium in October to discuss the 50th anniversary of the "Challenge of Crime" report. There's also a bipartisan push in Congress to establish a new National Commission to, once again, review the country's criminal justice system from top to bottom.
Everyone remembers their old school for a few things inparticular. Each school always has its very own identity, and High School for Girls is no different.
One pupil who went to the school has told us eight things you would only know if you went there.
1. Non Nobis: Everyone's favourite school song. The words ‘Non Nobis Domine/Not unto us, O Lord' will forever be engrained into your head and whether you loved or hated it, the high-pitched squeal of 800 students trying to reach that last top note made it all worthwhile.
2. Cathedral Trips: Traipsing down to Gloucester Cathedral for the annual carol concert and birthday celebration was a mandatory excursion for most. Though two hours of hymns, speeches and the bitter cold was not everyone's idea of fun, it was better than lessons.
3. DEAL Lessons in Year 7: Discovery, Exploration And Learning. It probably did teach you invaluable skills such as team work, time management and perseverance, but three hours learning about the environment on a Thursday morning was not what you always wanted.
4. The Assemblies: Renowned for their length, sitting through an HSFG assembly was an endurance test. With Mrs Sawicka's speeches, the senior team's section, and the music and sports news to get through, you were guaranteed to leave that gym with pins and needles in both legs.
5. The Canteen: No matter how much they tried to make ‘The Dining Hall' mainstream, it was not to be - it was always ‘The Canteen'. Complaining about the rising food prices was also common; no one believed their (probably true) claims that it was to break even.
6. The Park: Only the Year 11s and Sixth Formers, who were free to leave the school grounds during lunch, would truly appreciate the park next-door. It was a perfect distance from the local chip shop, so you could finish off your salt and vinegar chips and still have time to lounge on the net swing.
7. End of Year Trips: The High School for Girls had some of the best end of year trips. Full Stop. Disneyland Paris, Alton Towers and the Warner Bros. Studios to name a few, they made a year of hard work worth it.
8. The Community: Being at an all-girls school had its perks; of course there were arguments but at the end of the day you were a sisterhood, who would support each other to the bitter end.
Transparency Market Research has published a new report titled “Tallow Fatty Acids Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020”. According to the report, the global tallow fatty acids market was valued at US$ 2.34 Bn in 2013 and is anticipated to reach US$ 2.74 Bn in 2020, expanding at a CAGR of 2.3% between 2014 and 2020. In terms of volume, the market stood at 1,484.3 kilo tons in 2013.
Read Report Overview @
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tallow-fatty-acids-market.html
Demand for tallow fatty acids was the largest from the soaps & detergents segment in 2013. Demand for tallow fatty acids is primarily generated by the cleaning & detergents market. The cleaning products industry is expanding significantly across the globe. The industry is examining the environmental impact and “green focus” of cleaning products to meet the environmental challenge. The global cleaning products market offers products that are application-specific and focused on social and environment safety. End-users include manufacturing, food and beverages, healthcare, retail, and other commercial industries. The market for soaps & detergents in Asia Pacific and South America is likely to expand significantly due to the changing lifestyle of people and growing modernization. This segment was followed by the plastics end-user segment in 2013. Demand for tallow based fatty acids is estimated to rise in the next few years, due to increasing demand for plastics in end-user industries such as building & construction and packaging.
Monounsaturated fatty acids formed the largest product segment of the tallow fatty acids market in 2013 and accounted for over 45% of the market share in the same year. Monounsaturated fatty acids with C18 and C16 groups are widely used in the soaps & detergents and cosmetics industries for the manufacture of a number of cleaning and grooming products. The segment was followed by saturated fatty acids where C18, C14, and C16 acid groups are used in lubricants, soaps, rubber, plastics and other end-users. Stearin, palmitin, and olein are three most important fatty acid esters used in the production of soaps.
Request to view Sample Report:
https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4527
Rising demand for soaps & detergents is projected to be the major factor driving the demand for tallow fatty acids in the near future. Additionally, increasing usage of tallow fatty acids in rubber and plastics industries is anticipated to contribute towards growth of the market. However, changing preference of manufacturers from animal based raw materials to vegetable based raw materials is likely to slow down market growth. Rising usage of tallow fatty acids in other emerging end-users such as pharmaceuticals and personal care products is estimated to provide new opportunities for the growth of the market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
BREAKING: Eric Boullier quits as McLaren's racing directorhttps://t.co/OK5m3f0bzc
Gil de Ferran becomes sporting director in revamped technical team pic.twitter.com/12Vtg3pU9P
PETER Handscomb is set to be axed from the Australian side vying to reclaim the urn in Perth, with Mitchell Marsh to return as the all-rounder.
It's a bitter pill for Handscomb to swallow, given he averages 47 in Test cricket and 12 months ago was injected into the line-up as a pillar around which Australia could rebuild its fortunes.
The sight of Handscomb hitting fielding drill balls to the Marsh brothers practising their slip catching appeared a clear sign that he is dead man walking.
Camera Icon Brothers Mitch Marsh and Shaun Marsh are set to play alongside each other at the WACA. Picture: Getty Images
Selectors are wary of the WACA deck being so flat that a fifth bowling option is a must, although Marsh himself has only bowled in one and a half Sheffield Shield matches this season since his return from shoulder surgery.
Australian staff have stated they aren't worried by the lack of miles under Marsh's legs, while the big right-hander is primarily out to rewrite a current Test batting average of 21.
It's something Marsh believes he is mentally capable of doing now he's banned himself from reading any negative feedback on social media.
VAUGHAN: Ex-skipper unloads on England's poor culture
BOWLING CARTEL: Aussie quicks toy with Mitch Marsh
MEMORABLE MOMENTS: Eight great WACA Ashes Test
Fast bowler Josh Hazlewood candidly admitted Australia would love the luxury of a “Jacques Kallis” to solve their all-rounder problems, but concedes an extra bowling option is always handy, especially on a wicket which he expects to offer precious little to the bowlers.
Marsh – who is set to bat at No.6 with brother Shaun shifting up the order to No.5 – says he is ready for his next big chance.
“I have to believe I'm the best all-rounder in the country to be playing Test cricket,” he said.
“But at the same time for me to be playing Test cricket I've got to be the sixth-best batsman in Australia.
Camera Icon Peter Handscomb is set to be axed from Australia's Test team. Picture: AAP
“That's always been the case and my bowling has always been a bonus.
“I went through a stage where I read everything, Facebook comments and all that sort of stuff.
“At the time it made me feel pretty shit to be honest, but people are entitled to their opinion and are passionate about cricket, so it's all good.
“I find them quite funny now and I actually think it's great that the Australian public can be so passionate about sport, especially cricket.
“People are always entitled to their opinions. Eight months ago I stopped reading everything pretty much. I think I'll probably stay that way.”
Handscomb's dropping is being framed as a conditions based decision, but the 25-year-old will now find it difficult to return to the line-up this Ashes series because the Shield season is on break and the only cricket available to him is the Big Bash League.
When Usman Khawaja was axed after just one Test in Bangladesh this year he suggested that it was the kind of decision that could create instability in the dressing room, and selectors may be risking similar uneasiness by benching a player with a record as sturdy as Handscomb's after just three innings – two of them against the pink ball.
Mitchell Marsh insists his body is up to whatever bowling challenge the third Test throws up.
“As many (overs) as the skipper needs me,” said Marsh.
Camera Icon Mitch Marsh is confident he can improve his Test batting average of 21. Picture: Getty Images
“I started (bowling) probably nine weeks ago. It's obviously a slow process and there's a lot of sports science behind these days to get your workloads up to a point where you're ready to go in a game.
“I've been bowling for a while and the body feels good.
“Rhythm-wise I'm feeling really good at the moment. It often takes a little while once you get back into bowling, but I feel pretty good.”
Handscomb has been forced to answer questions about his technique and confidence this Ashes series, but he has only had three innings at the crease, and two of them were in the pink ball Test.
A record of two hundreds and four 50s from 12 Test matches with an average of 47 suggests he is up to Test cricket.
However, Australia are wary of their last two years at the WACA, where getting 20 wickets has been an absolute grinding slog for bowlers.
Hazlewood expects this to be another dead WACA pitch.
“(It's been) pretty flat to be honest, especially the New Zealand game (two summers ago),” he said.
“Hopefully it has some pace to it, but over the last few years it hasn't been too good
“You always want an all-rounder but at the same time you want those runs at No. 6. It would be ideal to have a Jacque Kallis or someone like that but they are pretty special players.”
Abraham Lincoln is remembered for leading during the Civil War, freeing the nation's slaves, founding land grant colleges and becoming the first commander in chief assassinated in office.
Given all that, perhaps there just isn't room in the country's collective memory to recall his seminal role in creating the country's most despised and vilified government agency: The Internal Revenue Service.
It was 1861. Lincoln was in a financial bind. Also, he was in a war. To raise money to fight the Confederacy, Lincoln pushed for and won passage of an income tax and, a year or so later, established the Internal Revenue Bureau to collect what was owed.
Though Lincoln's tax was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1895 – the 16th Amendment, passed in 1913, created the income tax we endure today – historians and legal scholars credit the 16th president, a moderate Republican, with laying the foundation for progressive taxation enforced by the tax man.
These days, the people who know that wield it as political artillery.
What almost nobody remembers is how the New York Times' editorial page, derided by President Donald Trump and other modern-day Republicans, supported Lincoln and the income tax, particularly because the rich owed more.
People with incomes of less than $600 paid nothing. People who made more than $600 but less than $10,000 paid a 3 percent tax. Those with incomes above $10,000 paid a 5 percent tax. Luxury taxes were also imposed on tobacco, whiskey, cattle stock and other material and consumption desires of the wealthy. (Proposed taxes on watches, pianos and dogs were eliminated before passage of the income tax law.)
Editorial writers at the Times seemed pleased.
"The income taxes are so framed as to place the heaviest burthen upon that portion of the people who have the largest material stake in the country and the nearest interest in the integrity, public faith and lasting stability of the Government; the men of money and of productive stocks and other income paying securities," the Times wrote on March 4, 1862, using grammar and spelling that no longer make sense.
The Times also noted that an income tax would encourage citizens (at least the male ones) to be less tolerant of government corruption, perhaps laying the foundation for the investigative reporting that sprang up in newspapers after the Civil War.
"When every man in the community – every man in the United States – finds he must put his hands into his pocket and draw out a portion of his hard-earned gold and silver to deliver to a Government agent, he will not be indifferent any longer to how that money goes," the Times wrote. "If it is stolen by the Collector, or squandered by Congress through lobby legislation, or sequestered by Cabinet officers through nepotism in contracts, the people who have paid will know it, and they will know how to punish."
The Times were not totally in the tank for taxes, though. For one thing, the editorial page opposed taxes on newspapers. "It is certainly remarkable that republican American should impose a tax upon newspapers, the great educators in modern times," the paper said. That seems fairly self-centered until reading what else the newspaper opposed, such as taxes on locomotion.
"Social intercourse between people composing a nation is essential to domestic harmony," an editorial said. "To Southern soldiers captured on the battle field, the Northerners are simply monsters. The moment the two mingle, they cannot possibly see what they are fighting for. People living at a distance are always, in imagination, enemies of each other."
Wishful thinking. Thanks, Abe.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A huge stash of unexploded bombs have been unearthed at the site of the new Cambridge ice arena.
Nearly 200 self-igniting phosphorus incendiary devices were safely recovered from the construction project off Newmarket Road.
Building work was halted in December after workers suddenly discovered a cache of grenades underground.
An army bomb squad exploded some of the grenades before a private contractor was brought in to make the whole area safe.
A specialist team from MACC International eventually found a total of 194 of the Second World War weapons.
It is believed that the bombs were left on the site by Home Guard and lay hidden for decades.
A warning notice on one uncovered crate containing 24 "A. W. bombs" said they were "fragile", "highly flammable" and should be handled with "great care".
SIP grenades are milk bottle-like devices are filled with phosphorus and benzine which burst into flame when exposed to the air.
Cambridge's new ice arena is being built on land leased by Marshall of Cambridge and is part financed through a £1.85 million loan from South Cambridgeshire District Council.
The 340-seat arena will be one of the most energy efficient ice rinks in the UK and offer opportunities for figure skating, ice hockey, ice dancing, speed skating and ice discos.
Cambridge Leisure and Ice Centre (CLIC), the new ice arena owner, emphasised the building site had now been declared safe and construction work had resumed.
A spokesman for CLIC said: "The recent discovery and clearance of some Home Guard WWII incendiary devices during initial excavation of the site for the new Cambridge Ice Arena has, regrettably, resulted in a delay to the completion of this first phase of the project to deliver the much-anticipated new facility.
"In total, 194 self-igniting phosphorus (SIP) incendiary devices were identified and destroyed by a specialist team from MACC International, who have now declared the site safe for the excavation and construction work to continue under their supervision.
"Most importantly, no-one was injured through this process and ways to recover the time lost are urgently being explored in the hope that the venue can still open in autumn 2018."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leading Gloucestershire law firm Willans LLP has strengthened its corporate and commercial arm with the appointment of new partner Chris Wills.
Chris joins Willans having been a director and department head at a Legal 500-rated Truro firm.
He has over a decade of experience in advising commercial clients across a range of sectors on diverse transactions and issues, including mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity funding, joint ventures and shareholders' agreements, partnership and LLP agreements, group restructures and commercial collaborations.
Chris will help lead the firm's drive to enhance the firm's corporate and business related advisory work for its extensive client base ranging from major subsidiaries of foreign companies to private limited companies, family businesses, professional practices and start-ups.
Before arriving at Willans he handled the sale of numerous stores to the Co-operative Group and advised a leisure client on a sale to a US-headquartered private equity group.
He also has a particular interest in the renewable energy sector, having advised a multi-million pound company on the acquisition of a commissioned wind turbine project as well as having acted for an overseas developer on a joint venture to develop solar projects in Spain.
Head of Willans' Chambers-rated corporate and commercial team, partner Paul Symes-Thompson, commented: “Chris's arrival enables us to meet the ever-growing demands of our corporate and commercial clients.
“We're very pleased to welcome a lawyer of his calibre to help us continue to grow in this field”.
Commenting on his new position Chris said: “I'm excited to join a busy and expanding team with such an enviable reputation in a thriving business community.”
Willans' corporate and commercial practice was one of 11 of its departments to secure strong rankings in the latest edition of national independent guide The Legal 500, with a number of its lawyers receiving individual commendations.
The guide praises the firm's “knowledgeable, meticulous and extremely personable” corporate and commercial lawyers for providing “client- focused advice”.
NEW YORK: With European and US lawmakers calling for investigations into reports that Facebook user data was accessed by UK based consultancy Cambridge Analytica to help President Donald Trump win the 2016 election, investors are asking even more questions about the social media company's operations.
An increasingly vocal base of investors who put their money where their values are had already started to sour on Facebook, one of the market's tech darlings.
Facebook's shares closed down nearly 7.0 percent on Monday, wiping nearly $40 billion off its market value as investors worried that potential legislation could damage the company's advertising business. Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg is facing calls from lawmakers to explain how the political consultancy gained improper access to data on 50 million Facebook users. Cambridge Analytica said it strongly denies the media claims and said it deleted all Facebook data it obtained from a third-party application in 2014 after learning the information did not adhere to data protection rules.
“The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty,” said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data. The scrutiny presents a fresh threat to Facebook's reputation, which is already under attack over Russia's alleged use of Facebook tools to sway US voters with divisive and false news posts before and after the 2016 election.
“We do have some concerns,” said Ron Bates, portfolio manager on the $131 million 1919 Socially Responsive Balanced Fund, a Facebook shareholder.
“The big issue of the day around customer incidents and data is something that has been discussed among ESG (Environmental, Social and Corporate-Governance) investors for some time and has been a concern.”
Bates said he is encouraged by the fact that the company has acknowledged the privacy issues and is responding, and thinks it remains an appropriate investment for now. Facebook said on Monday it had hired digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to carry out a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica and the company had agreed to comply and give the forensics firm complete access to their servers and systems.
“What would be a deal-breaker for us would be if we saw this recurring and we saw significant risk to the consumer around privacy,” said Bates. More than $20 trillion globally is allocated toward “responsible” investment strategies in 2016, a figure that grew by a quarter from just two years prior, according to Global Sustainable Investment Alliance, an advocacy group.
New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer, who oversees $193 billion in city pension fund assets, said in a statement to Reuters on Monday that, “as investors in Facebook, we're closely following what are very alarming reports.”
Sustainalytics BV, a widely used research service that rates companies on their ESG performance for investors, told Reuters on Monday it is reviewing its Facebook rating, which is currently “average.”
“We're definitely taking a look at it to see if there should be some change,” said Matthew Barg, research manager at Sustainalytics.
“Their business model is so closely tied to having access to consumer data and building off that access. You want to see that they understand that and care about that.” ESG investors had already expressed concerns about Facebook before media reports that Cambridge Analytica harvested the private data on Facebook users to develop techniques to support Trump's presidential campaign.
Wall Street investors, including ESG funds, have ridden the tech sector to record highs in recent months, betting on further outsized returns from stocks including Facebook, Apple Inc and Google parent Alphabet Inc. Jennifer Sireklove, Director of Responsible Investing at Seattle-based Parametric, a money manager with $200 billion in assets, said an increasing number of ethics-focused investors were avoiding Facebook and other social media companies, even before the most recent reports about privacy breaches.
Parametric held a call with clients on Friday to discuss concerns about investing in social media companies overall, including Google.
“More investors are starting to question whether these companies are contributing to a fair and well-informed public marketplace, or are we becoming all the more fragmented because of the ways in which these companies are operating,” she said.
Richard J. Klouda, 52
Richard “Rick” J. Klouda of Setauket, New York, a former Westport resident, died Aug. 10 in Stony Brook (NY) University Hospital after a long battle with neurofibromatosis. He was 52.
Richard J. Klouda: former Westporter. Contributed photo former Westporter.
He was born Aug. 24, 1964 in Oceanside, New York to Mildred and Richard Klouda. He grew up in Smithtown, New York and graduated from Northeastern University in 1987 with a degree in finance.
He worked in the commercial banking Industry, most recently at Wells Fargo in White Plains, New York. He was a resident of Westport for 13 years and for the last few years he resided in Setauket.
He is survived by his two children, Emily Klouda of New York, New York, and Peter Klouda of Westport, his parents Mildred and Richard Klouda of Stony Brook, his sister Jeanne Jameson of Marana, Arizona, and his two brothers, Robert Klouda of Branford, and John Klouda of Smithtown.
A memorial celebration is scheduled for Saturday, Sept. 9 from 2 to 6 p.m. at his brother Rob's house: 1 Lomartra Lane, Branford, CT. Please RSVP here: http://evite.me/VwHe3KnWcp. All are welcome to attend and celebrate Richard's life.
In lieu of flowers please donate to Children's Tumor Foundation whose mission is to drive research, expand knowledge and advance care for the neurofibromatosis community in Richard's name.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A widely circulated report that President Donald Trump has signed an executive order calling for the deportation of immigrants who accept government welfare is false.
Trump has signed executive orders focusing on immigration, including a travel-and-immigration ban that has been put on hold by a federal court in Washington state, but none focused on deporting immigrants who receive welfare.
In recent weeks, drafts of possible executive orders have been leaked and one such draft did address immigrants who become a so-called “public charge” by accepting certain government benefits. The draft order was obtained by The Associated Press.
The draft order did call for such immigrants to face deportation, but it hasn't been signed by the president. And even if it were to be signed, it wouldn't change much. There's already a law that says immigrants who become dependent on certain government benefits can be kicked out of the country, though it's rarely, if ever, enforced. Immigrants in the United States illegally are also barred from receiving welfare and other public benefits.
__
This story is part of an ongoing Associated Press effort to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. Find all AP Fact Checks here: http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) — The market for a peculiar type of clay is looking up thanks to improved prospects for oil and gas drilling and to cat owners who use the stuff to soak up their pets' business.
Over 90 percent of all bentonite mined in the U.S. and almost half worldwide comes from beds of ancient volcanic ash in Wyoming. Some call bentonite the mineral of 1,000 uses: It clarifies wine and other alcoholic beverages, forms an impervious liner to keep landfills from leaking, removes ink during paper recycling, and goes into a slew of homeopathic remedies.
But two of the biggest uses are in kitty litter and drilling mud, the goop pumped down oil and gas wells during drilling to keep the bit cool and carry cuttings to the surface.
As the oil and gas industry's fortunes rise and fall, so can bentonite's. Over the past two years, bentonite mining companies that do a lot of business with the oilfield services industry suffered while the oil and gas industry experienced its worst slump in 20 years or more.
Now, oil and gas prices have recovered somewhat, and petroleum companies look to drill more soon. Bentonite sales likewise show new signs of life, said Rick Magstadt, vice president of manufacturing for bentonite miner Wyo-Ben Inc.
“I'm not going to hex it by saying that I think it's going to be a lot better, but we expect a better year than we did last year,” Magstadt said.
Bentonite assists drilling because of a property called thixotropy, which causes drilling mud to liquefy in the friction of drilling and solidify when the motion stops.
Cat litter has helped the industry ride out the oil and gas downturn, said Wyoming Mining Association Executive Director Travis Deti.
“The pet litter industry has been very steady,” Deti said. “That's a remarkable thing that I don't think people realize. We're kind of like the pet litter capital of the world.”
Drilling mud accounts for the largest portion of Wyo-Ben's business, while kitty litter and environmental lining round out the company's top three markets, Magstadt said.
Other bentonite mining and processing companies focus almost exclusively on kitty litter, and business has been steady, said Tom Thorson, president of Black Hills Bentonite, which gets 80 to 90 percent of its business from Clorox and other companies that make kitty litter.
Bentonite kitty litter isn't terribly kind to the environment because it comes from surface mines and flushing the stuff, which can absorb up to 10 times its weight in water and swell up to 16 times its original size, isn't a good idea. Bentonite-based kitty litter — millions of tons a year — takes up space in landfills and doesn't decompose.
But alternatives, such as corn-based litter, haven't really caught on despite growing demand for environmentally friendly pet products, said Shannon Brown, an analyst with the market research firm Packaged Facts.
Cat owners often find that biodegradable kitty litters, which can be quite a bit more expensive, doesn't work as well as bentonite-based litters, she said.
“They either don't like them or their cats don't like them. And so, in many cases, people will try them and then just go back to their standard, clay litter,” Brown said.
Nationwide, sales of kitty litter approached $2.9 billion last year. Three-quarters of cat owners buy kitty litter and three-quarters of those buy clay clumping kitty litter, according to Packaged Facts.
Recently the U.S. Bureau of Land Management approved Wyo-Ben's plans to expand a bentonite pit near Thermopolis in north-central Wyoming. It was a rare bit of good news for Wyoming's mining industry, hit hard by a downturn in coal and a recent BLM coal-leasing moratorium.
Wyoming, the top coal-mining state, produces about as much coal in four days as the state's nine bentonite mines do all year. The 4.3 million tons of bentonite mined nationwide last year was down 10 percent from the year before, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Bentonite mining and processing continues to employ almost 700 people in Wyoming, thanks in no small part to cat owners.
“It doesn't sound that sexy, but it's good for business,” Magstadt said.
___
Follow Mead Gruver at https://twitter.com/meadgruver
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
More Videos 0:27 RAW: Trinity INT ends Carroll's opening drive Pause 0:31 RAW: Arlington Bowie recovers fumble, caught from two angles 1:03 Top paid high school football coaches in the Fort Worth area 0:27 RAW: DeSoto's Lavontae Shenault, a future Horned Frog? 1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers 8:01 Tommy Manion describes BB gun incident with horse 2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments 0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards 0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast 0:46 Who earned game balls from the Cowboys-Rams game? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
RAW: Bad blood boiling at Duncanville-Cedar Hill game Near the end of the video clip,Duncanville defender Gyasi Smith steps on the face of Cedar Hill's Kebreyun Page. Near the end of the video clip,Duncanville defender Gyasi Smith steps on the face of Cedar Hill's Kebreyun Page. Nick Walters Special to the Star-Telegram
Near the end of the video clip,Duncanville defender Gyasi Smith steps on the face of Cedar Hill's Kebreyun Page. Nick Walters Special to the Star-Telegram
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
Contracts, mandates raise our local taxes
The firm hired by the Long Island Regional Planning Council to study our region's high taxes asked me, as a former county executive, for my thoughts on the issue. I agreed, but cautioned that the council must not take the easy way out: to simply call for more or different types of revenues [“Seeking revenue to cut property taxes,” News, April 18].
Unfortunately, that's exactly what the council did.
The root of high taxes on Long Island is not a lack of revenue, it's excessive costs that emanate from exorbitant municipal contracts and state mandates.
We don't need a higher sales tax, we need an end to state mandatory arbitration that's given us $200,000 police salaries. We need to eliminate overtime in pension calculations, limit termination pay for unused sick days, and end 20-years-and-out retirement plans. We need to eliminate the Triborough Amendment, which continues step pay increases even after a public contract expires. We need to convert taxpayer-guaranteed pensions to private sector-type 401(k) pensions for future public employees.
The report laments that these needed changes will not come about because they require state legislation. But rather than restating the obvious, that taxes are high, why not pressure the state to change these burdensome laws?
Steve Levy,Bayport
Editor's note: The writer is executive director of the Center for Cost Effective Government, an advocacy organization, and was Suffolk County executive from 2004 to 2011.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Fallout from Starbucks incident
Why is it that any negative interaction between white people and people of color is assumed to be racially motivated?
In Philadelphia, two black men entered a Starbucks, purchased nothing, and sat down. They said they were waiting for a friend. They were asked to leave and refused [“Starbucks eyes training on ‘unconscious bias,' ” News, April 17]. What gall! Police were called.
Why did these men believe they had the right to take up space provided for customers without supporting that business? Suppose they entered a restaurant and sat at a table to wait for a friend? Or any business, office or clinic that provides seating for customers?
It's not racial. These days, we're encouraged to say something if we see something. Any person loitering raises concern about possible violence. It's the times we live in that make people react in ways that they ordinarily wouldn't.
Chris Monzert, Lynbrook
I was disgusted by the situation at the Starbucks in Philadelphia. An employee called the police on two young black men because they refused to leave.
There was no indication that a crime was committed. The men were questioned and arrested. This issue has caused multiple protests, and remarks against Starbucks. I was intrigued to know the employee was no longer working at that store, and the Starbucks CEO apologized to the men.
Starbucks has decided to shut down 8,000 stores in the United States for one day for training to prevent bias. The training is a great idea. However, sessions should be held at least every three months, and focus on race and gender, and how to communicate during and deal with stressful situations. Employers should also encourage employees to contact a supervisor during a serious situation.
Andrea Armfield, Wyandanch
Cuomo's parolee-voter decision is an insult
I'm outraged that Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo will restore voting rights to parolees [“Gov: Parolees can vote,” News, April 19]. These people lost their right to vote because they were convicted of felonies and served more than a year in prison. They have shown a total disregard for the laws of New York State.
What will Cuomo do next, allow sex offenders to work in day care centers? This is an insult to law-abiding people.
Lawrence Paul, West Sayville
Editor's note: The writer is a retired Suffolk County police officer.
How are schools ensuring safety?
“Threats spike at LI schools” [News, April 2] sparked my concern for the mental health of students. The constant threats could be interfering with students' learning because they have to worry about their safety.
The story said Suffolk County police had responded to 189 threats this year, and 74 since the school shooting in Parkland, Florida, in February. That's almost double the number from last year, and 2018 is not even half over. Nassau County police reported similar trends.
Local school districts have re-examined their safety plans in response to the increased threats. Obviously, it's important to take threats seriously and thoroughly investigate each one. But what are we doing on a larger scale to ensure the safety of children in schools? Some schools require students to use see-through backpacks, but how does that solve the problem of threats and violence? It should also be noted that this article didn't address threats or acts of violence that have occurred outside of school.
Brianna Oliveri, North Babylon
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if he meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Advertisement
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say he sustained burns to his abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
— By Colleen Long
___
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to his body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say he is in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to him and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. He says it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve his ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind his back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
— Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Milind Dhaimade's directorial Tu Hai Mera Sunday that stars Barun Sobti, Shahana Goswami, Vishal Malhotra, Manvi Gagroo and Rasika Dugal is all set for its release on 6th October. The cast and makers kept several special screenings for their known friends from the industry. Wishes and congratulatory messages started pouring as soon they came of watching the movie. Many known directors and actors came to watch the film and have shown love towards this film through their social media.
The movie is based on five friends trying to find a place to play football on a Sunday and how their personal lives are connected to this entire incident. This is a complete Sunday movie package is what we can assume from its trailer, this fresh content seems like is going to bring a fresh breathing air amongst Bollywood. After Newton this is going to be the next film that will bring good content to Indian cinema, we all hope for the best and wait for this movie to release on big screens.
Amol Gupte says,”Saw such a beautiful movie ‘Tu Hai Mera Sunday‘ was sick… thank god Nyla Masood convinced me to step out…”
Gauri Shinde tweets,” #TuHaiMeraSunday what a beautiful beautiful film! Had to share this. Too good to miss. Must Must watch.”
#TuHaiMeraSunday what a beautiful beautiful film! Had to share this.Too good to miss. Must must watch. — Gauri Shinde (@gauris) October 2, 2017
Honey Trehan tweets,” #TuHaiMeraSunday unbelievably good… hats off for the first time writer/director and to an amazing cast simply “Brilliant”.. I must-watch
#TuHaiMeraSunday unbelievably good…hats off for the first time writer/director and to an amazing cast.simply “BRILLIANT' …I must-watch 👍 — Honey Trehan (@HoneyTrehan) October 2, 2017
Sandhya Mridul tweets,” After Newton saw another beauty today #TuHaiMeraSunday 2 wonderful films in one week. Acche din for cinema. Heart is full. Pure Joy”
After Newton saw another beauty today..#TuHaiMeraSunday!
2 wonderful films in one week. Achche din for cinema. Heart is full. Pure joy 💕 — Sandhya Mridul (@sandymridul) October 2, 2017
Saqib Saleem says,”#TuHaiMeraSunday is a small film with a massive heart. So well made and performed !! It deserves to be seen by everyone”
#TuHaiMeraSunday is a small film with a massive heart. So well made and performed !! It deserves to be seen by everyone. pic.twitter.com/0sL1CrmDhT — Saqib Saleem (@Saqibsaleem) October 1, 2017
“Hey guys, watched this really sweet film. Great casting, great performances. Check out the trailer.” AAMIR KHAN
Hey guys, watched this really sweet film. Great casting, great performances. Check out the trailer. https://t.co/opB52OkO5Y — Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) October 1, 2017
Trending:
“IN all the noise comes a beautiful little film that makes you smile from ear to ear…”GAURI SHINDE
“Milind has captured real human beings as they ‘should be'. Which is so rare & with so much reality in the scenario! Its such a beautiful experience!” BALKI
“What a delightfully refreshing film with such a relevant content of space crunch entertaingly scripted with crisp current colloquialisms and choice of actors and theit perfomances ” DOLLY THAKORE
“I can't remember the last time I watched a film and smiles from start to end. What a breath of fresh air – sweet everyday characters, impeccable casting, pitch performances. Sai Paranjpe ki duniya yaad aa gayi” – RENUKA KUNZRU
“The writing, performances, sound design, edit, frames, music – I'm betting everything was written down and so clear in Milind's head, because this level of easy story telling comes with great precision. Like Javedsaab said “yeh film likhi hui lag hi nahi rahi hai!” – JYOTI KAPUR DAS
Farah Khan tweets,” Wishing my old friends @janaktoprani @vishalmalhotra3 @shahanagoswami all d very best #TuHaiMeraSunday 2day… heard its “fantastick”
Neha Dhupia tweets,” Hearing such amazing things about #TuHaiMeraSunday. On my watch list. Good luck to the team! Releases today.”
OTTAWA - The Liberal government plans to introduce wide-ranging national security legislation next week that will include more robust oversight of Canada's border agency.
In addition to new eyes looking over the shoulder of the Canada Border Services Agency, the package will propose changes to ensure existing security watchdogs can exchange information and collaborate more easily on reviews, The Canadian Press has learned.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has consistently said his government has a responsibility to give security agencies the tools they need to keep Canadians safe, while preserving the rights and freedoms people cherish.
In that vein, the extensive set of measures will also follow through on Liberal promises during the last election to deal with "problematic elements" of omnibus security legislation ushered in by the previous Conservative government after a gunman stormed Parliament Hill.
The Conservatives created a new offence of promoting the commission of terrorist offences and broadened the government's no-fly list powers.
They also gave the Canadian Security Intelligence Service explicit authority to derail terrorist threats, not just gather information about them. However, many Canadians have expressed concerns that such disruption activities could violate the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
The Trudeau government has committed to ensuring all CSIS warrants respect the charter, to preserving legitimate protest and advocacy, and to defining terrorist propaganda more clearly.
It has also pledged that appeals by Canadians on the no-fly list will be subject to mandatory review.
Tens of thousands of people took part in the government's national security consultation and Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale recently said there was "a tremendous amount of consensus" on the platform promises.
The Liberals have already taken legislative steps to fulfil one of those commitments — creation of a special committee of parliamentarians to scrutinize security and intelligence activities, including those of the border services agency.
However, civil libertarians, refugee lawyers and committees of both the House of Commons and Senate have called in recent years to do more by instituting some form of independent monitoring of the border agency.
The British Columbia Civil Liberties Association issued a report this week outlining its proposals for civilian oversight and review of the agency.
Border officers can stop travellers for questioning, take blood and breath samples, and search, detain and arrest citizens and non-citizens without a warrant. The border agency's role in immigration detention has come under scrutiny following in-custody deaths.
But unlike the RCMP and CSIS, the border agency is not overseen by a dedicated review or complaints body.
Another nagging issue has long been the inability of existing watchdogs to share information about security-related complaints and cases due to legal restrictions.
It means watchdogs are often prevented from following the thread of investigations that involve some intelligence and police services, leaving complainants frustrated.
Legislative measures to permit sharing and co-operation would address decade-old recommendations from the commission of inquiry that examined the overseas torture of Maher Arar, a Canadian telecommunications engineer who was imprisoned in Syria.
The Liberal national security consultations revealed a strong desire to reduce the number of false positive matches with Canada's no-fly list and to improve the appeal process for anyone placed on the list, says a government summary.
A majority who took part in the consultations said the public safety minister should be required to decide within 90 days on any application from someone to have his or her name removed from the list.
— Follow @JimBronskill on Twitter
Two Dallas police officers were critically wounded by a gunman inside a Home Depot store in northeast Dallas and a manhunt continues for the shooter.
The officers were rushed to Texas Health Presbyterian Dallas hospital where they are being treated, said Dallas Police Chief Rene Hall.
Hall addressed the media at a news conference with Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings. They declined to provide details about the conditions of the two officers.
Rawlings said Dallas is once again "looking into the hell of heartbreak as our police department was attacked this afternoon."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
He added: "I am continued to be upset at the lack of respect at our police in our city and in our country."
A civilian, identified as a loss prevention officer at Home Depot, was also shot, but that person's condition was not known.
SHARE COPY LINK Two Dallas police officers were shot and are critically wounded after a shooting at a Dallas Home Depot on April 24, 2018. Watch police cruisers and armored vehicles make their way to the scene. Courtesy of Matt Howerton/WFAA
Hall said that the incident occurred about 4:12 p.m. at the Lake Highlands Home Depot in the 11600 block of Forest Central Drive off U.S. 75.
"What we know right now is that there was ... an officer working at Home Depot who called for assistance for an arrest. That's when our officers showed up," Hall said. "We do believe the person of interest is armed at this time. I do not have all the details of how he was able to get a gun and shoot all three of the officers at the Home Depot location. We're still investigating and reviewing video."
The suspect was identified as 29-year-old Armando Juarez, who has a lengthy criminal past, including felony theft and vehicle theft. Hall said the suspect apparently left the Home Depot in a white Ford, possibly F-250, white in color with “GX4” on the back fender, ladder rack, and large exhaust pipes rising from the front of the bed.
At this time police said that Juarez is a person of interest in the attempted capital murder of two police officers.
As officers responded to the shooting — in patrol cars, armored SWAT vehicles and police helicopters — the scene was eerily similar to the ambush and killing of five police officers in downtown Dallas on July 7, 2016.
Media reports say the two wounded police officers — a man and woman — were rookies and were off-duty when they responded to a call for back-up at the Home Depot, to assist the loss prevention officer in making an arrest to a suspect at the store. When the officers approached the suspect opened fire, striking the male officer in the back of the head and the female officer in the face.
"We need your help in finding this person of interest," Hall said. "If you see anything, if you know anything please contact the Dallas Police Department."
Police were still searching for Juarez near the Home Depot, including a heavily wooded area behind the store, on Tuesday evening. WFAA reports that Juarez is from Dallas and unemployed, but had previously worked with his father as a bricklayer.
Cheryl Gills was inside the Home Deport and she said an employee told her he heard six gunshots in an area near the back of the store. Then he saw two officers on the ground.
Other customers inside the Home Depot at the time told Fox 4 News that they were told to “Get out! Get out!”
One woman who was not identified said, “I heard gunshots … and ran straight for the exit.”
Law enforcement officers the Fort Worth Police Department, Texas Department of Public Safety and the Texas Rangers responded to the shooting.
We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
Hall said that the two officers were rushed to Texas Health Presbyterian Dallas hospital by members of the Dallas Fire& Rescue and were immediately brought to hospital rooms. Sources told WFAA that the male officer flat-lined in the operating room but was revived.
She added that at this time there are no donations set up for the families of the injured officers.
"We're just asking for your prayers. One of the families are here and we have another family on the way to the hospital so we're just asking for your continued prayers and support," Hall said.
However, Crimestoppers is offering an up to 5,000 reward for information that leads to the arrest and indictment in this incident.
We are closely monitoring the situation in northeast Dallas and praying for our officers and their families. @DallasPD — Mike Rawlings (@Mike_Rawlings) April 24, 2018
Dallas City Councilman Adam McGough, who represents the area, told The Dallas Morning News that he is praying for the officers and their families.
"It's just more reminder of what a dangerous job they have," he said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The red, white and blue silks of Cheveley Park Stud are among the most distinguished in Flat racing circles and over the years have become synonymous with many major-race winners.
While no strangers to success, the 2016 season will be one that stands out as being one of the most significant the David and Patricia Thompson-owned operation has ever enjoyed.
Having surpassed the best overall total of 58 following the victory of Spatial at Newmarket on August 26, a spellbinding season was crowned in November when Queen's Trust provided a first Breeders' Cup winner in the Filly & Mare Turf.
Managing director Chris Richardson said: “We had a few quiet years, which happens to everyone in racing, but we knew we had some with Sir Michael (Stoute) and others that had showed us plenty, like Queen's Trust.
“Clive Cox was also very sweet on Zonderland, so it had the air of potentially being a competitive season.
“August was an incredible month. We had 18 winners which was phenomenal and we surpassed our best total of 58 which was rather fitting.
“Prize-money both home and abroad was over £2.4million and we finished seventh in the British owners' table with 78 wins, which was the icing on the cake.”
As with every year there are winners that mean more than others, and having not had a runner at America's most recognised meeting since the fatal injury sustained by Funfair in the Breeders' Cup Mile 11 years ago, the victory of Queen's Trust provided that exact moment, with Frankie Dettori at his brilliant best.
Richardson added: “Queen's Trust was a filly Sir Michael has always believed in and she confirmed that ability in America.
“She had been a bit unlucky in running but had been performing well all season. However, it all came together in America.
“Sir Michael Stoute is a genius. He said we needed to persuade Mr and Mrs Thompson to go to America, as she deserved to take her chance in the Breeders' Cup.
“Frankie gave her a great ride and you could see her determination. I've had some phenomenal moments with Cheveley Park Stud, but that rates right at the top.”
While the victory of Queen's Trust at Santa Anita was the undoubted highlight of a year blessed with numerous Pattern-race winners, there were plenty of other names that played an integral part in helping the Newmarket based outfit hit the heights on home shores.
Richardson said: “We won four Group Three races and six Listed races, including a Royal Ascot winner, which showed we were competitive at that level, while Twilight Son, who we bought into last year, gave us another Royal Ascot Group One winner in the silks of breeders and joint-owners Godfrey and Caroline Wilson.
“On Her Toes who we bought in Ireland was very progressive, as was Red Box, while Spangled was another that just kept progressing to end up winning a Group Three.
“Glitter Girl is a tiny little tot and she was the one that did better than we dared hope.
“When she went into training William Haggas said ‘there is not a lot of her so we better crack on'. She ended up finishing fourth in the Rockfel and second in the Oh So Sharp.
“Persuasive was brought along beautifully over the year by John Gosden to give her the confidence to achieve what she did by winning at Royal Ascot and then the Atalanta Stakes before finishing second in the Matron Stakes.”
Away from the racecourse records also tumbled in the sales ring, while first season sire Mayson highlighted that when the day comes to retire the prolific stallion Pivotal, he could prove to be a more than adequate replacement to fill that void.
Richardson said: “The sales division worked as well as ever, with all the yearling colts being in high demand this year.
“Having sold Seven Heavens for 620,000 guineas in 2015 we hit a new top price for a yearling when selling the Frankel colt out of Peeress for 1.3million guineas to MV Magnier and partners.
“Pivotal turns 24 in January and he will cover between 60 to 65 mares next year. He is in great heart and he will tell us when he is ready to stop. To have sired 26 Group One winner and 137 stakes winners in a career spanning that many years is a piece of history.
“I think Mayson is an exciting stallion, though. He had 18 two-year-old winners this year and three individual stakes winners, with seven individual Stakes horses.”
With this year's star Queen's Trust set to stay in training plus having high hopes for a number of younger horses, Richardson's enthusiasm for another year blessed with plenty of winners looks to be an almost certainty.
He said: “Queen's Trust is back in training next year, but we have not discussed a programme. Ten furlongs is the ideal trip for her, but she has got the versatility to be competitive over a mile and a half.
“Clive Cox did brilliantly well with Zonderland. He ran extremely well in the Celebration Mile and hopefully he will be up to competing in the Group One mile races next year.
“We have a very nice two-year-old called Queen's Castle, who is a full-sister to Queen's Trust, and we also have a yearling half brother by Exceed and Excel with Roger Varian, called Cavalry.
“Even after 30 years with the Cheveley Park Stud we keep raising the bar even higher.
“It is exciting to consider what we have coming through, and with the numbers we have, we continue to hope for a certain level of success.”
Many of the age spots and moles can be unattractive and annoying, encouraging individuals to desire removal and blemish treatment.Mole and age spots removal services are available in Langley, Canada.
Give yourself a boost of confidence and a healthy glow with services designed to improve your skin conditions. You can depend on the professional and expert team at White Rock Laser Clinic for effective skin care treatments in the most comfortable environment.
Having worked with hundreds of clients, we continue to appreciate the response and believe in the utmost care and respect for each and every client. As a valued client at White Rock Laser Clinic, you will benefit from our non-surgical procedures, providing optimal results for your specific skin care needs.
All our non-surgical procedures are performed by high qualified and experienced dermatologists, you can be confident that each procedure is executed by trained professionals. We ensure safety and high quality results for all treatments.
As one of the best provider of skincare solutions in Langley, Canada, White Rock Laser Clinic offers effective laser skin care treatments to help skin stay healthy and maintain a youthful radiance.
Talk to one of our representative to determine what's right for you and get a customized treatment plan.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Royals activated All-Star catcher Salvador Perez and outfielder Alex Gordon from the disabled list and put them in the lineup for Tuesday night's series opener against the Brewers.
Perez has been out all season after straining a ligament in his left knee while carrying bags up a flight of stairs in his home. He was behind the plate and batting cleanup against Milwaukee.
Gordon tore the labrum in his left hip on April 9. He was in left field and batting seventh.
The Royals also recalled left-hander Eric Stout from Triple-A Omaha to provide bullpen help. They cleared roster space by putting right-hander Justin Grimm on the DL with lower back stiffness and sending catcher Cam Gallagher and outfielder Paulo Orlando to the Storm Chasers.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists, but had eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers.
Advertisement
Game 3 is Thursday night.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
The Cavs vowed they would play better after their near-disaster in Game 1 and they backed up their talk, delivering the kind of performance that was routine last season but very rare in 2017.
Love scored 10 straight and drew a charging foul on Lance Stephenson in a span of two minutes as the Cavs opened an 89-70 lead. Irving closed the quarter by draining a 3-pointer over Stephenson and the All-Star made sure Indiana's antagonizing guard knew about it, yapping in his direction long after the horn sounded.
The Cavs still led 109-91 with 6:09 left, but the Pacers ripped off 13 straight points and were within 113-109 when George hit a 3-pointer with 20 seconds left.
It continued a disturbing trend for the Cavs, who have been giving up late, big leads with regularity.
The other hitch for Cleveland was that starting guard J.R. Smith didn't play in the second half because of a left hamstring injury. Iman Shumpert, who sat the opener, replaced Smith and played 20 solid minutes.
Despite losing the opener, Pacers coach Nate McMillian insisted his team hadn't lost any confidence.
“We believe,” he said. “We came in believing, we still believe.”
It just got a lot harder.
TIP-INS
Pacers: Glenn Robinson III returned after missing the past 12 games with a strained left calf. He scored four in nine minutes. … C Al Jefferson was active, but didn't play. He's been out since March 26 with a sprained left ankle. … George has made at least one 3-pointer in 19 consecutive playoff games. … McMillan said the team was told by security officials to stay in their hotel Sunday night while Cleveland police searched for a suspected killer, who randomly murdered an elderly man while posting the shooting on Facebook. … Indiana is 0-9 when dropping the first two games in a series.
Cavaliers: James (357) jumped Magic Johnson (358) for third place in career playoff steals and hopped Robert Parish for eighth in rebounds. … A moment of silence was observed for Robert Godwin Sr., the 73-year-old tragically gunned down by the Facebook assailant. … Stephenson had a strong workout with Cleveland in January before latching on with Indiana, but coach Tyronn Lue said his recent injury issues — groin surgery and an Achilles issue — dissuaded the Cavs from signing him. … James has scored at least 30 points with 10 assists in 13 career playoff games, trailing only Jerry West (14) and Michael Jordan (15).
UP NEXT
After two days off, the series resumes in Indianapolis on Thursday. The Pacers went 29-19 at home during the regular season.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
CLINTON, Tenn. (WATE) — A man in Clinton is accused of writing multiple threatening letters to judges.
An Anderson County Grand Jury returned an indictment charging Ronald Jennings Taylor, 52, with one count of retaliation for past action on Tuesday. Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Taylor was booked into the Anderson County Jail on Friday on unrelated charges.
TBI said they began investigating threats made against three Anderson County Judges in November 2016 at the request of 7th District Attorney General Dave Clark. Agents said the investigation revealed Taylor wrote letters threatening to harm the judges and mailed them to the judges.
One of the clear areas of ascendency for the Labor Party over its rivals in recent decades has been the ability to create what is known as the political narrative.
Modern politics has been reduced by technology and the media to not much more than a marketing exercise, and Labor was quicker to realise it, smarter in adapting and more skilful in using it.
Kevin Rudd's 2007 election campaign was a case in point. Labor wove a range of populist policy initiatives into public resentments to craft a winning message, painting John Howard's coalition as stale and out-of-touch.
The truth sometimes doesn't get in the way of a good story and many Australians lived to regret the choice they made at that election as Rudd's facade crumbled and led to years of dysfunction.
And Labor showed with its Mediscare scam in the dying days of the last Federal election campaign — which very nearly snatched the poll — that a big lie cleverly told can fit into a narrative if there's not enough time to get found out.
Labor in WA didn't really need a comprehensive story to get rid of Colin Barnett last year.
His government — which tried to create a narrative mid-term about The Big Picture — brought itself down through fiscal recklessness. That created its own story.
“Political narratives can be powerful when crafted properly, but they can also develop negatively on their own if governments do not carefully manage their activities.”
And Mark McGowan is now seeing a negative narrative form around his Labor Government over a series of poor decisions to cut costs in education, mainly in the country.
This has rapidly created a prism through which it is seen. It depicts an administration whose concerns end at Perth's city limits and isn't good at listening.
For instance, after many weeks of ignoring the letters pages protests in this newspaper about the Schools of the Air cuts, the Government continues the self-harm over the closure of Moora Residential College.
Then silly decisions on things like water quality in a handful of schools become big stories.
So political narratives can be powerful when crafted properly, but they can also develop negatively on their own if governments do not carefully manage their activities.
It was against this backdrop that Labor leader Bill Shorten made a speech this week to the National Press Club, setting out his political objectives with the clock ticking down to the Federal election next year.
In some ways, the full text of Shorten's speech is irrelevant because the content that really counts is that which is picked up in the media, mainstream and social.
However, analysing its messages is useful to grasp the political narrative he intends to take to the polls.
The centrepiece was promises of higher wages and lower costs of living, framed in green-eyed class war rhetoric: “No more law of the jungle and survival of the fittest.
“Can we do better than a society where your postcode and your parents' wealth determines your destiny?”
Shorten is not the first Australian Labor leader to venture into that territory. This was Paul Keating in his famous 1992 Redfern speech: “However intractable the problems seem, we cannot resign ourselves to failure, any more than we can hide behind the contemporary version of Social Darwinism which says that to reach back for the poor and dispossessed is to risk being dragged down.”
The crucial difference is that Shorten's narrative style was to create a culprit where Keating appealed to our better selves for a solution.
“So why are big companies keeping workers' wages low?” Shorten asked.
“It's the same reason that they are farming people out to labour hire companies. It's the same reason they try to turn every job they can into a casual job. The same reason CEOs put up their own pay and up again.
“It is because they can. And what are the Liberals doing about it?
“They're attacking unions who fight for pay rises for workers.
“They back arbitrary cuts to weekend penalty rates — for some of Australia's lowest-paid workers — people who give up their Sundays and public holidays to provide for their family.”
Shorten's language there was particularly tricky.
He had to say the Liberals “back” penalty rate cuts because they were imposed by the independent Fair Work Australia tribunal that Shorten had a hand in creating.
He just isn't prepared to abide by its judgments.
Apart from his declaration of war on the business community, Shorten then developed a theme that the salvation of Australia's economy rests with the unions.
However, the most recent statistics show private sector union membership at a record low 9.3 per cent of the workforce. What keeps the movement afloat is the 38 per cent coverage in the public sector.
But that doesn't intersect with the wages argument Shorten was advancing, unless taxpayers are going to bear the brunt of pump-priming the economy by throwing cash at public servants.
There was no suggestion of any policy development like the successful Hawke-Keating prices and incomes accord here. No detailed solutions at all, in fact.
And his call for “a real, living wage, effectively raising the pay of all Australians, particularly the 2.3 million who depend upon the minimum rates in the awards” leaves him exposed to questioning about how he achieves it.
But Shorten's narrative really hit the wall when he addressed cost of living issues, the biggest of which is energy prices, while still backing a 50 per cent renewables target for 2030.
“If we want lower prices and more secure energy we have to back the transition to renewables,” Shorten said.
Will anyone with half a brain trying to balance a household budget believe that fairy story?
This divisive narrative has the ability to devour Shorten. It is hollow and populist.
The test for the conservative side of politics is to nail the lies inherent in Labor's new mantra of an unfair society.
This time they will not be able to argue they were ambushed.
And they will need to convince voters they can forge a prosperous society.
These competing narratives will decide the winner.
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
After three years of silence, Lilongwe based RnB Gospel Musician Enock Kabuli a.k.a “Mwana wa Igwe” is back with new single titled ‘Pakala Pakala' scheduled to officially hit the airwaves on Monday, 5 February.
Kabuli told Nyasa Times that his new coming is unique and people should expect soul touching songs that will transform many.
“Malawians should expect great things from me and they should know that God has entrusted me with the message that will transform many people and I promise to spread the word of God using my talent across the country “He said
Kabuli added that he is very passionate in singing for the Lord “gospel music is a conception of the heart,” she said.
Making the announcement on his Facebook page and Whatsapp posts, the singer said Malawians should expect more mature music from him this year.
Meanwhile, the response from Kabuli followers, looking at their comments on his Facebook post, show that fans have been keenly looking forward to more of the singer's new music and full album.
According to Kabuli, the song has been produced by Madela of King of strings in Lilongwe.
Listening to his new single ‘Pakala Pakala' one can easily say, yeah! The artist is matured enough and knows what he is doing thus giving thirsty to press a repeat button and keep the ear wide open to enjoy the lyrics, indeed the song is unique.
In the song kabuli is advising Christians not to have a chameleon mentality that changes for any environment as most hypocrisy Christians do but rather remain truthful and worship the living God alone.
The artist gained fame in 2014 when he released the most versatile album titled “Dalaiva that contained some popular songs including ndi ambuye, ambuye akhalemo and Taoloka among others.
The album made him a name and he became an instant success. It brought a new touch of diversity which people in the gospel circles had been missing.
Follow and Subscribe Nyasa TV :
A group of truck-driving good Samaritans answered a call to help save a man threatening to commit suicide by jumping off a freeway overpass on Tuesday.
Michigan State Police and local officials rounded up a group of 13 semitruck drivers to form a line below a bridge over a Detroit freeway — Interstate 696 — to significantly shorten the fall of the unnamed man if he had leaped.
He was first reported standing on the edge of the bridge above oncoming traffic just before 1 a.m., Lt. Mike Shaw, a Michigan State Police spokesman, told NPR.
Officers responded by closing down traffic across all six lanes heading in both directions.
"It's the first step in potential jumper situations," Shaw said, explaining that it helps calm down suicidal people, keeps cars driving below from crashing into each other and eliminates the possibility of anyone encouraging an unstable person to jump.
Next, troopers began sending semitruck drivers on a detour that re-routed them to end up below the overpass.
According to Shaw, that is standard protocol.
"It provides a safety net for the person in case they happen to lose their grip and fall or if they decide to jump," Shaw said. "With the trucks lined up underneath they're only falling about five to six feet as opposed 15 or 16."
After about two hours of engaging with officials the distressed man willingly backed off the edge and is receiving help, Shaw said.
"He was looking to take his own life but we were able to talk to him and find out what his specific trigger was and helped correct it," Shaw said.
In all, the ordeal lasted about three hours.
State police authorities posted a photo of the "truck wall" on Twitter using it as an opportunity to remind the public of help available 24 hours a day to anyone thinking about suicide.
"In that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255," it read.
While Austin Romine said his hamstring is feeling better, he was still held out of the Yankees' lineup Wednesday to get an extra day of rest.
“I think I could play. I played in a game the other day and caught an 104-mile-per-hour fastball,” said Romine, who left Saturday's game and has been out of the starting lineup since with a hamstring injury. He appeared as a substitute Monday.
Romine added his hamstring feels “really good today” and there have not been any setbacks. An MRI on his hamstring came back negative, but Aaron Boone told reporters he wanted to give Romine back-to-back days off ahead of the team's upcoming 11-game road trip. Thursday is the team's last scheduled off day before the All-Star break from July 16-19.
“He's so important to us the next couple of weeks that, with the off day, I don't want to push him,” Boone said. “[Backup catcher Kyle Higashioka] has done a nice job in there for us. [I'm] basically just trying to steal another day, because we'll lean on [Romine] pretty heavily on this next road trip. We have a doubleheader coming up and no off day after [Thursday].”
Romine said he understood the decision, but still said it was “frustrating.”
“I definitely want to play,” he said. “You see the type of team that's here. You want to be out there as much as you can . . . To not be able to do that is tough. I'd love nothing more than to be out there playing with the guys.”
Romine himself was filling in for Gary Sanchez, who is on the disabled list with a groin injury, and has been one of the pleasant surprises of the season. He is hitting .271 with a .336 on-base percentage and .469 slugging percentage in 33 games.
Higashioka is just 2-for-13 since being called up in late June, but both of those hits were home runs.
COLUMBUS, Ga. – A special TV program on Investigation Discovery about the ‘Stocking Strangler' is bringing attention to Columbus. The hour-long episode aired Monday night and covered a string of rapes and stranglings in the late 1970s.
Carlton Gary, the man convicted of three of those rapes and murders in 1986, appeared in superior court earlier this year trying to win a new trial.
Seven women were raped and strangled to death in Columbus in 1977 to 1978. Six of the incidents occurred in the Wynnton neighborhood area,which is now known as Midtown. The first happened in 1977. The last one occurred in 1978 outside of the Wynnton neighborhood area on Steam Mill Road.
Retired Ledger-Enquirer columnist Richard Hyatt was featured in the show and shares his experience covering the string of crimes and ‘Stocking Strangler' trial in 1986.
“I would come home at 11 or 12 at night or later and invariably go through a road block or blue lights flashing because they were just, the police were on edge and the community was on edge,” Hyatt explained.
Carlton Gary was identified as a suspect in 1984 and Hyatt remembers as Gary was brought to Columbus that May.
“I've always described it as he arrived like a rock star. He was very cocky,” Hyatt described.
Gary's trial started two years later.
“The trial was unusual because his defense didn't put up a case to everyone's surprise,” Hyatt said.
Gary was charged with three of the murders.
“The sentencing was quick and clean if a capital case can be so,” Hyatt said.
Gary was sentenced to death.
“That was 1986 and here we stand in 2017 and Carlton Gary was back in a local courtroom just two or three weeks ago so, it's still going. Clock is still ticking,” Hyatt said.
He says he saw some of the victims' family members in the courtroom a few weeks ago.
“It's a reminder of that it wasn't just these women who were victimized. Their families are scarred and this community is scarred by all the things that happened that many years ago,” he said.
Gary's defense team is still actively appealing the case and trying to get him a new trial.
On Friday morning, the Norwegian Nobel Committee awarded the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), an international consortium of nongovernmental organizations, for "its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its groundbreaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons." In July, 122 United Nations member states signed on to a Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons pushed by ICAN, which will be legally binding on signatories once 50 nations ratify it.
BREAKING NEWS The 2017 Nobel Peace Prize is awarded to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) @nuclearban #NobelPrize pic.twitter.com/I5PUiQfFzs — The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 6, 2017
The Norwegian Nobel Committee noted that none of the nuclear powers signed the treaty, and said getting their buy-in was the next stage in the fight for global nuclear disarmament. In a news conference afterward, committee chairwoman Berit Reiss-Andersen waved off suggestions that awarding the peace prize to ICAN was a message to President Trump, saying it was encouragement for all nuclear-armed powers.
Watch the very moment the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize is announced! #NobelPrize pic.twitter.com/H0AtcRU7tn — The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 6, 2017
"The Norwegian Nobel Committee is aware that an international legal prohibition will not in itself eliminate a single nuclear weapon," it said in its press release, but five of the original nuclear powers have signed on to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of 1970, and that "will remain the primary international legal instrument for promoting nuclear disarmament and preventing the further spread of such weapons. ... It is the firm conviction of the Norwegian Nobel Committee that ICAN, more than anyone else, has in the past year given the efforts to achieve a world without nuclear weapons a new direction and new vigor." Peter Weber
Crowds gather along St. Andrews Road in Irmo for the 2017 Okra Strut Parade on Sept. 30, 2017. This year's grand marshals were Richland County Officers that appear on the A&E television network show "Live PD." Here, from left, Deputy Chris Mastrianni, Sheriff Leon Lott and Deputy Kevin Lawrence greet and take photos with the crowd as they make their way down the parade route. File photo. Rob Thompson rthompson@thestate.com
VOL. 41 | NO. 6 | Friday, February 10, 2017
NASHVILLE (AP) — An estimated $100,000 price tag has caused a Republican state senator to revise his proposal to require the POW-MIA flag to be flown over the Tennessee Capitol year-round.
Sen. Mark Green of Ashland City said the flagpole above the Capitol building is only strong enough to carry the U.S., state and legislative flags that are required to be flown when the General Assembly are in session. The projected $100,000 is what it would take to add a fourth flag.
Green amended his bill to only require the POW-MIA flag over the Capitol when the General Assembly is not in session and the legislative flag is not on display.
After approving that change, the Senate State and Local Government Committee voted to advance the bill to a full floor vote.
When it comes to her workout routine, Jennifer Aniston likes to mix it up.
“I go in and out of [certain exercises],” the actress, 48, tells Vogue.
One of her favorite classes is The Class by Taryn Toomey, a “yoga bootcamp,” as Aniston once called it. Otherwise, she typically works out with her trainer or on her own.
“I'm back in the gym with my trainer, throwing heavy boulders around and pushing medicine balls and wiggling and shaking that big rope thing,” she says, describing battle ropes. “They're hard! But it's fun. I started doing that when I was filming We're the Millers and I really liked it. It kicks your butt, though, so I dip in and out of that throughout the year.”
Aniston also has a trick to get through a long elliptical session — intervals.
“I do 45 mins of intervals on my elliptical. I raise the incline, run for two mins, walk for one, run for two. . . and I do it for 20 minutes straight until I'm just drenched,” she explains.
RELATED VIDEO: When Does Jennifer Aniston Feel Sexiest?
Fitting in exercise is an important part of the day for Aniston. She previously told PEOPLE that she feels her best post-gym.
“I feel really beautiful when I finish a great workout. Because I've taken care of my body, my endorphins are going, my blood is pumping,” she said. “I'm taking care of the one body I have.”
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- Receiving anesthesia before age 3 does not appear to affect a child's intelligence, according to a new study.
However, having anesthesia a number of times at a young age may affect fine motor skills, behavior and learning problems, the Mayo Clinic researchers found.
"For the majority of kids undergoing surgery, the results overall are reassuring," said lead author Dr. David Warner, a pediatric anesthesiologist at the Mayo Clinic Children's Center in Rochester, Minn.
"About 80 percent of kids who need surgery under age 3 only need one, and it's relatively brief," he said in a clinic news release.
In 2016, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned that prolonged or repeated sedation before age 3 may affect brain development. The warning was based largely on data from animal studies.
To get a better idea of how anesthesia affects young children, the current study looked at nearly 1,000 people born between 1994 and 2007. They were grouped according to their exposures to anesthesia before age 3: Around 200 had two or more, 380 had one, and more than 400 had none.
Ear, nose and throat procedures were the most common operations the participants had undergone.
At ages 8 to 12 and 15 to 20, all three groups were similar in terms of IQ, memory and several other measures of brain function, according to the study authors.
But kids who had anesthesia once under age 3 were said to have more problems with so-called executive function -- skills that help with memory, impulse control and planning.
Those who had anesthesia several times before age 3 had slight deficits in fine motor skills -- such as those needed to use a pencil -- and processing speed when reading. Their parents also reported more learning and behavioral problems.
"Although we do have some concerns about the children who are receiving multiple anesthetics, it's important to note that our results don't allow us to conclude that anesthesia itself is causing problems," Warner said.
Other factors, such as the conditions that make surgery necessary, could contribute to problems, he said.
"However, the fact that we found some problems in some of these children means that research in this area needs to continue, including further analysis of our data," Warner concluded.
The findings appeared April 18 in the journal Anesthesiology.
More information
The American Academy of Pediatrics has more on anesthesia.
-- Robert Preidt SOURCE: Mayo Clinic, news release, April 18, 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Carrickergus Cricket Club have issued a statement after they were stripped of the Intermediate Cup within hours of beating Donaghcloney Mill in Saturday's final.
The club's second eleven defeated Donaghcloney Mill by fours wickets, but within minutes of the game ending, it is believed a whistle-blower contacted the NCU to say that 16-year-old Luca Johnston was ineligible to take part.
The statement read as follows: “Carrickfergus Cricket Club was delighted that its second eleven won an entertaining Intermediate Cup final against Donacloney Mill on Saturday, August 12. Following this win, we were made aware by NCU officials that they have been contacted by an individual alleging we had fielded an ineligible player.
“We were advised by the NCU that the player in question was registered, and eligible, only to play in league matches.
“Our committee immediately launched an internal investigation, and following its conclusion, we accept that we have made a genuine error, and that the player in question was not eligible to play in Saturday's final. We regret the fact that this matter was raised directly with the NCU just minutes after the final, however we accept our mistake.
“As a consequence the committee has agreed to forfeit our win and to return the Intermediate Cup to the NCU.
“We would like to pass on our congratulations to Donacloney Mill, who will now be crowned Intermediate Cup winners. We apologise, unreservedly, to them for making a genuine mistake which has undoubtedly overshadowed the final, WE also thank them for being worthy opponents, and for the great sportsmanship they showed on Saturday, both during and after the game.”
The global Titanium Dioxide Market is expected to reach USD 27.49 billion by 2024 owing to the increasing demand of titanium dioxide in paper, paint & coating, cosmetics, and plastic industries. In 2014, DuPont titanium technologies started a manufacturing facility in Alamira, Mexico having a capacity of 200,000 tons/year which will help in fulfilling the demand worldwide.
Rising demand for lightweight automobiles is expected to play a vital role in growth of global titanium dioxide market. Materials such as polycarbonates are used in manufacturing of lightweight automotive which have low scratch resistance value. Also, the product is used in various industries such as chemical intermediates, fiber, technical titanium, inks for printer and rubber.
Keeping these driving factors in mind, companies are ramping up their production capacity. In 2015, PPG International entered in a partnership agreement with Henan Billions Chemicals Co. LTD. to setup a new manufacturing unit for titanium dioxide which is expected to produce 100,000 metric tons per year to expand its footprint in Asia Pacific. Companies such as Argex Titanium are using unique patented CTL process which involves low cost feed stock material and solvent extraction method to produce high quality product.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/titanium-dioxide-industry
Also, companies are focusing on increasing the applications of titanium dioxide int water treatment using techniques such as photo catalysis, in which titanium dioxide is used to speed up the solar disinfection process.
In 2016, paint & coating segment contributed 57.4% in terms of revenue. It was also extensively used in plastics industry, paper industry, inks, and other specialty segments. The growth of these sectors is expected to boost the market positively over the next few years.
Plastic industry was the second largest segment due to the increasing applications as an excellent thermal stabilizer. In 2016 plastics segment contributed 23.2% in terms of revenue and is expected to grow with a positive CAGR during forecast period.
Paper industry is the third largest user of titanium dioxide and contributed 10.4% in terms of revenue globally. Titanium dioxide is used in manufacturing of decorative papers, these are used in manufacturing of flooring, furniture and wallpapers. Demand for high-end furniture is increasing which is expected to boost the demand for titanium dioxide. The paper industry is expected to contribute about 10.4% during the forecast period.
The global titanium dioxide market is expected to grow at a very lucrative rate due to its use in various above mentioned industries. Also, titanium dioxide is used as a substitute for talc and kaolin which in turn is expected to boost the market for titanium dioxide.
Hexa Research has segmented the global TiO2 market on the basis of manufacturing process, ore, application and region:
Segmentation by manufacturing process, 2014 – 2024 (Kilo Tons) (USD Million)
• Chloride route
• Sulfate process
Segmentation by ore, 2014 – 2024 (Kilo Tons) (USD Million)
• Anatase
• Rutile
Segmentation by application, 2014 – 2024 (Kilo Tons) (USD Million)
• Paints & coatings
• Plastics
• Paper
• Inks
• Specialties
• others
Segmentation by region, 2014 – 2024 (Kilo Tons) (USD Million)
• North America
• U.S.
• Canada
• Europe
• Germany
• UK
• Asia Pacific
• China
• India
• Central & South America
• Brazil
• ME
• Africa
Key players analyzed:
• Argex Titanium Inc
• The chemours company.
• Cristal
• KRONOS worldwide Inc.
• Tronox limited
• Ishihara sangyo kaisha LTD.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/paints-coatings-and-printing-inks-industry
YORK, Pa. (AP) - One of five black women golfers who were told to leave a Pennsylvania club said Tuesday it felt like they were playing "with targets on our backs."
Representatives of the Grandview Golf Club in York told the group at the second hole they were playing too slowly Saturday, said Sandra Harrison.
After the ninth hole, an hour-and-a-half later, the group of white men told them they took too long a break and needed to leave.
Harrison said she and two other women left because they were so rattled by the treatment.
"It was like we were playing with targets on our backs," she said. "What other reason could there be other than we were guilty of being black while golfing?"
The club called police on the two women who remained. No charges were filed.
Club co-owner JJ Chronister has said she called the women personally to "sincerely apologize."
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have employees who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the country and world. They're very familiar with golf etiquette, Harrison said.
One of the women who remained and met with police, Sandra Thompson, posted a video on her Facebook page showing the interaction with club co-owner Jordan Chronister, his father, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, and several other white, male employees.
In it, Jordan Chronister tells the woman he's been timing them and tells them to leave the premises. The women argued they took an appropriate break, and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off.
The women were told that the police had been called, and so they waited.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
"We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges," Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel told the York Daily Record.
JJ Chronister told the newspaper Sunday that she called the women personally to apologize. She said she hopes to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
LAWRENCEBURG, Tenn. (WKRN) – A former Tennessee police officer is accused of pawning two department-issued weapons.
Robert Jason Gann was indicted on charges of theft and official misconduct, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, which confirmed it was investigating a missing firearm last week.
Agents began investigating Gann on Jan. 23. Since then, they reportedly developed information that he pawned two department-issued guns while working at the Waynesboro Police Department.
He allegedly pawned the weapons in Lawrenceburg on several occasions. The TBI says the final time he pawned a handgun, he didn't pick it up and it was reportedly sold by the pawn shop.
According to a press release, Gann resigned from his job with the police department before information about the incident surfaced. He then took a job with the Wayne County Sheriff's Department.
The TBI says his he was fired when the sheriff's department learned of the allegations against him.
On March 30, the Wayne County Grand Jury returned indictments, charging the Iron City man with one count of theft and four counts of official misconduct.
Gann was arrested Monday and booked him into the Wayne County jail on $15,000 bond.
Ravens 38
Steelers 39
In a shootout that runs counter to everything we're used to seeing in this rivalry, Pittsburgh paid tribute to Ryan Shazier by clinching their third AFC North title in four years not with defense, but with Ben Roethlisberger's NFL-record third 500-yard passing game and Chris Boswell's fourth go-ahead field goal in the last minute of the 4th quarter in as many tries this season. The Steelers' Killer B's are most definitely on the swarm.
(AP Photo/Don Wright)
Corn is considered to be the most successful food, feed, and industrial cereal and corn flour, corn oil, corn flakes, corn syrup, pop corn, rice corn, and soap are some of the popular corn products used globally. Corn oil, pale yellow colored oil procured from kernel of corn was commercially produced in 1889. It is used as a cooking medium and for manufacturing hydrogenated oil. Corn oil also has various therapeutic properties which makes it vulnerable for its use in various applications. It is also known to provide various health benefits which such as, it lowers the cholesterol, improves heart health, and lowers blood pressure and as emollient for skin among others. These factors have led to high demand for corn oil in the market. The increase in demand for corn oil in biodiesel manufacturing and its use as a feedstock for other fuels is also projected to propel the market growth in the projected period. The global corn oil market was valued at around USD 200 million in 2017 and is expected to expand at a CAGR between 4.0% to 5% from 2019 to 2024.
Download a sample copy of report https://axiommrc.com/request-for-sample/?report=1453
The Corn Market oil segmented Based on Type, geography and Applications:
The global corn oil market has been segmented based on type, application, and geography. Based on types, the global corn oil market is segmented into edible and non-edible oil. Based on applications, the global corn oil market is segmented into biodiesel, cooking oil, soap making, paints, textiles, and others. Among various applications, cooking oil accounted for major share in the global corn oil market in 2017 and this segment is further expected to remain dominant in the near future expanding at a CAGR of 4.4% from 2019 to 2024. Other application segments are also expected to showcase significant growth thereby boost the demand for corn oil over the forecast period from 2018 to 2024.
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography:
Based on geography, the global corn oil market has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America comprises U.S., Canada, and Mexico whereas Europe would primarily cover Germany, France, UK, Italy, and Rest of Europe. The key countries included under Asia Pacific are China, Japan, India, Australia, and Rest of Asia Pacific. In Latin America, Brazil, Argentina, and Rest of Latin America are the key segments whereas in the Middle East & Africa, South Africa and Rest of MEA are the key segments covered in the report. Europe accounted for the largest share in the global corn oil market; it is further projected to dominate the global market by 2024. Asia Pacific accounted to have a second highest share for corn oil due to growing demand for corn oil as cooking oil in most of the countries in the region.
Get more details about this Report @ https://axiommrc.com/speak-to-analyst/?report=1453
The Global Corn oil Market Is Led by Leading Manufacturers:
• FEC Solutions,
• Associated British Food plc,
• GreenField Specialty Alcohols Inc.,
• YONCA GIDA SAN.,
• Archer Daniels Midland Company
• ConAgra Foods Inc.,
They poked the Bear hard — one, two, three times in a row, then wrestled the thing to the ground.
The mistake the Senators made, once again, was waiting for someone to count the Bruins out.
Ottawa's lack of killer instinct made life more difficult than it needed to be in Game 3 of a best-of-seven playoff series with Boston that was tied 1-1 before Bobby Ryan's overtime heroics.
When Mike Hoffman scored his second goal of the game at 3:42 of the second period to give the Senators a 3-0 lead, it was with the team's 16th shot on goal. At the time, the Bruins had tested Craig Anderson just four times.
Going back to the third period of Game 2, the Senators had scored six unanswered goals. They had the series by the reins.
Cue the collapse.
The Bruins scored three goals in a span of 7:46, the first two 42 seconds apart, and their momentum stemmed from a seemingly nonchalant play by Anderson.
John-Michael Liles' harmless point shot was deflected in front by Noel Acciari, and Anderson remained standing tall, rather than drop to the ice for a better chance of stopping it. No one knew what he was doing, what he was thinking, just that it was a bad goal at an inopportune time.
Anderson made a number of big saves after that, including a beauty off David Krejci with about nine minutes to go.
But when the Senators let the Bruins back into Game 3, it was their goalie who was holding the door.
Ryan, who lost the puck on a goal during the Bruins' comeback, drew a penalty on Riley Nash in overtime. He redeemed himself by tipping home Kyle Turris' pass to win the game, and save the Senators a whole lot of grief fretting about what should have been.
STARTS AND STOPS
If the NHL wasn't in such a hurry to get the voting done on its awards, if playoff performances could be included, Erik Karlsson would now be the runaway leader for the Norris Trophy. Forget Brent Burns' 29 goals, or even the other-world play Karlsson made to set up Derick Brassard's goal in Game 2 and everything else he has done through three games of this series. The long-bomb saucer pass the Senators captain made to Hoffman for the breakaway goal in the first was worthy of an award by itself … Karlsson didn't get an assist on Ottawa's second goal, by Brassard, but he made it all happen with another great move at the blue line and pass to Viktor Stalberg.
THINGS I THINK I THUNK
During the season, Hoffman was given just one of Ottawa's 35 shootout opportunities, despite the fact he's the team's most natural scorer. Guy Boucher might want to remember the move Hoffman pulled on his first-period breakaway going forward … A close-up camera shot of Karlsson showed the Senators captain was not wearing a mouthguard, but he did have a little piece of purple gum tucked up under his top lip. See, stuff like this you're just not going to read anywhere else … When Kyle Turris is getting on the scoresheet more for his penalties than his points, it's bad news for the Senators. Through nine periods and a bit, he is four PIMs and zero PTS. Then Turris set up Ryan for the winner.
BETWEEN PERIODS
David Pastrnak is too young (20) to have watched Hulk Hogan when he was the king of the WWF, but he had the hand up to the ear in the “I can't hear you” fashion made popular by the Hulkster after tying the game at threes … First Clarke MacArthur rediscovered his scoring touch, and now he's got his feistiness back. That was a pretty good left he threw (and connected) at Riley Nash during a scrum around the Boston net … There was 15:54 left in the third when Hoffman took a big slap shot that this time went post-out … There was 12:38 left when Pastrak just failed to get his stick on the puck, with a wide open net staring him in the face … Dion Phaneuf and David Backes are developing quite an interesting feud. Backes won a round in the second period when Phaneuf took a penalty for slashing him, then sat in the box while Boston tied the score.
TAKING NUMBERS
Shots on goal were 10-3 in favour of the Senators after one, but the play wasn't as lopsided as that. Ottawa took 18 shots at the net, while Boston fired 14, including six that were blocked (by six different Senators) and five that went wide … Brassard was the Senators' best face-off man in the first, winning four of five, and had a 12-2 mark in the circles after two. At the same point, the Eastern Conference's best face-off man, Patrice Bergeron, was 5-10 … Jean-Gabriel Pageau had a team-leading five of the Senators 15 first period hits.
WORTH REPEATING
Good line (intentional or not) by Brendan Bell on the TSN1200 pre-game show, regarding Karlsson's foot/feet problem: “Lower body injuries are a pain in the neck.” … Liked Bob Cole's call, with Zack Smith carrying the puck. “He's a good hockey player, coming up by himself.” As is always the case with Cole, it was just the way he said it … Don Cherry was sporting a Maple Leafs tie, but said he'll “wear something Ottawa next game.” A beaver tail, maybe? … More Cherry, during his Coach's Corner segment: “My heart is with the Boston Bruins and they're doing lousy right now.” He did have words of praise for Hoffman, saying the breakaway goal was reminiscent of a move former Bruins star Rick (Nifty) Middleton would often pull, and Marc Methot: “It's unbelievable how a guy can play with half his finger gone.”
BUTT ENDS
The Senators' first power play of the game was a gift, when Backes was given an interference penalty for a little push from behind on MacArthur. Ottawa didn't show its appreciation very well, getting just one shot on goal … During that same power play, Anderson went behind the net to field the puck, then promptly gave it away. The lesson he learned in Game 2 should have been fresh in his mind … It's never a good sign for sports teams visiting the Boston area when New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft is shown wearing a big smile … Interesting note by Greg Millen, who pointed out it was Cole's 149th playoff overtime game.
KARACHI: President, Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz), Muhammad Nawaz Sharif taking exception to the series of threats posed to democracy said stakeholders must realize its importance for the country at large.
Addressing a seminar on “Future of Democracy in Pakistan,” organized by the members of civil society here at a hotel on Friday, the former prime minister regretted that fate of democracy remains questionable in the country that gained independence 70 years ago through democratic means and in accordance with a legal as well as an acceptable process.
Recalling the challenges faced by democratic setups in the country since 1951, he called upon the stakeholders to fast realize that democracy is critically required for maintenance of balance among different pillars of the state.
Calling upon the people of the country, pertaining to different sections of the society, to rise above their respective interests and differences, for the larger cause of democracy, Nawaz Sharif said it was high time that masses came together and defend their constitutional rights.
PML – N Chief on the occasion discussing in detail the political history of the country and roles played by different institutions mentioned that the country established in the name of democracy experienced autocratic rule for no less than 30 years.
This was said to be in a scenario when most of the development was registered across the country during democratic regime.
“This is no exaggeration to claim that people of the country benefitted most under elected governments,” he said.
Identifying PCO along with other controversial amendments in the constitution, the former prime minister said parliament needed to take tough decisions for the sake of the country and its people.
Nawaz Sharif on the occasion was also critical about the role of certain political parties and their leadership for their alleged compromises to gain numerical strength in the forthcoming senate polls.—APP
loading...
Former Nick Xenophon Team crossbenchers are giving the Turnbull government's business tax cuts a "fresh look", in encouraging signs for the coalition.
Rex Patrick and Stirling Griff, of the now Centre Alliance, had originally opposed the package, but have since met with top officials, including Reserve Bank governor Philip Lowe and tax commissioner Chris Jordan.
"Part of the reason behind that (opposition) was we simply hadn't had the opportunity to do due diligence on it. We now have got the opportunity to have a thorough look at it," Senator Patrick told The Australian on Wednesday.
He said he agreed with Nick Xenophon's decision to draw the line at supporting the relief for businesses with an annual turnover of up to $50 million.
But "my job is to take a fresh look at it", Senator Patrick said.
The government has still failed to win over independent Tim Storer, while Derryn Hinch doesn't want the big banks rewarded for their bad behaviour as outlined in the royal commission.
One Nation supports the tax cuts, but leader Pauline Hanson also wants the banks quarantined, with funds for their tax cut to go towards compensation for misconduct.
The government delayed putting its legislation to a vote in the upper house just before Easter, admitting it didn't have the numbers.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. (AP) - Authorities have released the names of the woman and the ex-husband who shot her to death at a busy Southern California mall.
The Ventura County Sheriff's Office identified the victim in Saturday's shooting as 29-year-old Parisa Siddiqi and the suspect as 33-year-old Kevin Crane.
Officials say she was working at a retail store at The Oaks mall in the city of Thousand Oaks, about 40 miles (64 kilometers) west of Los Angeles, when Crane shot her after an argument.
Investigators say Crane then shot himself, but survived and remained in critical condition Sunday at a hospital.
Ventura County sheriff's Sgt. Eric Buschow said Saturday that the divorced couple has children, who were found safe.
The shooting prompted shoppers to scurry into stores and out exit doors and an hour-long lockdown.
Hi Alaska Folk Fest fans. KTOO wants your favorite festival-related photos for our public art show “Folk Life”. How about that great picture of Buddy Tabor. A scene of kids dancing at Centennial Hall. A late night jam session. You're all invited to send us three images that we'll hang on the walls of KTOO for the month of April. The show will be super simple — no frames, just email your three images to arts [at] ktoo [dot] org by March 30th and we'll print and hang them. Then join us for a First Friday opening at 4:30 p.m. on April 6th.
Submission Guidelines
This is a community show, open to photographers of all levels and ages (even smart phone images!).
Photographs will be printed at KTOO on 8 ½ x 11 photo paper.
If you're really picky about how your photos are presented, this may not be the show for you.
Due to space considerations, KTOO may not be able to print all submissions.
KTOO reserves the right not to publish all submissions.
Participants are welcome to their prints once the show is taken down in May.
In addition to the public show, please let us know if we can use your images on our website and on social media.
Please send us the highest resolution possible, we can work with your Facebook photos.
Submit to arts [at] ktoo [dot] org (if the file sizes are large, please send each photo in a separate email).
Please provide your name (as you would like it printed) and each of the photo titles.
(Event photo of Jason Overby by Annie Bartholomew)
Jaye Allan, from Tarcoola Beach, did not get the typical gift of a teddy bear when she was born.
Instead, her grandmother bought her a stuffed panda.
Years and dozens of panda slippers, pyjamas and plush toys later, she's still mad about China's emblematic animal.
She said a love of the black and white animal was her personal motivation for learning Mandarin in her younger years.
Chinese language courses started at Batavia Coast Maritime Institute last March. When she heard they were starting, Ms Allan signed on to teach.
“Geraldton has very strong connections with China, from crayfish to iron ore, wheat and grain and lately cruise ships and tourism,” she said.
“We teach people basic Mandarin and how to market their services to the Chinese.
“We get a good mix of people, but most of them are from the accommodation sector, the hotels, the motels, the caravan parks and serviced apartments.”
We meet Wendy Mann, chief pilot and managing director of Geraldton Air Charter, to discuss how Australia's foreign policy has helped her business grow. The West Australian Video We meet Wendy Mann, chief pilot and managing director of Geraldton Air Charter, to discuss how Australia's foreign policy has helped her business grow.
Most people in the world speak Mandarin. In Australia, 2.5 per cent of the population, or 596,711 people, speak Mandarin at home, according to the 2016 Census.
Ms Allan said she had been studying the language since the late 1980s in order to learn more about the panda's native habitat.
She even adopted her very own panda named Cheng Cheng, paying about $13,000 towards its upkeep over a 10-year period.
Ms Allan said Cheng Cheng had become a mother and a grandmother in her lifetime.
To study Mandarin, phone the BCMI on 9956 6175.
"Research has shown that once victimization occurs, the need to regain autonomy and control over one's body ... and the decisions that must be made relative to the assault — including whether and how to assist with a criminal prosecution — are often essential to recovery," said Stephanie McClure, director of Weber State University's Women's Center, at Tuesday's House Judiciary Committee hearing.
The committee unanimously approved the measure after more than an hour of discussion. A similar measure took effect in Oregon in 2015 and officials from that state say it has increased formal reporting.
Under HB251, advocates who have finished at least 40 hours of trauma-informed training can become a confidential advocate — which means they can disclose information about an alleged victim's attack only in certain instances. Those would include cases when a victim gives informed, written consent; the victim is a minor; the disclosure is required under federal law or sought under subpoena.
The two most relevant federal laws — Title IX, which requires universities to swiftly resolve complaints of sexual violence, and the Clery Act, which deals with campus safety — specify which university employees must report details to school officials, said S. Daniel Carter, a campus security consultant.
Romero's legislation would not make communication with these advocates "privileged," he said, which is an exception recognized by federal law for counselors and priests, for example.
Rather, federal law would classify them as a "non-professional" counselors, he added, meaning they would need to alert school officials if there is an immediate threat to the safety of students.
"Survivors relying upon these 'confidential' services will need to have this distinction made very clear so they can make informed decisions about how to proceed," Carter said.
James Morales, vice president of student services at Utah State University, spoke in favor of the measure Tuesday, saying it struck the "right balance" between a victim's right to privacy and the need to report.
Universities across the state have a patchwork of policies regarding their victim advocates, but Morales said the school's Sexual Assault and Anti-Violence Information office, created in 2003, is a confidential resource and shows why such an avenue is important.
"Students receive the guidance they need and are clearly explained and taught about their options for pursuing action," Morales said.
But Rep. Dixon Pitcher questioned whether the measure would impede the university's ability to respond to multiple sexual assault allegations against the same student, noting recent reports of such problems at USU.
USU is being sued by Victoria Hewlett, a student who was sexually assaulted in 2015 by another student, Jason Relopez. The suit alleges the school's SAAVI office was aware of multiple sexual assault allegations against Relopez more than a year before he was charged by Cache County prosecutors.
Relopez was sentenced to a year in jail in May after admitting to sexually assaulting Hewlett and another student, Morgan Klinkowski.
USU's SAAVI office also was aware of multiple sexual assault allegations against then-student Torrey Green in 2015. Green has since been charged in seven alleged sexual assaults between November 2013 and November 2015.
Morales said the measure wouldn't change victims' ability to go to SAAVI to learn about their options for pursuing investigations by police or university officials.
By SCOTT COTTOS
Staff Writer
ATTICA — Both St. Wendelin and Seneca East were needing a victory going into Tuesday night's boys basketball game.
And each team's coach cited energy as being vital in the host Tigers' 59-27 rout of the Mohawks.
“We needed a win like that tonight,” Seneca East coach Todd Aichholz said after his team halted a six-game losing streak and improved its record to 9-11.
“We wanted to come out with a lot of energy tonight. Sometimes we've had a good practice and haven't been able to carry it over to a game. Tonight I thought we brought the energy.”
The very opposite was true for St. Wendelin, Mohawks coach Tim Ritzler said.
His club fell behind 15-2 in the early going and never recovered.
“It's hard to deflate (with a big early deficit) when we weren't up to begin with,” he said after the Mohawks lost their fourth in a row and fell to 5-14.
“I mean, we didn't come out with an effort; that's why we were down 15-2. If we'd come out fired up and they hit a couple of shots and we missed a couple of shots and you get down by a little bit, that's one thing.
“But when you come out flat to begin with … I thought we were flat from the opening tip. We didn't have any energy to compete.”
Senior Johnny Diehm, who recently surpassed the 1,000-point mark for his career, scored 11 points in the second half on his way to a game-high 15 for the Tigers, who also got 13 from Alex Forehand.
Brody Whetsel led St. Wendelin with eight points. Cyle Smith and Andrew Schetter scored six apiece.
Forehand did much of his damage early by scoring seven points in the first quarter, which ended with Seneca East up 20-4.
“I thought that was key,” Aichholz said of jumping out to the big early lead. “The last couple of games, we've been coming out and the other team's been knocking down their first four or five shots on us, which puts us in a hole.
“Tonight, it was nice to get that lead to give us a little bit of momentum.”
Momentum was something that the Mohawks never found as they trailed 32-10 at halftime and 45-15 after three quarters. Only once did they score more than two unanswered points, with Brayden Moon's 3-pointer following a Brody Whetsel bucket in the third quarter.
Seneca East, however, went on a 10-0 run at the end of the third period and the beginning of the fourth that made for a 49-17 advantage.
“We just didn't compete tonight,” Ritzler said. “They came out and hit a couple of shots early … and offensively, we were very, very passive.
“We weren't aggressive, looking to drive the gaps in their zone at all. Poor execution, offensively.
“You're not going to score 10 points in a half and beat anybody, I don't care how good your defense is. And that's just kind of where it started.”
Despite the losing streak, Ritzler doesn't think his players are simply playing out the string of the season.
“I think the kids really want to be good,” he said. “They really want to compete and win. I don't think it's a matter of mailing it in.
“I understand: They're frustrated. We're frustrated as coaches. But their effort in practice has been good. A team that mails it in will go through the motions in practice. I thought we kind of went through the motions tonight in the game, but usually when a team mails it in, it goes through the motions in practice. That hasn't been the case.
“I thought we had a really good practice yesterday. We'll see how they respond tomorrow coming into practice and see what kind of effort to give to get better.”
ST. WENDELIN (5-14)
Moon 1-0–3, Smith 2-2–6, Kelbley 0-0–0, Whetsel 4-0–8, Schetter 3-0–6, Lopez 2-0–4, Noel 0-0–0, Taylor 0-0–0, Colburn 0-0–0. TOTALS: 12 2-4 –27.
SENECA EAST (9-11)
Wurm 1-0–2, Diehm 6-3–15, Forehand 5-0–13, Chapman 3-0–8, Ferres 2-1–5, Vogt 2-1–6, Ruffing 0-0–0, Turek 2-2–6, Kling 1-0–2, Martin 1-0–2. TOTALS: 23 7-11 –59.
St. Wendelin 4 6 5 12 — 27
Seneca East 20 12 13 14 — 59
junior varsity: Seneca East, 57-18.
Comments
comments
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) - The Maryland House of Delegates voted unanimously Monday to strengthen the General Assembly's policies on sexual harassment to cover lobbyists and create a framework for an independent investigator to handle complaints.
Earlier this month, a state senator accused a lobbyist of inappropriately touching her in a bar near the statehouse. The lobbyist has denied the allegations. Also this month, three female state lawmakers publicly discussed sexual harassment they've experienced while working in the statehouse.
Del. Ariana Kelly, who sponsored the measure, said discussions about improving the policies began in the fall of 2016, when five female lawmakers first talked with each other about some of their experiences in the state capital.
"We realized we had some shared similar experiences, and we thought that breaking the silence would really increase our power, which we have seen in the #MeToo movement," Kelly, a Democrat, said while explaining her vote.
The House voted 138-0 for the bill, which now goes to the Senate.
The measure would allow the assembly's Joint Legislative Committee on Ethics to refer sexual harassment complaints to an independent investigator. It would require referral to an investigator at the request of a complainant. Now, harassment complaints can be filed with the legislature's human resources department or the presiding officers of the assembly. Complaints can be referred to the legislature's ethics committee.
The bill also would prohibit a registered lobbyist from harassing other lobbyists, lawmakers, interns, pages and others working in the executive and legislative branches. While complaints against lawmakers will be addressed by the legislature's ethics committee, allegations against lobbyists would be handled by the State Ethics Commission, which already has jurisdiction over lobbyists. The commission would create a workgroup to determine potential sanctions lobbyists could face, under the bill. The commission also would add sexual harassment provisions into their training course for registered and prospective lobbyists.
The bill incorporates recommendations submitted last month by the legislature's 60-member women's caucus.
In December, a committee that sets rules for the General Assembly approved making the number of sexual harassment incidents reported against Maryland lawmakers or their staff public in an annual report, which will not name anyone. In January, legislative leaders formed a commission to examine workplace polices on sexual harassment in all three branches of state government. The panel will review state policies and solicit input from business leaders and policy experts.
Musicians regularly perform along Main Street during the year-round weekly Soda City Market. On Saturday, April 28, the USC School of Music will host pop-up concerts and music lessons during the market. Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com
By his last estimate, Kevin Shattenkirk's entourage was up to about 120 people Thursday morning. They were all coming to watch him make his Rangers debut against the Avalanche later that night, and the horde of well-wishers included friends and family, people who watched him grow up in New Rochelle, the kid who loved the Rangers and idolized Brian Leetch.
He might be interested in doing a recount, though. Because at the end of the first period, most everyone at Madison Square Garden wanted a spot in the Shattenkirk army.
The Rangers lost, 4-2, but Shattenkirk was exactly as advertised on Opening Night — a formidable power-play quarterback whose mobility and production gave the Rangers the spark they needed to overcome a two-goal first-period deficit. (He also was on the ice for two of the Avalanche's goals, a trade-off that some worried about when the Rangers signed him during the summer.)
“The first shift or two was a little emotional, taking it all in,” Shattenkirk said. “From there, it kind of settled in . . . I felt good as the game went along. Again, aside from a few mistakes from my side, I think we're not far off and I'm not far off from playing our best hockey.”
Though he had a misstep early — Matt Duchene was able to shake him off near the net to score on a rebound at 5:29 — he redeemed himself on the Rangers' first goal, a one-timer by Mika Zibanejad facilitated by a beauty of a pass by Shattenkirk. Crashing the net, Shattenkirk drew a host of defenders and patiently waited before feeding Zibanejad near the left point. That goal cut the deficit to one.
With 40 seconds left in the period, Shattenkirk drew an interference call that set up the equalizer — another man-up goal by Zibanejad.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Shattenkirk has had at least 25 power-play points in each of the last four seasons and at least 44 points in each of those seasons. He was offered more money and longer contracts by other teams, according to an article he wrote for The Players' Tribune, but when it was time to make his decision, his mind went back to Leetch. “I wanted to be him,” he said of his younger self. “I wanted to be a New York Ranger.”
And that's how he found himself gliding onto the ice at the Garden on Thursday. He was cheered heartily when he was introduced. More than 120 people already were firmly on his side, the cheers for Shattenkirk among the loudest.
“It's awesome,” he said. “It's, for me, a comforting feeling knowing so many people are supporting us and supporting us as a team. It's important.”
In the end, it was partially another day at work, and partially the realization of a childhood dream very few get to live.
“The result still kind of stings,” he said. “I think when I look back on it a long time from now, it will obviously be a great moment for me. It still was a special night in my career.”
People at the Xiaomi are probably busy currently, as they are getting ready for its biggest launch event of 2018, where the company is expected to launch the Xiaomi Mi 8, Xiaomi Mi 8 SE, Xiaomi Mi Note 5, and the Xiaomi Mi Band 3. And now, according to an exclusive report from Digit says that the company will not launch the Xiaomi Mi A2 in India.
When asked about the Xiaomi Mi A2, the Xiaomi spokesperson said:
"There is no phone that exists by that name. But we are going to make more Android One phone."
Last year Xiaomi launched the Xiaomi Mi A1 in India, which is the first stock Android smartphone from the company to ditch custom MIUI. The Xiaomi Mi A1 was originally launched in China as the Xiaomi Mi 5X. Going by that, everyone was excited about the launch of the Xiaomi Mi 6X in India with stock Android as the alleged Xiaomi Mi A2. However, as the officials have confirmed, the Mi A2 might not see the light of the day.
However, the spokesperson has also said that the company will be launching more Android One devices, which means the Xiaomi 6X could launch in India with a new nomenclature. Ex: the company might call it has Xiaomi Mi A1 second gen or the Xiaomi Mi A1.1 or the Xiaomi Mi A1+ and the possibilities are unlimited.
Most smartphone makers will not be transparent about their future products as it might affect the sale of the current smartphones. The company might launch their next Android smartphone with the moniker Mi A2 or they might not.
Currently, the company is also gearing up for the launch of the Xiaomi Redmi S2/Y2 (once again there is a confusion in naming) as this smartphone was launched in China as the Redmi S2, but the same might launch in India as the Redmi Y2 (which will be the successor to the Redmi Y1). This will be the most affordable dual camera smartphone from Xiaomi, which will compete against the likes of the Realme 1, Honor 7A and the Honor 7C.
Conclusion:
If you are waiting for the next Android One smartphone from Xiaomi, then I would suggest you go for any of the smartphones that are currently available in the market, as smartphones get better by the day and even your expectations and desire to get a better device just multiplies.
A look at what's happening around baseball Thursday:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said. The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its past six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
By The Associated Press
Dec. 13
At Brisbane, Australia (ESPN), Jeff Horn vs. Gary Corcoran, 12, for Horn's WBO welterweight title; Nathaniel May vs. Aelio Mesquita, 10, featherweights; Rohan Murdock vs. Apti Ustarkhanov, 10, super middleweights.
Dec. 14
At Indio, Calif. (ESPN2), Diego De La Hoya vs. Jose Salgado, 10, junior featherweights; Carlos Morales vs. Dardan Zenunaj, 10, for the vacant WBA-NABA super featherweight title.
Dec. 15
At Lancaster, Calif. (FS1), Jessie Vargas vs. Aaron Herrera, 10, welterweights; Diego Chaves vs. Jamal James, 10, welterweights; John Molina Jr. vs. Ivan Redkach, 10, junior welterweights.
Dec. 16
At Place Bell, Laval, Quebec (HBO), Billy Joe Saunders vs. David Lemieux, 12, for Saunders' WBO middleweight title; Antoine Douglas vs. Gary O'Sullivan, 10, for the WBO Intercontinental middleweight title; Cletus Seldin vs. Yves Ulysses Jr., 10, junior welterweights.
Dec. 30
At Yokohama, Japan, Naoya Inoue vs. Yoan Boyeaux, 12, for Inoue's WBO junior bantamweight title; Ken Shiro vs. Gilberto Pedroza, 12, for Shiro's WBC junior flyweight title; Satoshi Shimizu vs. Filipino Edward Mancito, 12, featherweights; Takuma Inoue vs. Kentaro Masuda, 10, bantamweights.
Dec. 31
At Tokyo, Milan Melindo vs. Ryoichi Taguchi, 12, Melindo's IBF and Taguchi's WBA World junior flyweight titles; Hiroto Kyoguchi vs. Carlos Buitrago, 12, for Kyoguchi's IBF strawweight title; Sho Kimura vs. Toshiyuki Igarashi, 12, for Kimura's WBO flyweight title.
2018 Jan. 6
At Accra, Ghana, Cesar Juarez vs. Isaac Dogboe, 12, for the vacant interim WBO junior featherweight title.
Jan. 16
At Macao, China, Donnie Nietes vs. Juan Carlos Reveco, 12, for Nietes' IBF flyweight title.
Jan. 20
At Barclays Center, Brooklyn, N.Y. (SHO), Errol Spence Jr. vs. Lamont Peterson, 12, for Spence's IBF welterweight title.
Jan. 27
At the Forum, Inglewood, Calif. (HBO), Lucas Matthysse vs. Tewa Kiram, 12, for the vacant WBA World welterweight title; Jorge Linares vs. Mercito Gesta, 12, for Linares' WBA lightweight title.
Feb. 3
At Alder, Russia, Murat Gassiev vs. Yunier Dorticos, 12, for Gassiev's IBF and Dorticos' WBA World cruiserweight titles.
At Bank of America Center, Corpus Christi, Texas (ESPN), Gilberto Ramirez vs. Habib Ahmed, 12, for Ramirez's WBO super middleweight titles.
Feb. 17
At Manchester, England, George Groves vs. Chris Eubank Jr., 12, for Groves' WBA Super World and Eubanks' IBO super middleweight titles (World Boxing Super Series semifinals).
Feb. 24
At the Forum, Inglewood, Calif. (HBO), Wisaksil Wangek vs. Juan Francisco Estrada, 12, for Wangek's WBC World super flyweight title.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Whether a victim or witness, when reporting an incident of sexual assault, the South African Police Service are trained and expected to treat assault victims with respect, empathy and professionalism.
The Role of the *SAPS
All reports or allegations of sexual assault should be treated as offences until the opposite is proven, and any such offence information must be given immediate attention. The SAPS will take such reports by telephone or in person at a station.
Reporting in Person
No matter whether the offence is reported in the same area as the police station or at an alternate station, the case must be dealt with by the station where the offence is being reported. A docket will be opened and the case transferred to the victim's local station once all necessary steps have been completed. The victim should be asked if medical assistance is required, and if so this should be arranged as priority. The officer on duty should introduce him/herself and explain their role in the investigation. The victim should then be taken to a quiet area, away from the main desk before any basic details are requested. The officer on duty must remain with the victim until the investigating officer arrives – who will escort the victim to an accredited healthcare practitioner and then to a place where s/he feels safe. The investigating officer will take a statement on completion of the medical examination. A male officer may not be present during the physical examination of a female victim. Depending on circumstances either a nurse or a female officer may need to be present. The return of articles seized may be requested after the conclusion of the criminal case.
A child victim:
When the victim of sexual assault is a minor, the child should be accompanied by an accountable adult such as a parent or guardian. The Child Protection Unit or specialised worker must be contacted. In this instance, the perpetrator must be arrested or the minor secured by taking him/her to a place of safety. If the initial report is made by an adult, the child must not be present so as not to be influenced in any way. The child should not be left alone while the report is being made. Permission for a medical examination must be garnered from a parent or guardian. If the aforementioned are alleged to be involved in the assault, permission will be requested from a headmaster, teacher or magistrate. If none of these are available a commissioned police official may grant permission for the medical examination.
Reporting by Telephone
As a victim
The caller must provide the address from where the call is being made – and where the assault happened. A patrol vehicle must be sent to the victim's address immediately to secure the crime scene and assist the victim. It must also be ascertained as to whether the caller is in any immediate danger and if an ambulance is needed. It is important that the victim not change clothing or wash, as evidence could be lost.
As a witness
The caller must provide the address of where the assault happened and where the victim can be found. Let the SAPS know if the victim is in immediate danger as a patrol vehicle must be sent to the crime scene. Ascertain whether medical assistance is needed (without touching anything) and relay the info to the SAPS – an ambulance will be sent if necessary. The witness must remain with the victim, while not touching anything or allowing the victim to wash.
Please note that this is a summarised version of the SAPS Support to Victims of Sexual Offences manifesto. For the full document please read the National Policy Guidelines for Victims of Sexual Offences.
Contact your local South African Police Service Station here.
*SAPS: South African Police Service
A rare earth element that doesn't get much mention could become the key to upgrading atomic clocks to become even more accurate. This could help us explore space and track satellites, and even keep the world's time zones in sync.
Atomic clocks use the oscillations of atoms under laser fire as a measurement of time, in the same way a grandfather clock uses the swing of a pendulum. They can lose less than a second over 50 million years, depending on the elements used - but scientists want even greater accuracy.
That's where lutetium (Lu) comes in. It offers both a higher level of stability and a higher degree of precision than the caesium or rubidium of today's atomic clocks, according to a team of researchers from the Centre for Quantum Technologies (CQT) in Singapore.
(CQT)
"The ultimate performance of a clock comes down to the properties of the atom – how insensitive the atom is to its environment," says lead researcher Murray Barrett.
"I would call lutetium top in its class."
Since the original atomic clock was designed in 1955, scientists have been experimenting with atoms from different elements, looking for the ones that could operate with the highest level of accuracy.
Caesium, the first element to be used in an atomic clock, oscillates at a microwave frequency of 9,192,631,770 'ticks' per second.
In recent years, other elements like ytterbium and strontium, have been found to work at optical frequencies – some ten thousand times faster.
With more 'ticks' or oscillations in each second, time can be measured with greater and greater precision.
Not only does lutetium operate at these optical frequencies, it also has another ace up its sleeve: changes in temperature and pressure have very little effect on it. That's the conclusion of six months of intensive testing by the CQT team.
Those environmental factors are also what makes the quartz in traditional watches gradually slip out of sync with real time – they're good, but they're not perfect. In the same way, such factors can have tiny impacts on the accuracy of atomic clocks.
"We have definitively shown that Lu is the least sensitive to temperature of all established atomic clocks," says one of the team, Kyle Arnold.
What's more, further studies into the properties of lutetium have shown that it can be built into an atomic clock in the same way that ytterbium can. That means the upgrade shouldn't be too problematic.
Having such robustness and accuracy inside an atomic clock is good for both time-keeping and getting these clocks out of specialist labs and into more real-world situations, the scientists say.
And considering super-fine measurements of time can be vital in studying everything from the forces of gravity to the speed of light, research into atomic clocks that get more and more precise isn't going to stop.
There's still work to do though before we can build a lutetium clock, though. Part of the reason it's been overlooked so far is that a special technique is needed to average out certain kinds of potential inaccuracies.
While the research team has already worked out how to tackle this, they've got a few more hurdles to overcome.
"I don't see it as anyway being an overly technical, difficult thing to do, but I think people are waiting to see how this works out," says Murray.
The research has been published in Nature Communications.
Colorado's two U.S. senators, Democrat Michael Bennet and Republican Cory Gardner, visited the Boulder Jewish Community Center on Thursday to meet with members of the community and tour the facility in the wake of a series of bomb threats received by the center this year.
Authorities said Friday that a 19-year-old dual Israeli-American citizen arrested in March and described as a “hacker” appears to be responsible for two bomb threats made against the Boulder JCC on Jan. 31 and March 8. The threats against the Boulder center were part of a wave of threats against Jewish centers in the United States, Australia and New Zealand investigators said were tied to the teen, whose name was kept from publication by order of Israeli authorities.
“Today's visit to the Boulder Jewish Community Center confirmed the critical role it serves in our community,” Bennet said in a statement. “After the recent spate of threats to JCCs like Boulder, we all must stand up against hate and violence and reaffirm our commitment to the American values that make our nation strong. Working with JCC leaders, we will continue to fight the fear that this community has felt, and support the incredible work of the people we met today.”
“The Jewish community in Boulder and across the state have been extremely strong and resilient over these last few months,” Gardner said. “I appreciated the opportunity to visit with many of the people that help make Boulder JCC such an important place for all ages in our area, and to reiterate my full support in ensuring that the despicable acts of racism and threats of violence they have faced will never be tolerated. We must all work together to stop anti-Semitism and any other act of intolerance against a religious group.”
The visit by the senators wasn't publicized in advance.
Center staff thanked the lawmakers for their bipartisan show of support in a statement posted to the Boulder JCC's Facebook page.
“The Boulder JCC was thrilled to host Sens. Bennet and Gardner today for private tours our new facility,” center staff wrote. “It was great to see their bipartisan support in standing up against hatred and anti-Semitism. Our staff, board and some of the youngest members of our community enjoyed spending time with each of them during their visit. We are grateful to the senators and their staff for making the Boulder JCC a priority.”
— ernest@coloradostatesman.com
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
STOCKHOLM: Nuclear disarmament group ICAN won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for its decade-long campaign to rid the world of the atomic bomb as nuclear-fuelled crises swirl over North Korea and Iran.
More than 70 years since atomic bombs were used on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the Nobel committee sought to highlight ICAN's tireless non-proliferation efforts. The decision sent a strong message to US President Donald Trump, who has threatened to tear up a 2015 deal curbing Iran's nuclear programme and who last month alarmed delegates at the UN General Assembly by warning he may be forced to “totally destroy” North Korea over Pyongyang's nuclear programme.
ICAN “is receiving the award for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons,” said Norwegian Nobel committee president Berit Reiss-Andersen in announcing the prize in Oslo. “We live in a world where the risk of nuclear weapons being used is greater than it has been for a long time,” she said.
Founded in Vienna in 2007 on the fringes of an international conference on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, ICAN (the International Coalition to Abolish Nuclear Weapons) has mobilised campaigners and celebrities alike in its cause. It was a key player in the adoption of a historic nuclear weapons ban treaty, signed by 122 countries in July. However, the accord was largely symbolic as none of the nine known world nuclear powers signed up to it.
The coalition of hundreds of NGOs says its main objective is the adoption of an international treaty banning nuclear weapons, along the lines of earlier agreements forbidding the use of biological and chemical weapons, landmines and cluster munitions. “A global ban on nuclear weapons is long overdue,” the organisation says on its website. Despite July's success, ICAN is not resting on its laurels.
“We're not done yet… The job isn't done until nuclear weapons are gone,” ICAN chief Beatrice Fihn told AFP this week.
Its high-profile supporters include form UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon, Nobel laureate Desmond Tutu and singer and artist Yoko Ono. “I can imagine a world without nuclear weapons, and I support ICAN,” reads a message from the Dalai Lama on the site. Actor and activist Martin Sheen meanwhile suggests that “if Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr were alive today, they would be part of ICAN.” Friday's award – the climax to a week of prize-giving honouring the world's leading lights in fields from physics and medicine to literature – comes as another non-proliferation deal, Iran's 2015 accord with world powers, is under increasing pressure from Trump.
The US leader has threatened to bin the Iran nuclear agreement altogether, saying Tehran is developing missiles that may be used to deliver a nuclear warhead when the deal's restrictions are lifted in 2025. He is due to report to Congress by October 15 on whether Iran is still complying with the deal and whether it remains in US interests to stick by it. Tensions between the US and North Korea, which has test-fired two missiles over Japan and conducted a string of apparent underground nuclear tests this year, have raised the risk of a nuclear confrontation to its highest level in decades.
“This year's Peace Prize is also a call upon these states to initiate serious negotiations with a view to the gradual, balanced and carefully monitored elimination of the almost 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world,” said Reiss-Andersen. More than 300 people and organisations were thought to have been nominated for this year's Peace Prize, including the UN's refugee agency UNHCR, Syria's White Helmets rescue service and Congolese doctor Denis Mukwege.
The Peace Prize, which comes with a golden medal and a cheque for nine million Swedish kronor (943,000 euros, $1.1 million) will be presented in Oslo on December 10, the anniversary of the death of its founder, Swedish businessman and philanthropist Alfred Nobel.
A plane carrying 35 diplomats expelled from the United States over Russia's alleged meddling in the US presidential election arrived in Moscow early Monday, Russian state television reported.
A Russian Il-96 plane carrying the diplomats and their families landed at Moscow's Vnukovo airport at 2:05 am local time, after having taken off from Washington on Sunday, state television said.
State television showed the diplomats and their families gathering their luggage on the tarmac in the rain before heading inside the terminal.
US intelligence says the Kremlin ordered a hack-and-release of Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton campaign staff emails in a bid to put Donald Trump in the White House.
Moscow has repeatedly dismissed the allegations.
The expulsions of the diplomats – described as intelligence operatives based at the Russian embassy in Washington and the consulate in San Francisco – were part of a package of sanctions ordered by President Barack Obama Thursday in the final weeks of his administration.
Obama also ordered the closure of two Russian compounds in New York and Maryland that the United States says were used “for intelligence-related purposes.”
Russian President Vladimir Putin last week rebuked the outgoing president for “unfriendly steps” amounting to “a provocation aimed at further undermining Russian-American relations.”
The Kremlin strongman warned that Russia reserved the right to respond but refrained from ordering the tit-for-tat expulsion of American diplomats from Russia, saying that Moscow's next move will be “based on the policies pursued by the administration of president Donald Trump.”
Putin's decision has been interpreted as a sign he is looking to Trump to rebuild US-Russian ties after the US presidential inauguration later this month.
MOSCOW - England finally ended their penalties curse when they beat Colombia 4-3 in a shootout after drawing their World Cup last-16 clash 1-1 following extra time after the South Americans equalised in the 93rd minute.
England had previously lost all three World Cup shootouts and three of four in the European Championship but prevailed on Tuesday (July 3) when Mateus Uribe and Carlos Bacca failed to convert, leaving Eric Dier to win the game for England.
It was the first time Colombia had been involved in a World Cup shootout and they took first blood when Jordan Henderson missed his spot kick - but for once fortune smiled on England.
Earlier Harry Kane smashed in a 57th-minute penalty, his sixth goal of the tournament, and England looked to be through until Yerry Mina headed an equaliser in the third minute of stoppage time.
It was England's first win in a knockout game since 2006 and earns them a quarter-final with Sweden, who were far from impressive in beating Switzerland 1-0 earlier on Tuesday.
Photo: Reuters
Then comes a potential semi-final against hosts Russia or Croatia with Tuesday's win appearing to vindicate - just - coach Gareth Southgate's decision to field a second-string side in the final group game loss to Belgium to secure an easier route.
Colombia's hopes suffered a huge setback before kickoff when key playmaker James Rodriguez was ruled out with a calf injury and without him they took a defensive approach and never rarely threatened.
England were always the more purposeful side but they lacked the key final ball and needed a gift to take the lead.
The South Americans had been getting away with blatant holding and wrestling at each of England's many corners and the referee's patience finally snapped when Carlos Sanchez hauled down tournament leading scorer Kane once too often.
After four minutes of mayhem as the Colombians protested, Kane kept his cool and smashed in his third spot kick of Russia 2018.
When Juan Cuadrado blazed horribly over the bar with the goal gaping 10 minutes from time with Colombia's first chance of the match it looked all over for them but there was a fiery sting in the tail of normal time.
England keeper Jordan Pickford made a superb save to touch wide a furious long shot by Uribe but from the following corner - Colombia's first of the match - giant defender Mina rose highest to head in the equaliser and send the massed Colombian fans into a frenzy.
England substitute Dier missed the best chance of the extra period when he headed over the bar but he made up for it in emphatic fashion with the winning penalty in the shootout.
Receiving transmission: StarCraft Remastered is about to go live! While we at Ars have yet to begin testing the final retail version, I couldn't help but point out that this 1pm ET launch gives fans plenty of time to get ready for one of the funnier old-school PC gaming giveaways we've seen in recent memory.
Starting at 6pm ET today, Blizzard will begin accepting entries for the only "free pizza for your LAN party" contest we have ever found on the Internet.
From that hour until 11pm ET, series fans are invited to capture "a wholly original photograph of Entrant participating in a StarCraft Remastered LAN party with at least one (1) friend," then post it on Twitter with a #StarCraftPizzaMe hashtag. (Meaning, you can't pull out a few computers, boot SCR on all of them, and add a caption about how everyone else has gone to pick up Doritos and Mountain Dew. #foreveralone)
Blizzard staffers will then pick "up to 50" submissions based on "the most creative, humorous, or original photograph[s]" with the aforementioned hashtag. Those winners will be notified and asked to provide a physical address, to which Blizzard will direct delivery of five pizzas costing approximately $75. (The official rules don't mention a participating pizza chain; we can only hope Blizzard lets fans make requests for which restaurant and which toppings.) Now, we're not necessarily the kind to post about gaming contests, but we're happy to see every mechanical element of the original StarCraft: Brood War release retained in SCR—including, of course, the ability to play with and against friends in wholly offline LAN modes. So, yes, please celebrate the glory of LAN play with roughly 250 free pizzas, Blizzard.
StarCraft Remastered's launch date was previously announced at a special preview event in June, which was the only time Ars has gone hands-on with the $15 remaster so far. Advance code was not provided for testing on our own PCs and Macs ahead of release, but we're diving in as soon as possible to work up impressions of the retail release—and its new aesthetic elements, including 4K-ready assets, a new lighting system, and redone single-player story scenes—very soon.
By The Associated Press
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — Parents in South Africa's economic hub of Johannesburg have been asked to keep their children at home from school “for their own safety” after a protest by minibus taxi drivers turned violent.
The drivers protesting the high price of their vehicles threatened motorists and blocked highways Thursday, causing massive gridlock. Police said some of the vehicles had been hijacked by taxi drivers.
Passengers concerned about missing flights were seen wheeling their luggage along a highway to O.R. Tambo International Airport as hundreds of minibus taxis blocked traffic.
Motorists have reported violence. South Africa's Automobile Association has warned drivers in the city to be vigilant and remain calm if threatened.
Advertisement
The South African National Taxi Council calls the high monthly payments on the vehicles it uses “simply unaffordable.”
The owners of a green parrot named, “Beany” have their pet back just days after it was swiped from their front porch.
Kennewick Police say the bird, along with its cage, was taken from a home in Kennewick on April 10th. The owners had placed the bird outside so he could get some fresh air, and later discovered the bird and cage missing.
firefighters at a fire station on Morain St. noticed the cage outside a bay door at the station as they were responding to a call Saturday morning.
Police don't have any information about who took the bird, or who returned it.
The time for talking is fast approaching as Mercedes start a new year with Formula One waiting for a big announcement about who is going to replace retired world champion Nico Rosberg alongside Lewis Hamilton.
The team made clear before the Christmas break that they would have nothing to say before the full return to work on Tuesday.
There is evidence, however, to suggest the decision is all but made.
According to the motorsport.com website, Finnish driver Valtteri Bottas was at the Mercedes factory at Brackley before Christmas to meet team engineers and try out the cockpit of the 2017 car.
Bottas has raced for Mercedes-powered Williams since his Formula One debut in 2013 and Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff, a former Williams shareholder, has also been involved with the 27-year-old's management team.
The Finn is the bookmakers' favourite to replace Rosberg, who quit unexpectedly last month only five days after winning his first title, but other elements may need to slide into place before a deal can be announced.
One would be for Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa to agree to abandon his announced retirement and return to Williams as Bottas's replacement.
Claire Williams, deputy principal of the team founded by her father, indicated last month that Williams would be open to Bottas leaving if “an experienced, credible alternative was available” – such as the 35-year-old Massa.
Pascal Wehrlein, the 22-year-old Mercedes reserve driver who might have expected to take Rosberg's place but lacks experience, is another piece of the jigsaw.
The young German raced for tail-enders Manor last year, scoring the only point for a financially-challenged team whose future remains uncertain, but is expected to join Ferrari-engined Sauber alongside Sweden's Marcus Ericsson.
Wolff, in his final words to the team before the break, gave no clues but emphasised that Mercedes' best interests would always come first.
“Our position in the spotlight puts every decision taken and every word spoken under an intense microscope,” said the Austrian. “They are debated passionately among our fans and interpreted by the media.
“But there has been enough talking, now. This is the period for calm and considered reflection, to savour our achievements and prepare for the next campaign.”
With testing due to start in Spain late next month, ahead of the opening race in Australia on March 26, the factories are now entering their busiest period. The time for reflection is coming to an end.
By JASON URBANUS
Monday, December 11, 2017
Over the past several years, divers have retrieved thousands of objects from the wreck site of the Portuguese ship Esmeralda off the coast of Oman. The ship was originally part of an armada led by Vasco de Gama, but sank in a storm in 1503. One of the artifacts, a bronze disc measuring around seven inches in diameter, was recently confirmed to be a rare astrolabe, a type of navigational instrument. When the object was first brought to the surface it was unclear what it might be, since all lines and nautical markings had disappeared. Only two symbols remained visible—the Portuguese coat of arms and the personal emblem of King Dom Manuel I. However, 3-D laser scanning undertaken by the University of Warwick revealed 18 etched lines radiating from the disc's center, each separated by five-degree increments. Sailors used these markings to measure the sun's height above the horizon at noon, which helped them determine their location.
The first baby born in 2017 was a boy in Limassol who arrived 15 minutes into the New Year in a private clinic, while two more babies soon followed suit, all in the same district.
Cyprus' first new citizen for 2017was born a few days before the scheduled birthdate, at 12.15am on Sunday. The boy, who weighs 2,270kilos, is also the first child of his parents, and was born in a Limassol private clinic.
Another baby, this time a girl, was born also in Limassol, at around 2.10am on New Year's Day. According to Antenna TV, the baby girl, who weighs 3,130kg was born a month prematurely in another private clinic.
A second baby boy was born some four minutes later, again in Limassol. The baby, who weighs 2,290kg, is the second child of his parents and he too arrived three days earlier than the estimated birthdate.
Paphos too welcomed two new-borns – a girl and a boy – the first, three hours after the turn of the year.
A baby girl weighing 4,145kg was born at 3am, while a boy that weighs 2,430kg arrived some three and a half hours later. Both babies were born at the Paphos general hospital.
December 11, 2017 3:32 PM
A new poll by the Public Policy Institute of California says 59 percent of Democrats, 62 percent of Republicans and 72 percent of independents - and, overall, 64 percent of likely voters - agreed with the statement that America's two main parties “do such a poor job that a third major party is needed.” For those following the Golden State's deep-blue politics who may find this surprising, here's how John Myers of the Los Angeles Times put it in perspective:
Lest you think this level of disgust is more deeply ingrained in one subset of California voters, consider this: Even though Democrats in the state are the ones railing against the agenda of President Trump and Republicans in Washington, they slightly trail their GOP neighbors in being fed up with the two-party system.
This desire for a third option may seem hard to square with our era of either-or tribal politics - my side is always right, your side is always wrong. But this hankering for something new is nothing new. In the last 45 years, third-party or independent candidates have managed to win governor's races twice in both Alaska and Maine and once in Minnesota, Rhode Island and Connecticut. And in a Gallup Poll five months before the 1992 presidential election, third-party candidate Ross Perot even had a clear lead over Republican incumbent George H.W. Bush and Democratic challenger Bill Clinton. Perot nabbed a still-healthy 19 percent of the November vote - despite a gaffe-strewn campaign that included him accusing the Bush campaign of “scheming to smear his daughter with a computer-altered photograph and to disrupt her wedding,” according to a report in The New York Times, and also included Perot repeatedly referring to “you people” in a speech to the NAACP.
There's also the phenomenon of celebrity candidates winning elections despite policy views at odds with their parties. Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger's Hollywood background, social liberalism and history of marijuana use didn't make him seem much like a Republican, but he was easily elected governor of California in the 2003 recall of Gray Davis, trouncing state Sen. Tom McClintock - a pure GOP stalwart. Then there's businessman Donald Trump, who won the Republican nomination and the presidency in 2016 after a campaign in which he disavowed traditional GOP calls to cut entitlement spending and give tax breaks to billionaires (views that have changed, obviously, since he reached the White House).
So is there a sweet spot in American politics just waiting to be filled? Maybe. In 2004, in one of his best pieces ever in The New Yorker, best-selling author Malcolm Gladwell told a story with interesting parallels. Gladwell wrote about Howard Moskowitz, a marketing wizard who didn't believe consumers “know what they desire if what they desire does not yet exist.” Moskowitz was hired by Campbell Soup Co. to boost its Prego spaghetti sauce in its war for market dominance with Ragú. Working with food scientists, he came up with 45 types of spaghetti sauce “designed to differ in every conceivable way: spiciness, sweetness, tartness, saltiness, thickness, aroma, mouth feel, cost of ingredients and so forth.” Campbell eventually took some his prototypes on the road and had 100 people in four cities eat and rate up to 10 small bowls of different spaghetti sauces. Gladwell wrote:
When Moskowitz charted the results, he saw that everyone had a slightly different definition of what a perfect spaghetti sauce tasted like. If you sifted carefully through the data, though, you could find patterns, and Moskowitz learned that most people's preferences fell into one of three broad groups: plain, spicy and extra-chunky, and of those three the last was the most important.
Why? Because at the time there was no extra-chunky spaghetti sauce in the supermarket. Over the next decade, that new category proved to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars to Prego. “We all said, 'Wow!' “ Monica Wood, who was then the head of market research for Campbell's, recalls. “Here there was this third segment - people who liked their spaghetti sauce with lots of stuff in it - and it was completely untapped. So in about 1989-90 we launched Prego extra-chunky. It was extraordinarily successful.”
Might there be a third such option for voters? An anecdotal and statistical case can be built that yes, there is. Politicians who are fiscally conservative and socially liberal - so long as they have a credible background, decent communication skills and the ability to raise funds or self-fund a campaign - could strike a chord with one-third of voters, and maybe far more.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Two of the candidates I've already mentioned fit this libertarian lite profile. Perot, the tech billionaire who got a higher percentage of the vote than any third-party candidate in 80 years with his 1992 run, was a deficit hawk who was pro-choice on abortion and supported gay rights. Schwarzenegger was an apostle of free-market capitalism who liked to quote Milton Friedman, but he staked out liberal stances on abortion and gay rights - on some issues “sounding more like a Democrat than a Republican,” according to a 2003 CNN story during the recall campaign. A case could also be made that tech billionaire Michael Bloomberg - a former Democrat who was elected mayor of New York twice as a Republican and then to a third term as an independent - falls in this sweet spot of politics.
Polling shows social liberals are increasing in America, reaching a new high of 31 percent, according to a Gallup Poll from earlier this year. But another Gallup survey from 2015 shows there are more than twice as many fiscal conservatives (39 percent) as fiscal liberals (19 percent). No tidy Venn diagrams are available showing how many libertarian lites there are, but the phenomenon is significant enough that it's already being assailed by liberal critics.
Here's what Huffington Post writer Jess Coleman had to say in 2015:
As public support has rapidly shifted on issues such as same-sex marriage and marijuana legalization - the so-called “social issues” - we've seen a major rise in the “social liberal, fiscal conservative.” But I'm not buying it. This contortion is nothing more than a red herring . . (What) the “socially liberal, fiscally conservative” person is really saying is: “I support the plight of the marginalized, so long as I don't have to do anything about it.”
Harvard Crimson writer Megan O. Corrigan had a similar take that same year:
(The) “socially liberal, fiscally conservative” catchphrase indicates commitment to liberalism only when it does not cost money. . But what about women's access to paid-for daycare and maternity leave? What about health care for the poor, housing for the homeless, treatment programs for addicts and access to good public education for every child? The idea that these policies are fiscal rather than social is absurd.
Coleman and Corrigan make a strong point. But calling people who are fiscally conservatives and socially liberal hard-hearted isn't likely to win them over.
And maybe, just maybe, in 2020, these Americans and the rest of the electorate will get the Prego extra-chunky option in the presidential race in the form of an independent bid by tech billionaire-reality TV star-NBA owner Mark Cuban. Earlier this year he told Vice that he was “socially liberal, fiscally conservative and proudly independent” in an interview - days after telling the Washington Post that he wasn't interested in running for president, but “sometimes you got to do what you got to do.”
Do it, Mark, do it. As the Prego marketing genius suggested, voters can't know what they desire if what they desire does not yet exist.
Chris Reed, who has pined for libertarianism to be relevant for decades, can be reached at chris.reed@sduniontribune.com
Industrial umpire Donna McKenna is no stranger to disputes.
But after her "unhappy experiences" complaining that advice from a celebrity "financial guru" would have cost her $500,000, the Fair Work commissioner wonders what hope there is for everyday Australians.
Ms McKenna went to Sam Henderson for advice after seeing him on television and reading his articles in publications such as the Australian Financial Review and Money Magazine.
She also knew his advisory firm Henderson Maxwell had been named the Association of Financial Advisers' 2016 practice of the year.
But the advice she received was "risible", Ms McKenna told the banking royal commission.
"I can remember saying to my son words to the effect I can't believe this.
"I've been to see the financial planner of the year and this is what you get.
"I thought that if I went to an independently-owned financial planning firm that I wouldn't be subjected to product flogging of the type associated with the big banks, and yet, all I'm being flogged is Henderson Maxwell's own products and services."
The commission heard Ms McKenna would have lost $500,000 "just like that" if she had followed the advice, as she would have forfeited her rights to that entire deferred lump sum benefit if she accessed her superannuation before the earliest retirement age of 58.
Mr Henderson blamed the problems with the advice on an error in the research conducted by a paraplanner.
He offered a refund of the $4950 upfront plan preparation fee but Ms McKenna took her complaint to another professional body, the Financial Planning Association, in March 2017.
The complaint and disciplinary process has not been finalised.
Ms McKenna said she felt she had a public duty to share her story and "unhappy experiences with the FPA" with the royal commission.
"If someone with my educational and occupational background hits a wall when you endeavour to engage proper disciplinary processes, what hope would someone who does not have those type of occupational background and skills - what hope are other people going to have?
"It seems that it is going to take a royal commission so that I can find out what happened to my complaint before the FPA."
FPA CEO Dante De Gori will give evidence about the disciplinary system within the financial advice sector when the commission hearing resumes on Thursday.
Interest rates reached a milestone Tuesday and the stock market frowned.
Tuesday morning, for the first time in four years, the rate on the 10-year U.S. government note topped 3 percent before falling back a bit. The bond market move contributed to a sharp sell-off in stocks, as investors wondered whether the long-running bull market might be at a pivot point.
The Dow Jones industrial average swung more than 750 points in the trading day. The key stock index closed down 425 points, or about 1.7 percent. The S&P 500 index lost 1.3 percent for the day.
The rate on the benchmark Treasury note is a key metric in determining many consumer and business interest rates. For instance, the recent rise in the 10-year government yields has coincided with an uptick in 30-year-mortgage rates.
The 3 percent rate level sends a number of crosscurrents through the financial markets, both positive and negative.
The rate increase is partly a response to swelling government debt and to rising commodity prices, including oil, which puts upward pressure on inflation, says Brad McMillan, the chief investment officer at Commonwealth Financial Network.
The rate move also gives stock investors worries that the higher yields make bonds a more attractive investment, undermining stock prices, he says. "So investors who might have gone into stocks to try and get their target return now have the choice of going into bonds," McMillan says.
But he says the increase in interest rates back toward more normal levels also suggests investors have more confidence the economy is likely to continue to grow for some time.
"In many respects the fact that interest rates are now moving back into a normal range is not a sign of trouble. It's a sign of success," McMillan says. "I mean, this is exactly where we've wanted to get to since the [financial] crisis — back to a more normal environment."
Even with the 10-year note's move to the 3 percent level, interest rates remain historically low for this point in an economic expansion.
The Federal Reserve has been trying to move rates higher. But the effort has been slowed by stubbornly quiescent inflation, which has remained below the central bank's target level. The higher 10-year yield suggests inflation may be finally headed toward the Fed's target.
Flames head coach Ronny Van Geneugden has named a 20-man squad to go into a two week training camping on Sunday at Mpira Village.
The list has excluded Be Forward Wanderers and Masters Security players as they are preparing for continental competitions.
Before the commencement of the training, the players are expected to undergo a medical checkup.
Ernest Kakhobwe is back into the squad after recovering from his injury while up-and-coming players Peter Banda from Griffin Young Stars and Chimwemwe Idana have also made it into the camp.
Below is the full squad list:
GOALKEEPERS
Charles Thom – Dwangwa United FC Brighton Munthali – Silver Strikers FC Lehman Nthala – Kamuzu Barracks FC Ernest Kakhobwe – Nyasa Big Bullets FC
DEFENDERS
John Lanjesi – Nyasa Big Bullets FC Charles Petro – Premier Bet Wizards FC Gomezgani Chirwa – Civil Sporting Club FC Ian Chinyama – Nyasa Big Bullets FC Yamikani Fodya – Nyasa Big Bullets FC
MIDFIELDERS
Chimwemwe Idana – Nyasa Big Bullets Reserve Chikoti Chirwa – Red Lions FC Levison Maganizo – Silver Strikers FC Mike Mkwate – Nyasa Big Bullets FC
STRIKERS & WINGERS
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — The U.S government has provided more than $55,000 to Cambodia for the preserving of personal items belonging to prisoners at a Khmer Rouge prison and torture center in the 1970s.
The project agreement was signed Monday by U.S. Ambassador to Cambodia William Heidt and Cambodian Secretary of State for Ministry of Culture and Fine Art Chuch Phoeurn. The funding aims to preserve and maintain 3,000 to 5,000 items of clothing, shoes, hats and belts belonging to prisoners who were detained at the Khmer Rouge's main Tuol Sleng prison facility.
Under the 1975-79 Khmer Rouge regime, an estimated 17,000 Cambodians were tortured at the center, known as S-21 prison, and then killed. An estimated 1.7 million Cambodians died from execution, starvation and inadequate medical care under the rule of the ultra-communist group.
Heidt said the timing of the project is critical since the items are slowly deteriorating. The prisoners' belongings tell the extremely personal and heartbreaking stories of the victims of the Khmer Rouge and include clothing, hats and other items from both adults and children.
“If you look closely, you even can see that some items still show blood and sweat stains,” Heidt said. “The conservation work will carefully preserve the textiles without removing this historical evidence. Each piece carries its own history and we recognize how important it is to preserve this story for future generations.”
Chuch Phoeurn welcomed the U.S. funding and said the preservation of the belongings is important because they can help educate young Cambodians. He said some of the items will be displayed at the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CLOSE After over 80 years, the first crop of industrial hemp is planted in Broome County. Patrick Oehler/Staff Video
Christine Smart of Cornell University's Hemp Research Team in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences talks to farmers about the experimental hemp crop being developed by the college during a presentation at the Geneva installation in August 2017. (Photo: Provided Photo)
When 22-year-old Owen Martinetti and a partner moved from Queens to a farm in Rensselear County, his neighbors were certain the pair were growing "weed."
They are — but not in the sense most people have in mind.
To the surprise of many, they will join about 100 farmers legally planting more than 3,000 acres of cannabis across New York this year.
Five years ago, these growers would have been hauled off to jail. Today, they are being celebrated as entrepreneurs, pioneers in a new and potentially lucrative industry that will provide another crop option for New York's hard-pressed agricultural community.
These aren't the same varieties of hemp being cultivated in Colorado, or other locales where marijuana is legal. This is a hemp strain practically devoid of THC — the chemical that gets marijuana users high. Rather, this is cannabis designed for new, nonpsychoactive uses being developed by a fledgling industry about to bust from the shadows — with one huge caveat.
More: SIGN UP: Wake up to huge pressconnects savings and then wake up every day to the news
For the industry to thrive, decades-old laws that lump industrial hemp in with the THC-laden crop need to be addressed. In some parts of the country, growing the non-THC version of hemp or selling industrial hemp-derived products can still attract the attention of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and local law enforcement.
"Botanically, industrial hemp and marijuana are from the same species of plant, Cannabis sativa, but from different varieties or cultivars that have been bred for different uses," said a 2017 Congressional Research Service report on industrial hemp. "Industrial hemp and marijuana are genetically distinct forms of cannabis."
Industrial hemp contains less than 0.3 percent THC. The largely illegal types contain a far higher proportion of the substance known to create the marijuana high.
"You can smoke industrial hemp for a week and all you will get is a sore throat," said Richard Ball, New York's commissioner of Agriculture and Markets, who has enthusiastically signed on as an industrial hemp booster. "I really think this has incredible potential."
Four years ago, the federal Farm Bill authorized industrial hemp development for research purposes. Kentucky has been at the forefront in adapting to the new industrial hemp environment, promoting it as alternative crop. New York is close behind. But progressing beyond the research stage has been a struggle, stifling a farming segment ready to invest millions into the field, from growing to processing.
Industrial hemp uses are varied. Plant fibers can be used for new and lighter forms of building and insulation material and livestock bedding. Hemp-derived oils can be used in salad dressings, nutritional supplements, beauty products and animal feed. Some even speculate the product can be used in new pharmacological products to treat illnesses, but more research needs to be done.
"It seems to be having a good effect in reducing seizures," said Larry Smart, a member of Cornell University's Hemp Research Team at the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences.
Although pharmaceutical uses are promising, the immediate benefits can come from nutritional and personal care products.
"Hemp is the highest digestible form of protein," said Joy Beckerman, New York State Hemp Industry president. "Hemp is really here to serve all humanities needs."
A field of industrial hemp grown in 2017 in Ithaca by the Cornell University Hemp Research Team. Faculty members with the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences are experimenting with the crop to learn the best growing processes across the state. (Photo: Provided photo)
Industrial hemp-derived nutritional products contain no soy and are gluten-free, Beckerman said, ticking off many attributes now popular with consumers. It produces high-quality oil, rich in Omega 6 and Omega 3, two elements known to promote better health, a better source than fish oil, she said. There's even a hemp infused wine.
In 2016, the retail value of hemp products sold in the U.S. totaled $688 million, growing from virtually nothing in 2014, based on numbers compiled by the Hemp Business Journal.
In a nod to the industry's rich potential, Gov. Andrew Cuomo committed $10 million in this year's budget to support hemp research, production and processing. A portion of those funds, $650,000, will be granted to Southern Tier Hemp, a company that will build an $3.2 million hemp processing facility in Broome County.
Researchers from Cornell University, Binghamton University and SUNY Morrisville have paired with cultivators and farmers on hemp research pilot programs.
This week, Martinetti and partners started their first crop on 30-acres in the Town of Berlin, enough to support 65,000 plants.
More: Who wants to grow New York hemp?
More: Advocates: Hemp could again dominate Pennsylvania fields
More: How does hemp grow? Find out at Endicott info session
More: JC winery to sell country's only hemp-infused wine
Thirty pages of paperwork were required to get a license from New York's Department of Agriculture and Markets to grow large quantities of industrial hemp, not to mention $2.4 million in seed money from a collection of investors.
"Once you educate people on the differences, they adapt," Martinetti said, standing out in his Patagonia jacket, denim pants and farm boots at a recent Albany legislative forum on the industrial hemp industry, where most others were in sport jackets and ties. "The everyday farmer will benefit from hemp."
Indeed, development of industrial hemp may assist New York farmers who are now hard-pressed by flat and declining dairy prices.
By Martinetti's estimate, an acre of industrial hemp could yield from $350 to $800, compared to $180 for corn or soybeans. On those numbers alone, the allure of the new crop is evident.
Hemp plants can grow to seven to eight feet tall. The Ithaca crop in this photo was harvested to be used for their fibers. (Photo: Provided photo)
"Farmers will grow anything as long as they can make money off it," said Jeff Williams, director of public policy for the New York Farm Bureau.
It has been 80 years since the last sizable and legal hemp harvest in New York. In the 18th and 19th centuries hemp was a popular crop, with the plant processed to produce rope and fiber, among other items. In fact, Cornell researchers, on rare occasion, still find feral hemp plants growing in upstate New York fields, a remnant from Colonial times.
"Our population at large has had almost no interaction with hemp for decades," Agriculture Commissioner Ball said. "We have to educate people."
For the industry to grow, however, proponents say laws must acknowledge that there are two forms of hemp — the psychotropic drug and the industrial variety.
At a recent Albany hemp panel, Marc Privitera, chief executive and principal engineer with PrePorocess Inc., a grower and processor from Jefferson County, displayed a harvested hemp plant stalk containing no leaves, just a dead plant tube.
"Does this look like marijuana?" he asked.
Yet he still has major limits on his business even though the byproduct of that stalk can be used not as an element to be crushed up and smoked but as ingredient in fiber insulation.
Europe has been involved in hemp production since the 1980s, using the plant largely in building products.
This year, an estimated 25,000 acres of industrial hemp will be cultivated in the United States. The numbers are dwarfed by production in European Union, Canada and China. In China's Yunnan province, 10,000 farmers grow it. Most of the seeds used to produce domestic hemp are imported from Canada and overseas.
The 3,000 New York acres expected for hemp, however, is a small fraction of the total devoted to cash crops. In 2012, the department of Agriculture and Markets reported 136,000 acres of vegetables were planted in the state.
"Bottom line, we're importing hemp," said Peter Shafer of Nanticoke Gardens in Endicott, which grew five acres of industrial hemp last year. A large sign on the edge of the hemp field warned those who believed they may have discovered the mother-lode of the illegal material that these weeds contained less than a fraction of 1 percent of THC.
"If we can grow it competitively and process it competitively it should be a no-brainer," Shafer said. "It's a matter of getting people to the point where they are smart enough to know the difference (between legal and illegal cannabis)."
What's generating the most interest in the entrepreneurial community is the CBD — cannabidiol — derived from the hemp plant.
Most of Martinetti's crop will be processed for CBD. A $3.4 million processing plant in Kirkwood by Southern Tier Hemp will be devoted to extracting CBD from the flowers and buds in the hemp plant.
Supporters claim CBD products can be used to treat opioid addiction, anxiety, sleeplessness and inflammation. There's little scientific evidence to back up the claims now, but that doesn't keep promoters from touting the potential benefits.
Nevertheless, Southern Tier Hemp plans to build a processing plant that meets all Federal Drug Administration standards.
Binghamton University's newly opened School of Pharmacy and Pharmacological Sciences has signed on as a research partner with Southern Tier Hemp to evaluate CBD oil uses in the pharmaceutical industry.
"We are looking at it from the standpoint of it being a wellness product rather than a nutritional product," said Michael Falcone, Southern Tier Hemp co-founder and chief executive.
Hampering development of the industrial hemp industry now is finding a domestic supply. It's growing, but still too small to support the expected growth for an industry just ready to break out.
"Most researchers acknowledge the potential profitability of industrial hemp, but also the potential obstacles to its development," the congressional research report said. "Current challenges facing the industry include the need to re-establish agricultural supply chains, breed varieties with modern attributes, upgrade harvesting equipment, modernize processing and manufacturing, and identify new opportunities."
Acknowledging those current limitations in the domestic supply, Southern Tier Hemp and other start-up processors are attempting to generate interest among farmers, hoping they will devote a share of their land to growing the crop as soon as current legal obstacles are cleared.
"We've had several meetings and workshops with a couple of hundred farmers over the past several months," Falcone said, with the intent to spawn interest in growing enough raw product to supply what he expects to be a 100-person processing operation.
Alhough a weed, hemp does require attention. It needs to grow in soil with good drainage, especially in its formative stages. Plants will develop root rot in soil too wet.
Shafer found that out quickly last year. After his first planting, he had 30 days of rain, decimating a portion of his crop.
"We did have our problems," Shafer said. He's still undecided about this year's crop, waiting to make a decision until after his busy retail season.
Cornell researchers are still trying to determine the best growing regimen for different parts of the state. Planting times will vary depending on geography, earlier in Long Island, later in the Finger Lakes, and even later in the North Country.
Complicating the growing process are the different varieties of industrial hemp — one for fiber uses and the other for CBD — must be kept separate.
"It's going to be tricky for people to understand that you can't grow fiber type hemp next to the CBD type," said Assemblywoman Donna Lupardo, D-Endwell, who has been vigorously promoting industrial hemp as a new economic engine for the Southern Tier.
Lupardo has joined state Sen. Thomas O'Mara, R-Elmira, in pushing for reform of state and federal farm legislation to jump start the industrial hemp industry. After a mid-week hemp industry panel held in Albany on May 22, Lupardo and O'Mara concluded they may have to both travel to the nation's capital to do some lobbying on behalf of the industry.
"People, in general, are still very nervous because, technically, it is still a controlled substance," Lupardo said. "We are pushing this as hard as we can. I see this turning into a rebirth of manufacturing."
More importantly, for the dairy farmers suffering from years of depressed milk prices, the advent of a renewed hemp crop offers them the chance to supplement their incomes with a plant that could rejuvenate the family farm.
"There are a lot of good things that can come from the industry," Shafer said. "I'm optimistic for the grower. There's a tremendous opportunity."
Follow Jeff Platsky on Twitter @JeffPlatsky.
Read or Share this story: https://press.sn/2LK9rkm
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
A new plaque (bottom R) is seen in place of a previous plaque, which had gone missing, at the Royal plaza in Bangkok, Thailand, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Matthew Tostevin
A new plaque is seen in place of a previous plaque, which had gone missing, at the Royal plaza in Bangkok, Thailand, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Matthew Tostevin
BANGKOK A plaque commemorating a 1932 coup in Thailand that saw absolute monarchy abolished and democracy established has gone missing, police in Bangkok said on Saturday, prompting outcry from pro-democracy activists.
The 1932 coup, also known as the Siamese Revolution, was a crucial turning point in Thai history and ended nearly seven centuries of absolute monarchy, paving the way for political and social reforms.
Since then, Thailand has gone through a shaky experiment with democracy and has witnessed a succession of political protests and coups.
Thailand has been governed by a junta since the latest coup, 2014, which saw the military overthrow a democratically elected government.
The plaque, which was embedded in a square in central Bangkok, was removed and replaced with a new one which highlights the importance of the monarchy.
"It is good to worship the Buddhist trinity, the state, one's own family, and to be faithful to one's monarch and allow oneself to be the engine that brings prosperity to the state," the new plaque reads.
Police in the Dusit district where the plaque was located said they were not sure who removed it and were investigating.
Ultra-royalist groups had previously threatened to remove the plaque.
Activists said that the plaque's removal was a bid by royalist conservatives to rewrite history.
"This is another attempt to alter the history of democracy in this country," Than Rittiphan, a member of the student-led New Democracy Movement which has protested against military rule, told Reuters.
"It is nothing more than fascist rhetoric aimed at brainwashing the next generation," he said.
The government, led by Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, a former army chief and staunch royalist, has stepped up prosecution of critics of the monarchy under a harsh royal insult law.
Right groups say sensitivity over any activity deemed as anti-monarchy has grown since King Maha Vajiralongkorn ascended the throne following the death of his father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, last year.
Last week, the government announced a ban on all online interaction with three critics of the junta who live abroad.
King Vajiralongkorn signed a military-backed constitution into law this month, a step toward an election next year that the junta has said will restore democracy.
The new constitution is the 20th since the end of absolute monarchy and critics say it will give the military sway over politics for years to come.
(Reporting by Cod Satrusayang and Matthew Tostevin; Editing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre and Robert Birsel)
First Lady Gertrude Mutharika on Saturday presented a donation of 400 pieces of musical instruments worth around K7.2 Million to six selected schools in the country from Chinese students. The schools which were selected on…
The post Beautify Malawi Trust hands over musical instruments worth to six schools appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
Oklahoma City police are looking for a suspect they say shoplifted from a pawn shop.
Officers say surveillance video captured the man walking in the foreground who is suspected of shoplifting from a pawn shop at 5916 North May Ave.
Anyone with any information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at (405) 235-7300, or leave a tip online at www.okccrimetips.com.
The global market for lignite mining is influenced by the increased need for energy and the rising prices of various energy production resources. Also, with the development taking place in the economies such as India and China, the demand for energy will rise, thereby, increasing the price of energy and its resources. This rise in price tends to shift the interest of industries towards other resources of energy. Recently, countries such as Germany has stopped its nuclear power generation business and switched to other electricity generating resources. AWE AG, a German electric utility company has ramped up coal use to generate electricity from lignite and, according to Bloomberg Businessweek; presently the firm generates about 52% of power in Germany. Henceforth, the global market for lignite mining is expected to grow with the rising energy prices and nuclear hazard concerns.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=2720
Lignite coal is mostly used as a fuel, in steam to electric power generation units. The presence of high content of volatile matter makes it easier to convert coal into gases and liquid petroleum products. Moreover, lignite is more accessible than other coals as the location of lignite veins are relatively nearer to the surface. This eliminates the need of underground mining and the risk of carbon monoxide or methane buildup, which is a primary safety concern in underground mining. Due to low energy density and high moisture content, lignite is often burned in power plants, near to the mines. Lignite is a major source of electricity in many countries and also reduces the import liabilities of countries with large production capability. Renewable sources of energy are being promoted by government, but the proportion of coal in world's energy basket is difficult to replace by renewable resources in near future, due to their high initial investment or lack of technologies with many countries. However, lignite mining also involves risks such as collapse of sloped earthen walls after heavy rains. The occurrence of such incident is rare due to the development of constant monitoring system, which helps to forecast the weather effect on mining conditions. The most common accidents in lignite mining industry are related to the maintenance and operations of heavy equipment used in the industry.
Coal to liquid (CTL) technologies provides a huge scope for lignite mining market. Coal to liquid (CTL) technology is used in many countries, including, South Africa with some under way projects in China, Philippines and India.
Lignite mining market can be segmented on the basis of end use as: electricity generation, fertilizer based production and synthetic natural gas generation. Electricity generation consumes more than half of the world's lignite coal production.
Request Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=2720
Some of the major players in Lignite mining market include SRK Consulting, ZEMAG Maschinenbau GmbH, Joy Global Surface Mining, Neyveli Lignite Corporation Limited, Environmental Clean Technologies Limited and RWE.
A post shared by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma) on May 19, 2017 at 3:19pm PDT
LeBron James: One man stands in the Warriors' way
The Warriors have one major obstacle standing between them and a second-straight NBA championship.
LeBron James.
Cleveland's legendary leader is playing out of his mind in this year's NBA playoffs, carrying a truly mediocre cast of teammates to the Finals for the fourth straight year.
It's a remarkable feat, really. But then everything about James seems remarkable. From his output to his leadership, from his impact to his stamina, there's a historic feel to what he's accomplishing this year.
Forget four straight trips to the mountain top with Cleveland, this is James' eighth straight Finals, dating back to his time with the Miami Heat.
That's not remarkable. It's ridiculous. And you can see it every night he plays.
The other night, late in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston, James stole a pass and broke away into the clear, two Celtics in hot pursuit. James not only beat them to the rim - while dribbling - he also carried Marcus Morris along for the ride. The 6-foot-9 Boston forward, who is a large man in his own right, clamped both hands down on James' shoulders from behind, hoping to deliver a hard foul and stop the easy basket.
King James simply elevated with Morris in tow, and scored.
James had outraced and outmuscled the Celtics, at a crucial moment of an elimination game. You could see their confidence evaporate.
The sequence reminded me of James' block on Andre Iguodala late in Game 7 of the 2016 NBA Finals, a tremendous physical burst, at a key moment. Alongside Kyrie Irving's clutch jump shot, James' hustle and stamina secured Cleveland's first NBA championship.
Fast forward two years, and we find ourselves in a familiar situation, but a different circumstance.
It's Round 4 of Golden State vs. Cleveland with the championship on the line. The difference, this time, is James no longer has Irving by his side … or pretty much anyone else. Irving, the ultra-talented point guard left, for Boston in an ill-fated, offseason trade for Isaiah Thomas, who isn't even with the Cavs anymore.
Cleveland essentially remade its roster midseason, trading away promising complimentary pieces like Thomas for a new crop of young talent and middling veterans. Can you remember a team blowing up the roster and making the Finals? It only works if you have James.
There are some familiar role players around, like J.R. Smith and Tristan Thompson. The most notable Cavalier, other than James, is Kevin Love. And he may not play due to a recent concussion.
You'll see the likes of George Hill and Kyle Korver and Larry Nance, Jr. - all of whom have played a role in getting Cleveland here. But you'll mostly see James trying to outmaneuver the Warriors and their four All-Stars, using his outsized basketball influence and intelligence.
It sounds like an impossible task - and it probably is - but if anyone can pull it off, it would be James. He's playing at the absolute peak of his powers right now, in his 15th season in the league. It's an absolutely astonishing development, given how many minutes he has played and how much burden he has shouldered.
Consider some of these statistics:
•James is the NBA's all-time leading scorer in the postseason, with 6,740 points. That's nearly 1,000 more than second-place Michael Jordan.
•He's also the league's all-time postseason leader in steals (414), field goals (2,396) and free throws (1,587) made.
•On this playoff run, he's averaging over 33 points a game, leading all players by far. He's made two buzzer-beating jump shots (against the Pacers and Raptors), making him only the second person to ever do that twice in one postseason (joining Robert Horry.)
•In the Game 7 closeout of Indiana, James scored 45, grabbed nine rebounds, dished out seven assists and had four steals in 43 minutes. Those are monstrous numbers rarely seen in the pressure-cooker of a Game 7.
•In Game 2 at Toronto in the Eastern Conference semifinals, James scored 43 points, with 14 assists, along with eight rebounds in 41 minutes. That's stupid good. No one has ever scored more than 40, while dishing out 14 assists, in the NBA playoffs.
Witness, indeed.
One could go on and on with statistics and superlatives. James is making his claim to being the greatest of all time, fulfilling a promise that started when he was a teenager in Akron, not far from Cleveland. He was ordained King at that early age, and he's actually managed to live up to it.
Amazing career. No off-court scandals. He's lifted those around him.
In Northeast Ohio, where I grew up a few years before James, losing had become endemic. We had lost our manufacturing jobs. We had lost our civic pride. We had lost more games than anyone can count. Cleveland teams inhabited the cellar of professional sports.
There were short glimpses of hope - the Bernie Kosar Browns, the Mark Price Cavs, the Albert Belle Indians - but they always fell short. Never brought home a title.
That is until James returned home - having won two titles in Miami - and delivered that unlikely and unbelievable 2016 championship to the region. The King delivered on his life's calling. He restored Cleveland's respect.
He also brought business back. Downtown redevelopment boomed. Restaurants opened. Jobs and hope. It all returned when James announced he was coming home.
It's amazing that one basketball player can have that kind of impact, but I've spoken with Chamber of Commerce-types in Cleveland over the past three years while covering the Finals, and they believe his return brought over $1 billion in economic impact to the region.
Once again, a remarkable achievement and something to be proud of. Whatever happens in these Finals. Whether James leaves as a free agent this summer, as many expect, or not.
One thing is certain: LeBron James has been as great for Cleveland on the court as he's been off of it.
LeBron James is Ohio royalty.
Al Saracevic is Sports Editor at The San Francisco Chronicle. E-mail: asaracevic@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @alsaracevic
The Food and Drug Administration on Friday warned that U.S. drug shortages are possible because power outages in Puerto Rico have stopped or limited production at many medicine factories there.
Nearly 10 percent of the medicines used by Americans, plus numerous medical devices, are made in Puerto Rico, which lost most electricity when it was hit hard by Hurricane Maria about two weeks ago.
FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in a statement that the agency is working to prevent shortages of about 40 crucial medicines. He has declined to identify those medicines but said Friday that the FDA would disclose any shortages if they occur; drug shortages are routinely listed on the FDA's website.
“We're keeping a close watch on the most critical medical products,” Gottlieb said.
The FDA is working with drugmakers and device manufacturers, who are trying to restore partial operations with backup generators, according to the statement. In the most urgent cases, the FDA is helping companies get fuel to keep their generators running and ship finished products.
At a news conference Thursday, Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rossello said power has been restored to 9 percent of customers. The government hopes to have the power back on for a quarter of the island within a month, and for the entire territory of 3.4 million people by March.
Gottlieb said the power disruptions could cause new medicine shortages and exacerbate shortages that existed before Hurricane Maria, and Irma before that, slammed the island.
At least for now, drugmakers say they should be able to prevent shortages by moving around inventory and, in some cases, increasing production at factories in other locations already making those products.
Medicines made in Puerto Rico include AstraZeneca's cholesterol drug Crestor, antibiotics and drugs for inflammation from Pfizer and Roche's Accu-Chek blood sugar test strips for diabetics. Eli Lilly makes the active ingredient for its diabetes medicines on the island. And Amgen, a huge biotech drugmaker, produces most of its medicines there, including widely used rheumatoid drug Enbrel, a number of cancer drugs, heart failure drug Corlanor and osteoporosis drugs Prolia and Xgeva.
Hurricane Maria didn't cause major damage to the roughly 80 medicine and device factories but many have needed cleanup and some repairs, according to several companies contacted by The Associated Press. The companies said operations were also hampered because workers couldn't get to factories and they were dealing with damage to their homes.
The medical products industry, which set up a large base in Puerto Rico decades ago to take advantage of since-expired tax advantages, is key to the financial health of the debt-laden territory. The FDA said medicines and medical devices account for about 30 percent of Puerto Rico's gross domestic product, and about 80 percent of those products are used by residents of Puerto Rico and the 50 states.
___
Follow Linda A. Johnson at https://twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. He studies evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," he says.
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told him about the findings of the study, he laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
Jamie Howells was among the Cheltenham Town season ticket holders to secure his ticket for the West Ham United Carabao Cup second round tie.
The match will be played on Wednesday, August 23 (7.45pm kick-off) and it has been chosen by Sky Sports as one of their live games.
A sell-out crowd of just over 7,000 is expected at Whaddon Road and queues were already forming on Monday morning.
Find out when you can buy your ticket here:
PRIORITY TIER ONE
Season ticket holders and shareholders will be able to purchase one ticket per person/season ticket book from 10am on Monday, August 14 until 8pm on Tuesday, August 15. We will also have a match on the evening of August 15 against Swansea City in the Checkatrade Trophy so why not come along to that and get your ticket at the same time?
PRIORITY TIER TWO
Robins Trust members, 500 Club members, Robins Travel Club members and holders of a ticket stub from the home match against Crawley Town on Saturday, August 12 will be able to purchase one ticket each from 10am on Wednesday, August 16 until 4pm on Thursday, August 17.
Please note that lists will be cross-checked so supporters who qualify under one more than one criterion (eg shareholder and Robins Trust member) will only be able to buy one ticket.
GENERAL SALE
All remaining tickets will go on sale from 10am on Friday 18 August.
JUNIOR ROBINS
As an all pay game, all Junior Robins (Under-11) are required to pay the U18s price shown above and must be accompanied by an adult. The level of ticket priority given to Junior Robins will the priority for which the adult qualifies. For example, a Junior Robin attending with a season ticket holder will receive Tier 1 priority. A Junior Robin attending with a Trust member will receive Tier 2.
VISITING SUPPORTERS
All tickets for the visiting supporters section will be sent to West Ham United FC. EFL Ground Reguations will apply to this match so any visiting supporters found to be in the home areas of the ground will be liable to ejection.
TICKET OFFICE OPENING HOURS
Monday, August 14 10am to 8pm
Tuesday, August 15 10am to 8pm
Wednesday, August 16 10am to 8pm
Thursday, August 17 10am to 4pm
Friday, August 18 10am to 4pm
Saturday 19, and Sunday 20 closed
Monday, August 21 10am to 4pm
Tuesday, August 22 10 to 4pm
Wednesday, August 23 10am to kick-off
MATCH TICKET PRICES
Aidy Bryant is standing her ground after an Instagram commenter said her upcoming movie, I Feel Pretty, “continues to perpetuate fat phobia.”
The film, which comes out April 20, stars Amy Schumer as Renee Barrett, a woman who is insecure and frustrated with her body until she hits her head and wakes up suddenly confident. Bryant plays Vivian, one of Barrett's close friends.
After the trailer debuted in February, people took to social media to criticize the movie for fat-shaming. And when Bryant shared a photo from the set on her Instagram page on Tuesday, the critical comments flew once again.
“I think you're great @aidybryant, but from the previews I've seen of this movie, it's a HUGE step backwards for the feminist movement, that at this very moment is having a huge identity shift that many of those on the front lines of the work are working against the messages in this film on a daily basis,” wrote one commenter. “I won't be supporting a movie that continues to perpetuate fat phobia and the notion that for a woman to be confident she needs to look a certain (read: thin, white, rich) way. The previews are extremely problematic and as a fat woman in Hollywood, who has thousands of fat girls who look up to you, I hope you will consider the message this film sends. Thumbs down.”
Bryant decided to respond to the commenter directly and explain why she believes in the movie's message.
“I hear what you're saying. I encourage you to see the film. I think you'll find that's not the case,” Bryant wrote. “I'm very proud to be in a movie tells the story of someone who believes confidence is directly tied to looks but learns that confidence comes from within. It's a movie I wish I could have seen when I was 14.”
Aidy Bryant Amy Schumer/Instagram
The Saturday Night Live comedian added that she's read for plenty of movies that promote body-shaming, and this isn't one of them.
“Through my short time in this industry I have been sent all kinds of demeaning scripts where my body is the punchline,” she said. “I choose my projects carefully with exactly these things in mind. Change cannot happen over night and this movie is a step in the right direction.”
(L-R) Aidy Bryant, Busy Philipps and Amy Schumer in I Feel Pretty Mark Schäfer/STX
Bryant's comment was swiftly applauded by her followers, including the original commenter who thanked her for her response. Schumer also reposted Bryant's words on her Instagram Story.
Bryant has spoken out in the past about her size, and her unintentional role in the body positivity movement.
“I didn't try to get on SNL to be a body-positivity activist, but apparently just being there makes you one,” Bryant said in November. “It's this weird kind of thing where you're like, I guess I kind of am. It's literally just not what I came here to do.”
But she decided to embrace it.
“It sounds so corny now, but representation does f—–g matter,” she said. “And I remember how as a child I was obsessed with Rosie O'Donnell even though that wasn't exactly what I wanted to do, but I was like, Oh my god, someone who's a little bit like me on TV.”
Sergio Perez believes the change in regulations in 2017 could enable his Sahara Force India F1 Team to challenge for a top three position in the Constructors' Championship, and sees no reason why the progress made over recent seasons cannot continue.
The Mexican took two podium finishes during the 2016 campaign in Monaco and Azerbaijan but sees a lot of potential within the Silverstone-based outfit to give him confidence about the future, especially with no lingering budgetary problems overhanging the team.
Perez was an integral part of Force India's rise to fourth place in the standings in 2016, becoming the first driver from the team to break through a hundred points in a season, and is now looking to be able to fight more often with those who finished ahead of them last season.
“Next year is our big opportunity to keep overachieving,” said Perez on Motorsport.com. “To move forward with the rule changes is our biggest opportunity, to try to get in the top three at the end of the year.
“Every year we have been moving up, so I see good potential, good people. I think the budget is quite good for next year in terms of what we can do in terms of upgrades.
“We are not in the position of the big teams, but I see good potential. If we get it right next year, we can definitely be in the top-three fight.”
The Prescott Swim Team hosted the annual Prescott Plunge over the Martin Luther King Jr. Day weekend, with five swimmers taking home medals for their performances. Heath Tinsley, 10, took first overall in the 50-meter freestyle, while 17-year-old Renee Baillie finished second overall in the 200 backstroke. Josh Baillie, 15, finished second overall in the 100 breaststroke, Jayden Long, 12, was third in the 500 freestyle and 10-year-old Elin Mischler was third in the 50 backstroke. “Girls and boys practicing and competing together on the same team as they grow up teaches them a respect for each other, which can't be found in other sports,” Prescott Swim Team president Greg Temple said. More than 260 youth swimmers from teams throughout Arizona attended the two-day event.
Annual Leprechaun Charity Open set for March 17
The ninth annual Leprechaun Charity Open golf tournament is scheduled to take place Saturday, March 17, at Antelope Hills Golf Course in Prescott. The tournament is sponsored by the men's golf club and benefits Prescott Area Shelter Services. Last year, 156 total golfers participated and raised $3,100. The club hopes to exceed that mark this spring. The event is a four-person scramble format at $55 per golfer, which includes green fees, cart, range balls and a buffet lunch. Scheduled tee time March 17 is 9 a.m. Deadline to enter is Friday, March 11. For more information go to leprechauncharityopen.ahmgc.com or contact Joe Gouveia at 928-830-0625.
D-backs to host race against cancer on March 31
The Arizona Diamondbacks are scheduled to host their sixth annual D-backs Race Against Cancer on Saturday, March 31, in Phoenix. Proceeds will benefit the Arizona Diamondbacks Foundation. The 5K/1-mile walk will head through downtown Phoenix streets and participants will be able to end with a victory lap around the outfield wall at Chase Field. The 5K is set to begin at 7:15 a.m. and the 1-mile Family Fund Walk will start at 8:30 a.m. Partipants will receive a D-backs racing shirt, unique finisher medal, a drawstring bag and a ticket to a game. Cost is $40 for the 5K and $20 for the 1-mile race. To register, log online to dbacks.com/race.
A poll says voters want federal and state governments to do more to address housing affordability.
A poll says voters want federal and state governments to do more to address housing affordability.
Nearly two in three Australians want federal and state governments to do more to address housing affordability.
A new Essential poll shows 62 per cent of those surveyed think the federal government isn't doing enough, while 60 per cent believe Labor needs to do more.
"We will have a minister for housing when we are in government because it's a key area," Labor senator Doug Cameron told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday.
"It's the key area of intergenerational inequality in this country."
Senator Cameron said the government's bond aggregator policy - to source capital for low-interest, long-term housing development loans - is not enough.
"We will have more to say before the election on housing affordability," he said.
But crossbench senator David Leyonhjelm said housing affordability is not an issue for Australians living outside Sydney or Melbourne.
"I don't think the federal government should get involved in it at all, other than to maybe muscle the state governments," he said.
Housing affordability was essentially a problem of supply.
"It's a state government problem and it's within the control of the state governments to do something about it."
When broken down along party lines, the Essential poll reveals 49 per cent of coalition voters believe the federal government isn't doing enough on affordability, while 57 per cent of Labor voters want the opposition to do more.
The polling, commissioned by the's Home campaign, has been released to coincide with housing and community groups uniting as part of a new campaign to lobby governments to do more.
"Making sure everyone has a home is a top order priority for Australians, but it is not matched by action from our political leaders. That needs to change," campaign spokeswoman Kate Colvin said on Tuesday.
President Professor Peter Mutharika has commended the People's Republic of China for the visible infrastructure development rendered to Malawi since the two countries established their relationship about ten years ago. Mutharika made the remarks at…
The post President Mutharika commends China for visible infrastructure development to Malawi appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Sixers went all in to land LeBron James, and should do the same for Kawhi Leonard | Marcus Hayes
Sixers went all in to land LeBron James, and should do the same for Kawhi Leonard | Marcus Hayes Jul 1
Marcus Hayes is a sports columnist for the Daily News and Inquirer. Hired more than 20 years ago as a features writer, he has since covered the Eagles, Phillies, and Sixers beats as well as Big Five basketball, college football, golf, and the Olympics.
Philadelphia's the place to be.
Someday.
If you can see past last weekend's disappointment, you'll see that the Sixers' future is just as bright today as it was before Russell Westbrook won the heart of Paul George at a Saturday night party and before LeBron James spurned Brett Brown and the Sixers' owners on Sunday.
That only means that the promised land might be farther off than Processors would like it to be, but the Process was never supposed to coalesce this much this quickly. One day soon, the best mercenaries will be willing to sacrifice money and years to play alongside Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons.
What happened this season was something of a mirage.
The Sixers added a pair of veteran shooters in February who spurred them to a 17-game winning streak and helped them reach the second round of the playoffs. It was glorious. But cameos by rental gunners Ersan Ilyasova and Marco Bellineli didn't fool George and James into believing that Embiid, Simmons and Dario Saric are an eyelash from competing with the Warriors.
You might argue that the Sixers are close, but it's hard to argue that James and George believed it. They might be right. The Sixers shouldn't be close.
The Process was supposed to begin in earnest in 2014-15, after the first cornerstone, Nerlens Noel, recovered from his knee injury, but it was delayed by two more seasons. Noel was healthy that season but he was never given the chance to develop. Embiid missed that season, and the next, with foot injuries, then missed most of the following season with a knee injury. Which brought the Process to last season, and 52 wins, and a playoff series win over Miami.
All of that accomplishment by a team that really is only about one year into the Process of building a viable contender. It will probably take two more full seasons before the franchise — the cornerstone players, the coach and management — forms a real identity. That's what James and George had to consider. That's what Kawhi Leonard considered, too, as the Sixers tried to trade with the Spurs for him, even as he trumpeted his preference to play with LeBron and the Lakers sooner — as in this season — or later, as in next season, when he hits the open market.
In this hour of meritless mourning, realize that James and George aren't the only relevant players in the NBA. They're just the most relevant players this summer. There will be others next summer, and the summer after that.
In this moment, though, there is no good use for the undercurrent of despair beneath the tidal wave of anger that accompanied the rejections. Just because Philadelphia wanted them doesn't mean they owed Philadelphia anything.
James left the region of his birth for the region of his preference, to live and to work among in the most magnificent collection of talent in the world — at least, the most magnificent collection of talent away from the court. On the court, you can throw any four schmoes into the same uniform he's wearing and they'll have a shot at beating Golden State.
George stayed in a place he likes with a player he likes. He avoided the pressure of playing in L.A., his hometown, and he escaped the pressure of being a messiah in a new town like Philadelphia — or even in his old town, Oklahoma City. He'll always be Westbrook's understudy. Some players aren't cut out for top billing. It's best for everyone that they realize it.
Besides, what would James or George get if they came to Philadelphia?
A massively talented center who hasn't even played 100 regular-season games. A No. 1 overall pick at point guard who cannot, and will not, shoot — no, wait; they'd get two of those. A brilliant coach who made egregious mistakes in the playoffs.
They'd join a team that, in the span of 25 months, parted with two general managers in such bizarre circumstances that neither might ever again work in the NBA. They'd come to a city that ran Andre Iguodala out of town because he wasn't Kobe Bryant. They'd work for an owner, Josh Harris, who traded Iguodala, Nik Vucevic, Moe Harkless and a first-round pick for Andrew Bynum, who never played a game for the Sixers, and Jason Richardson, who played 52 games in three seasons for them. The next season, Harris embarked on a scorched-earth rebuilding policy that resulted in 75 wins over the next four seasons under the misguidance of Sam Hinkie, who whiffed on three lottery picks. Harris then hired Jerry Colangelo to hire his son, Bryan Colangelo, whose wife tweeted him out of the league.
There has been a lot of laughing done since 2012 at the Sixers' expense. It's hard to convince anyone there won't be more.
Philadelphia was not anyone's preferred destination. Nor should it have been. It had no right to believe it was.
Brown and his billionaire bosses had every obligation to try to sell hope, and potential, and excitement, but they never were likely to find buyers. Philly simply can't be considered a great place to play.
Yet.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - US President Donald Trump has been holding question-and-answer sessions with his lawyer Rudy Giuliani ahead of a sit-down with the special investigator in the Russia meddling probe, media said.
"Rudy Giuliani tells me he is doing question and answer prep sessions regarding special counsel probe with the president in the evenings this week," NBC News' Kelly O'Donnell tweeted Wednesday.
She said the preparation was being conducted in person and over the phone to identify information protected by lawyer-client privilege that Trump should or should not disclose to Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
Giuliani said earlier this week that no decision had been made on a Trump interview, which is expected to shed light on claims of his campaign's collusion with Moscow during the 2016 presidential election.
Giuliani also said earlier that the Mueller's probe is not going to lead to an indictment against the sitting US president, saying that "they acknowledged" this fact "after some battling".
Uptown Columbus invites you to another weekend jam-packed with family friendly community events!
Becca Zajac with Uptown Columbus joins the News 3 Midday Community Watch to talk on this week's free performance for the Friday Night Concert Series: D.S.O.S (Deeper Souls of Shade) at 7 p.m. ET on Broadway.
This weekend the Valley also welcomes back the annual Tuskegee Morehouse Classic football game, starting off with a parade from Phenix City through Columbus Saturday morning. Vendors will also set up shop outside the A.J. McClung Memorial Stadium until game time kickoff at 2 p.m. ET. The event will wrap up with a post game block party at the Columbus Civic Center, weather permitting.
Click here to learn more about the 82nd annual Tuskegee Morehouse Classic and all its related events.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Taco Charlton hasn't made much of an impact through his first four NFL games.
The Dallas Cowboys' first-round pick out of Michigan has registered just three tackles, including one tackle for loss, and been credited with one quarterback pressure by the coaching staff in 101 snaps.
That's not the sort of production the Cowboys were hoping for when they used the 28th overall pick on Charlton to bolster their pass rush. Charlton is the first to say it, too.
”I'm not satisfied, definitely not,” Charlton said. “Right now, the biggest thing is working in the role I'm given. I'm used to playing 60, 70 plays last year, so getting in a rhythm faster is probably the biggest thing, the biggest factor for me.”
The Cowboys like to use a rotation along their defensive line to keep guys fresher. That's why Charlton is averaging about 25 snaps a game. But Charlton and the Cowboys aren't down on themselves yet.
Charlton recently saw Kobe Bryant's Muse documentary on Showtime, which chronicled Bryant's struggles as a rookie. Bryant, of course, went on to have one of the best careers in the history of the NBA.
“I just try to keep my head down and keep working,” Charlton said. “It's only four games in and we have 12 more regular-season games. My plan is to be effective more and more.
“I'm not the most paitent guy, I want the process to hurry up.”
So do the Cowboys and their coaching staff.
“The production has got to get better, the overall production,” defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli said. “And he's getting good looks, enough looks. Now it is time as the season goes, the production has to come at that position. But he is working hard at it at practice and it's just a matter of time.”
Owner Jerry Jones echoed those thoughts and remains high on Charlton. He recalled an old Tom Landry mantra that you shouldn't judge defensive lineman until their third season. Defensive linemen typically take longer to develop than other positions.
Of course, as Jones said, the game has changed over the years, but the Cowboys aren't about to give up on Charlton. Jones pointed to Charlton's versatility and length as being effective both as an end and interior player going forward.
“He's got a natural gift that he uses well,” Jones said on 105.3 The Fan. “He's extremely young. I think when he puts his techniques and gets a feel for the way you have to play this game, I think he's going to be a great player for us.
“I really do.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Haverhill dad has completed a gruelling 2,100km cycle across New Zealand to raise more than £20,000 for charity.
Stuart Bayne, 53, set off from Bluff on the southern tip of New Zealand on December 4.
He travelled all the way up to the northernmost point of the country, Cape Reinga, reaching his destination on December 22.
He was forced to alter his route after earthquakes that hit New Zealand last year caused closures on some of the roads he was planning to use.
It was while on one of these diversions that a passing truck knocked him off his bike, landing him in A&E.
But even this couldn't stop the intrepid father-of-three.
After completing the ride he said: “My bike and legs are still in surprisingly good shape, but I have had an A& drama, when swept off my cycle last week by a passing truck on the detour road due to the recent earthquake.
“Bit of drama and a sore knee otherwise all tickety boo!”
Raising money for Down's Syndrome Association
Stuart, who is married to a New Zealander, was fundraising for the Down's Syndrome Associations in Britain and New Zealand and received support from the Kiwi branch during the ride.
Stuart has family experience of Down's Syndrome and was aiming to raise £22,500 for charity.
So far, he's managed an incredible £21,691.64 and his Virgin Money Giving page is still open for donations.
The New Zealand cycle ride followed a similar challenge last year in which he cycled 1,100km across Europe, raising £17,000.
This brings his total funding for Down's Syndrome charities up to almost £40,000.
As well as the support of friends and family, Stuart's fundraising success is down in part to his employer, NGK Spark Plugs, who match-funded some of the money he raised.
Stuart says he does not have plans to complete another long cycle ride and spent time enjoying a family Christmas in New Zealand after completing the challenge.
If you'd like to donate and help Stuart reach £22,500, go to uk.virginmoneygiving.com/StuartBayne
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
A crash stopped eastbound traffic on I-20 for two hours Wednesday after a dump truck hit a bridge at the U.S. 1 exit. County of Lexington/Twitter
The Broken Bean hosted its official grand opening Friday. The newly opened coffee shop offers an array of drinks and specialty coffees for any palate. Pastor Andy Jenkins, and his wife, Christy, cut the ribbon together on the coffee shop that will provide some income for Louisiana Teen Challenge, a home in Evergreen for women with children and pregnant women who suffer from addiction. Officials with Teen Challenge, elected officials, the business community and the general public, welcomed the Broken Bean to Minden. The coffee shop is located at 107 McDonald St.
Related
Comments
comments
LONDON/HONG KONG Factories across Europe and much of Asia posted another month of solid growth in March, rounding off a strong quarter for manufacturers, even though exporters fear a rise in U.S. protectionism could snuff out a global trade recovery.
China led the way, with an official manufacturing index expanding at the fastest pace in nearly five years. Surveys on Monday also showed encouraging growth in Europe, Japan, India and much of emerging Asia.
In the euro zone, IHS Markit's final manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index rose to It's highly in nearly six-year high of 56.2 in March, far above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction.
However, British manufacturers lost some momentum last month, as export orders grew more slowly and rising inflation cut into consumer demand.
Sterling's tumble following June's vote to leave the European Union helped manufacturers enjoy their fastest annual growth in three years during the final quarter of 2016 but the sector's PMI suggested growth slowed in the first three months of this year.
"Greater optimism about global growth prospects appears to be providing a boost, while the fall in the value of the pound post-Brexit is helping new orders," James Smith at ING said of the British PMI.
"Whilst the near-term outlook for manufacturing looks encouraging, it's possible that Brexit uncertainty will start to weigh more heavily on sentiment over coming months."
TRUMP TRADE
The official Chinese PMI on Friday rose to 51.8 in March from 51.6, thanks to a months-long construction boom which is helping to boost resources prices around the world.
That was the strongest reading since April 2012, though a private survey focusing on smaller companies suggested a more cautious outlook, raising questions about whether the export recovery can be sustained.
Julian Evans-Pritchard, an economist at Capital Economics, said the strength in China won't last - measures to cool its overheated property market and tighter central bank policy is likely to curb investment and industrial activity in coming quarters.
But the biggest risk for China may be brewing halfway across the world. U.S. President Donald Trump is due to hold his first meeting with his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, in Florida later this week and those talks may be tense.
On Friday, Trump sought to push his crusade against U.S. trade deficits and for more manufacturing jobs back to the top of his agenda, by ordering a study into the causes of the trade deficits and a clampdown on import duty evasion.
The failure of the new U.S. administration to push through healthcare reforms last month has also added to global worries Trump will struggle to pass the tax cuts and spending plans he promised, which could boost demand in the world's largest economy.
Delays to the re-flationary plans could see U.S. orders and global investment slow in coming months as businesses grow more cautious.
China has strong domestic demand to fall back on, at least for now, but other export-reliant Asian economies are more vulnerable if Trump goes on a trade offensive.
Japanese factory activity expanded at a solid clip in March, though the pace slowed from the previous month as growth in new export orders and output slowed.
In South Korea, where exports account for half of the economy and domestic demand is similarly weak, readings have been decidedly mixed.
On a more upbeat note, India's manufacturing activity grew at the fastest pace in five months as output and new orders accelerated.
The findings suggested the world's fastest-growing major economy has largely recovered from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision in November to ban high-value currency notes, which caused huge disruptions to the largely cash-based economy.
"Asia's economic backdrop remains solid with most countries remaining above the key threshold level of expansion, though U.S. trade protectionism fears is the biggest uncertainty for now," said Aidan Yao, an economist at AXA Investment Managers.
(Editing by Larry King)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The animated family film “Coco” has topped the box office for a third time on a quiet, pre “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” weekend in theaters.
Disney estimated Sunday that “Coco” added $18.3 million, which would bring its domestic total to $135.5 million.
The weekend's sole new wide release was the Morgan Freeman film “Just Getting Started,” which launched to a meager $3.2 million from 2,161 theaters and barely made the top 10.
Most studios have chosen to avoid competing against “The Last Jedi,” which is expected to dominate theaters and moviegoer attention when it opens on Dec. 15.
Thus, most of the charts have looked quite similar for the past few weeks. Warner Bros. and DC's “Justice League” took second place with $9.6 million and Lionsgate's sleeper hit “Wonder,” which has now passed $100 million, placed third with $8.5 million. Warner Bros. also crossed the $2 billion benchmark domestically Saturday — the first studio to do so in 2017.
This quiet period before “Star Wars” has allowed some of the indie and prestige titles to thrive in limited releases and expansions, like James Franco's “The Disaster Artist.” The film, about the making of one of the worst films of all time, “The Room,” expanded to 840 locations in its second weekend in theaters. It managed to bring in $6.4 million, landing it in fourth place.
Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age film “Lady Bird” also added 363 locations and placed 9th in its sixth weekend in theaters. With the $3.5 million from this weekend, “Lady Bird” has netted $22.3 million.
The Guillermo del Toro-directed romantic fantasy “The Shape of Water” expanded to 41 theaters in its second weekend and earned $1.1 million.
The Tonya Harding biopic “I, Tonya” launched in four locations in New York and Los Angeles and brought in a solid $245,602.
The Winston Churchill film “The Darkest Hour” and the summer romance film “Call Me By Your Name” also continue to thrive in more limited releases as well. “The Darkest Hour,” which stars Gary Oldman as Churchill, earned $777,000 from 53 locations, and “Call Me By Your Name,” with Armie Hammer and Timothee Chalamet, took in $291,101 from nine theaters.
“This is the best time to be a moviegoer if you're an indie fan,” said comScore senior media analyst Paul Dergarabedian. “The last few weeks have enabled films like ‘The Shape of Water,' ‘Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri' and now ‘I, Tonya' to really find an audience.”
He added: “It's great time for those films ahead of the box office death star that is ‘Star Wars.'”
The year is still down 4 percent from last year, though, which is a pit that even a juggernaut like “Star Wars” might struggle to fill. The cash influx from “The Last Jedi” will be significant, nonetheless, and if the precedent of “Rogue One” and “The Force Awakens” holds, it could range from $400 million to over $600 million of additional domestic revenue before the books close on 2017.
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters, according to comScore. Where available, the latest international numbers for Friday through Sunday are also included. Final domestic figures will be released Monday.
1.”Coco,” $18.3 million ($55.3 million international).
2.”Justice League,” $9.6 million ($15.4 million international).
3.”Wonder,” $8.5 million ($11.4 million international).
4.”The Disaster Artist,” $6.4 million ($1 million).
5.”Thor: Ragnarok,” $6.3 million ($3.1 million international).
6.”Daddy's Home 2,” $6 million ($11.6 million international).
7.”Murder on the Orient Express,” $5.1 million ($20.1 million international).
8.”The Star,” $3.7 million.
9.”Lady Bird,” $3.5 million.
10.”Just Getting Started,” $3.2 million.
___
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at international theaters (excluding the U.S. and Canada), according to comScore:
1. “Coco,” $55.3 million.
2. “Paddington 2,” $21.5 million.
3. “Murder on the Orient Express,” $20.1 million.
4. “Justice League,” $15.4 million.
5. “Daddy's Home 2,” $11.6 million.
6. “Wonder,” $11.4 million.
7. “A Bad Moms Christmas,” $6 million.
8. “The Big Call,” $5.1 million.
9. “Loving Vincent,” $4.5 million.
10. “47 Meters Down,” $3.8 million.
___
Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.; Sony, Columbia, Sony Screen Gems and Sony Pictures Classics are units of Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by 21st Century Fox; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is owned by a group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; IFC is owned by AMC Networks Inc.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/ldbahr
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
One man is behind bars after he says he strangled his wife in his sleep. It all happened just before 1:30 a.m. Friday. GFPD was sent to a home after John Howendobler called dispatch, saying he choked his wife. When officers arrived they spoke with both Howendobler and his wife, who has not been identified. She said she was sitting on the bed as her husband slept. Howendobler suddenly woke up as if he had a bad dream and started choking her, saying he was going to cho...
One man is behind bars after he says he strangled his wife in his sleep. It all happened just before 1:30 a.m. Friday. GFPD was sent to a home after John Howendobler called dispatch, saying he choked his wife. When officers arrived they spoke with both Howendobler and his wife, who has not been identified. She said she was sitting on the bed as her husband slept. Howendobler suddenly woke up as if he had a bad dream and started choking her, saying he was going to cho...
July 4 (UPI) -- Tampa Bay Rays outfielder Carlos Gomez took out his frustration on a dugout water cooler during a 3-0 loss to the Miami Marlins Wednesday at Marlins Park.
The sequence occurred in the second inning of the setback in Miami. The Rays and Marlins were tied at 0-0 entering the second frame. C.J. Cron began the inning by smacking a double off of Marlins starter Jose Urena. Joey Wendle followed that exchange by taking a walk on five pitches. Then Gomez stepped up to the plate to face the Marlins righty.
Gomez went down in the count 0-1 after fouling off a bunt on a 96.4 mph fastball. He then squared up to bunt again on Urena's second offering. That time, Urena fired in a 95.3 mph fastball, which came close to hitting Gomez in the hand.
The two-time All-Star swung and missed at an 82.9 mph slider on the final pitch of the at-bat for a strikeout. Gomez walked to the dugout and decided to start smacking a full water cooler with his bat, spraying water all over the place. He then walked over and punched a different water cooler, spraying water onto the field.
Gomez went 0-for-3 with a strikeout in the loss. He left four runners on base.
J.T. Riddle led the Marlins at the plate Wednesday, going 3-for-4 with two RBIs and two runs scored. He hit an RBI triple in the bottom of the sixth inning and a solo home run in the bottom of the eighth frame.
Premier Hon. Alden McLaughlin says boosting the Overseas Territories' role on the global stage remains the most important achievement of his attendance at the Commonwealth Heads of Government event.
Mr. McLaughlin was in the UK last week, where he participated on behalf of Cayman and as the President of the UK's Overseas Territory Association.
The premier participated in both social and diplomatic events and says his attendance can only benefit the OTs.
“As the world becomes increasingly global and as Britain looks further afield and looks to renew its ties within the Commonwealth, I believe there is an important place for the Overseas Territories and a great opportunity for us to be part of the new global Britain and to be able to exploit the opportunities that this presents,” Mr. McLaughlin said in a prerecorded video clip sent by his assistant.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
MADRID, April 3 Spain's Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis said on Monday that he was a little surprised by the tone coming out of Britain over Gibraltar and called for calm.
"The Spanish government is a little surprised by the tone of comments coming out of Britain, a country known for its composure," Dastis said during a conference in Madrid.
A former leader of UK Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party, Michael Howard, said she would even be prepared to go to war to defend the territory, as Britain did with Argentina over the Falkland Islands 35 years ago.
The European Union proposed on Friday offering Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar's future trade relations with the bloc. (Reporting by Sonya Dowsett; Writing by Paul Day; Editing by Isla Binnie)
More rumoured pictures of the unreleased iPhone 5S appear to show that Apple will stick to tradition and not change the design of its next handset.
The images show both the internals and backplate of the handset, with the latter illustrating how the phone will have the same looks as the current-gen phone, minus a pill-shaped window for the flash. This could be because the phone will use a dual LED flash, rather than the single unit found on the iPhone 5S.
Internally, the logic board on the handset appears to match up perfectly with previous leaks of the iPhone 5S internals - meaning that this is very likely the real deal, or an early development unit.
Interestingly the processor is unmarked, with the usual A-series logo not printed on to it. Unfortunately, that means we can't get an idea of whether Apple will be launching a new chip in the iPhone 5S, although it's very likely.
The battery is of a bigger capacity than the iPhone 5, but jumps only from 5.45 Whr to 5.95 Whr. Whether this makes a huge real world difference, particularly if the processor is more powerful.
Current rumours are pointing to the iPhone 5S being released this September, alongside a cheaper set of different coloured iPhones. Apple is traditionally the master of suspense when it comes to these things, so we will have to wait and see.
Tokyo 2020 are set to have a low cost ticket for children, elderly and people with disabilities for several events at the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
The lower cost tickets are expected to be priced at ¥2,020 (£13.80/$18.20/€15.70).
The price was chosen to mark the year of the Games.
"We hope that a diverse audience enjoy the Olympics and fans generate a frenzied atmosphere in the stadium," Sadahiko Kano, head of Tokyo 2020's ticketing strategy panel told Mainichi Japan.
Further discussion over the number of the lower cost tickets which will be made available are expected to take place.
The lower price tickets are anticipated to be available for both the Opening and Closing Ceremonies, along with some preliminary rounds of competitions.
Ticket prices are set to be a topic of discussion when the International Olympic Committee's Coordination Commission visit the Japanese next week.
Tokyo 2020 ticket prices are set to be on the agenda when the IOC Coordination Commission visit next week ©Getty Images
The visit is due to take place from July 10 to 12.
Tokyo 2020 are set to present their ticket proposals to the IOC Coordination Commission.
Prices are expected to be officially revealed on July 20.
Tickets are scheduled to be place on sale next spring as the countdown continues to the Games.
In May, it was reported organisers had set an upper price limit of ¥288,000 (£1,900/$2,600/€2,200) for the Opening Ceremony.
For the Paralympics Opening Ceremony, the upper price limit was said to have been set at ¥144,100 (£970/$1,300/€1,100).
Sporting event tickets could start at ¥2,000 (£13/$18/€15) for the Olympics and ¥1,000 (£7/$9/€8) for the Paralympics.
By The Associated Press
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Jacksonville Jaguars running back Leonard Fournette and receiver Marqise Lee won't play in Thursday's preseason game against Tampa Bay.
Coach Doug Marrone ruled out both players Monday, reiterating that the team is going to be cautious with them.
Fournette has a “nagging” foot injury that Marrone said has “been kind of growing.” The fourth overall pick in the NFL draft attended practice Monday, but wasn't wearing pads and didn't do any work.
Lee badly sprained his right ankle during practice Sunday. He was wearing a walking boot and using a crutch Monday.
“We're just being smart on it,” Marrone said. “Obviously we'll probably hold those guys out for at least 'til after the game.”
The Jaguars also made several roster moves Monday, signing rookie cornerback Dwayne Thomas, first-year tight end David Grinnage and veteran linebacker Andrew Gachkar. They also claimed fourth-year cornerback Charles James II off waivers from Buffalo.
The team waived rookie cornerback Ezra Robinson, waived/injured cornerback Josh Johnson, waived/injured rookie linebacker Justin Horton and waived rookie receiver Kenneth Walker.
Thomas spent three months with New England before being waived last week. Grinnage originally signed as a undrafted rookie free agent with Green Bay in 2016 and was released via an injury settlement last year.
Gachkar has played in 95 games, recording 144 tackles, two sacks and a forced fumble. Gachkar spent the last two seasons in Dallas after playing four years in San Diego. James is a Jacksonville native and has spent time with the Bills (2017), Indianapolis (2016), Houston (2014, 2015-16), Baltimore (2015) and the New York Giants (2013).
Johnson and Horton will revert to Jacksonville's injured reserve list if they clear waivers.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
WHEN RUBY WALSH was sitting in the back of the ambulance after his heavy fall from Let's Dance at Punchestown on 18 November, he knew he'd broken his leg.
His first thought was whether or not he'd be fit in time for the Cheltenham festival in March and he quickly worked out he should be okay.
Since then, preparing for Prestbury Park has been an almost singular focus for Walsh, but a very close second was the slim hope he might recover in time for the inaugural Dublin Racing Festival this weekend.
“It's a funny one,” the Paddy Power ambassador said at a press conference today ahead of the event.
You can mask a lot of things. You can ride with a fracture in your arm or a crack in your wrist. You can ride with an arm and a half, but you need two legs.
“A broken leg is 12 weeks minimum, whatever way you look at it, and you can't mask riding with a broken leg.
“I dreamed about [racing this weekend], of course I did. Every now and then the reality would kick in but I did think ‘wouldn't it be great if I got back in 11 weeks for that.'
“When you're absent and you're not getting something you want it more. You're hungrier, you're fresher and you can't wait for it.
“When you're pushing yourself through rehab and you're counting down the last 15 seconds, in order to keep that drive you start thinking about what you'll be riding in Cheltenham.
There was very little leeway, and that probably made me try a little bit harder, but I think when you've missed any sort of time, your appetite is so strong, it doesn't matter where the racing actually is, you just want to get back.
“If I thought I could have pulled the wool over my surgeon's eyes last Monday and convinced him to pass me for this weekend, I probably would have. ”
While Walsh is unsure exactly when he'll be back, he is very confident he'll be race fit in time for Cheltenham.
“[My recovery] is going well, it's 11 weeks tomorrow.
“I'm out in Santry a couple of days a week and I'll have more x-rays again next week but they're just the normal 12 week x-rays for a broken leg. I've reached every target so far, so I don't see why I won't reach the rest of them.
“Once the surgeon is happy with the x-rays, I can start riding out again and then it'll be a matter of when I get a start. It'll either be the weekend of 25 February or 2 March, either/or I'd say but, if it has to be the weekend of 10 March, then so be it.”
Walsh is hoping Faugheen returns to winning ways on Saturday. Source: Donall Farmer/INPHO
One horse Walsh is hoping to get back on board at Cheltenham is Faugheen. The Willie Mullins trained 10-year-old earned the nickname ‘The Machine' after winning 13 of his first 14 runs over fences.
However, he put in a lacklustre performance in the Ryanair Hurdle at Leopardstown over Christmas before being pulled up and Walsh says the biggest problem is that nobody is sure exactly what the issue was that day.
“I think if he does what he is doing at home, then he'll do what Faugheen has always done bar once,” says Walsh. ”He's working really well and he's in really good order.
“Of course there's the worry, as Willie has explained in far more detail and better than I'd ever explain it, there is a worry that the same thing will happen again.
When you can't explain what happened, when you can't find a reason for what happened, then you can't correct what's happened. That's if there is something to correct, maybe there's nothing to correct but we won't know that until he runs tomorrow.
“I suppose it's the uncertainty. You'd love there to be no uncertainty, you'd love to be going there gung-ho, 2/11 and saying ‘bring on March'. But now you're going hoping he does what he's doing at home, and not what he did at Leopardstown at Christmas.
“Everyone has a theory about what happened but there was no veterinary advice, the farrier didn't say anything, there was nothing you could put a finger on. But I know if I was going tomorrow, I'd have blanked out Christmas, like it never happened.
“Maybe that's the optimist that a jockey always is, that you just blank out the bad things and go with the good ones.
“It would be such an easy game if the horses could talk and tell us how they're feeling.”
Paddy Power ambassador Ruby Walsh was speaking ahead of the Dublin Racing Festival in Leopardstown on Saturday 3 and Sunday 4 February.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
By Johnathan Drew
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Protesters in North Carolina toppled a nearly century-old statue of a Confederate soldier on Monday at a rally against racism.
Activists in Durham brought a ladder up to the statue and used a rope to pull down the Confederate Soldiers Monument that was dedicated in 1924. A diverse crowd of dozens cheered as the statue of a soldier holding a rifle fell to the ground in front of an old courthouse building that now houses local government offices.
Seconds after the monument fell, protesters began kicking the crumpled bronze monument.
“I was a little bit shocked people could come here and come together like that,” said Isaiah Wallace, who is black.
Wallace said he watched as others toppled the statue. He hopes other Confederate symbols elsewhere will follow.
“I feel like this is going to send shockwaves through the country and hopefully they can bring down other racist symbols,” he said.
The Durham protest was in response to a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. Authorities say one woman was killed Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove his car into a group of peaceful counter-protesters.
While the violence in Virginia has prompted fresh talk by government officials about bringing down symbols of the Confederacy around the South, North Carolina has a law protecting them. The 2015 law prevents removing such monuments on public property without permission from state officials.
After the Durham statue fell, several dozen protesters congregated on the street in front of the old courthouse. Some took pictures standing or sitting on the toppled soldier, in front of a pedestal inscribed with the words “In Memory of the Boys Who Wore The Gray.” Police cruisers blocked off the street, and officers looked on — some filming. As it got dark, rally participants began to peacefully disperse.
Protesters are taking pictures around the fallen statue. #Durham pic.twitter.com/11GLhueqU1 — Derrick Lewis (@DerrickQLewis) August 15, 2017
Robin Williamson, who works downtown, arrived in the area about an hour after the statue came down. Williamson, who is black, said he can sympathize with people who are upset with the state of racial discourse in the country.
“People feel that with Donald Trump as leader, racists can be vocal,” he said.
He said that while Confederate monuments have been defaced in other cities, it was surprising to see an entire statue brought down by protesters.
“This is a little bit more intense because they took the whole statue down,” he said.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DEVON, Pa. (AP) - A horse has broken free at a Pennsylvania horse show, sending people running for cover as it galloped toward the stables.
WPVI-TV reports the horse got loose and jumped over a fence at the Devon Horse Show Tuesday night. Cellphone video shows the horse making a run for it as onlookers scream in the stands.
The horse was caught in the stable area. It suffered minor scrapes.
Officials say the rider was able to dismount from the carriage before the horse ran away. The rider was uninjured.
The horse show is expected to continue through the week as planned.
In the 2009 film "Star Trek," a supernova hurtles through space and obliterates a planet unfortunate enough to be in its path. Fiction, of course, but it turns out the notion is not so farfetched.
Using the nearby Las Cumbres Observatory (LCO), astrophysicists from UC Santa Barbara have observed something similar: an exploding star slamming into a nearby companion star. What's more, they detected the fleeting blue glow from the interaction at an unprecedented level of detail. Their observations revealed surprising information about the mysterious companion star, a feat made possible by recent advances in linking telescopes into a robotic network. The team's findings appear in the journal Astrophysical Journal Letters.
The identity of this particular companion has been hotly debated for more than 50 years. Prevailing theory over the last few years has held that the supernovae happen when two white dwarfs spiral together and merge. This new study demonstrates that the supernova collided with the companion star that was not a white dwarf. White dwarf stars are the dead cores of what used to be normal stars like the sun.
"We've been looking for this effect -- a supernova crashing into its companion star -- since it was predicted in 2010," said lead author Griffin Hosseinzadeh, a UCSB graduate student. "Hints have been seen before, but this time the evidence is overwhelming."
The supernova in question is SN 2017cbv, a thermonuclear Type Ia, which astronomers use to measure the acceleration of the expansion of the universe. This kind of supernova is known to be the explosion of a white dwarf star, though it requires additional mass from a companion star to explode.
The UCSB-led research implies that the white dwarf was stealing matter from a much larger companion star -- approximately 20 times the radius of the sun -- which caused the white dwarf to explode. The collision of the supernova and the companion star shocked the supernova material, heating it to a blue glow heavy in ultraviolet light. Such a shock could not have been produced if the companion were another white dwarf star.
"The universe is crazier than science fiction authors have dared to imagine," said Andy Howell, a staff scientist at LCO and Hosseinzadeh's Ph.D. adviser. "Supernovae can wreck nearby stars, too, releasing unbelievable amounts of energy in the process."
Co-author David Sand, an associate professor at the University of Arizona, discovered the supernova on March 10, 2017, in the galaxy NGC 5643. Only 55 million lightyears away, SN 2017cbv was one of the closest supernovae discovered in recent years, found by the DLT40 survey using the Panchromatic Robotic Optical Monitoring and Polarimetry Telescope (PROMPT) in Chile, which monitors galaxies nightly at distances less than 40 megaparsecs (120 million light-years). This was one of the earliest catches ever -- within a day, perhaps even hours, of its explosion. The DLT40 survey was created by Sand and study co-author Stefano Valenti, an assistant professor at UC Davis; both were previously postdoctoral researchers at LCO.
Within minutes of discovery, Sand activated observations with LCO's global network of 18 robotic telescopes, spaced around the Earth so that one is always on the night side. This allowed the team to take immediate and near-continuous observations.
"With LCO's ability to monitor the supernova every few hours, we were able to see the full extent of the rise and fall of the blue glow for the first time," Hosseinzadeh said. "Conventional telescopes would have had only a data point or two and missed it."
Howell likened the event to gaining astronomical superpowers that give astronomers the ability to see the universe in new ways. "These capabilities were just a dream a few years ago," he said. "But now we're living the dream and unlocking the origins of supernovae in the process."
###
PRESS RELEASE Congress's ‘Russia Review Act' Aimed Both at Russia and Trump, Russian Ambassador Kislyak Warns Feb. 10, 2017 (EIRNS)—Referring to the Russia Review Act introduced into the Senate on Feb. 8, Russian Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak charged that this piece of legislation is intended to make it more difficult for Trump to lift sanctions against Russia. "It is essentially targeted against Russia in the first place, and, at the same time, against the U.S. President [Trump], who is being denied the right to make decisions within the framework of his presidential power," Sputnik reported Kislyak as saying. Sponsored by Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Ben Cardin (D-Md.), the bill gives members of Congress oversight over whether to lift or maintain sanctions, preventing President Trump from acting unilaterally. The bill requires the White House to submit a report explaining why it wants sanctions lifted, establishes a 120-day review period, and gives Congress final say on whether to maintain or ease sanctions. Kislyak pointed out that U.S. Congressmen continue to focus on punitive measures against Moscow, instead of seeking ways to move forward in a positive direction. He argued that it would be a mistake to limit discussion about the quality of U.S.-Russian relations to the issue of sanctions.
[India], Apr. 24 (ANI): Following the removal of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act from parts of the North-East, Convener of the North-East Democratic Alliance Himanta Biswa Sarma said on Tuesday that there was a public demand for it.
"It is a welcome step. There was a demand in general from the people of North-East to withdraw AFSPA in a phased manner from various parts of North-East," Sarma, who is also the Assam finance minister, told ANI.
On Monday, the AFSPA was withdrawn from Meghalaya and area limits of eight out of 16 police stations in Arunachal Pradesh.
"With the cooperation of the people, the government of India will withdraw AFSPA from other parts of North Eastern region also, but that should be done after proper assessment of law and order situation," Sarma said. The AFSPA, which grants special powers to the Indian Armed Forces in 'disturbed areas', has been in force in Nagaland, Manipur, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh (only in 16 police stations) and Jammu and Kashmir for several decades, and since the early 1990s in Assam. Tripura government revoked the Act in the state in 2015. According to The Disturbed Areas (Special Courts) Act, 1976 once declared 'disturbed', the area has to maintain status quo for a minimum of three months. (ANI)
PESHAWAR: After the withdrawal of the controversial amendments in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) Right to Information (RTI) Commission Act, 2013, a new amendment bill has been drafted but this time to benefit the commissioners by extending their retirement age beyond the specified age of 65 years.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf's (PTI) Yaseen Khan Khalil moved the bill in the KP Assembly, which seeks to amend the KP RTI Act 2013's Section-24, which specifies the age limit for the retirement of the commissioners as 65.
A commissioner or the chief RTI commissioner is appointed for a term of three years but he/she has to retire at the age of 65 regardless of his/her three-year term. The incumbent Commissioner Azmat Hanif Orakzai and Commissioner-II Iftekhar Hussain Khan are retiring before their three-year term as they are crossing the 65-year age limit, said sources in the KP government.
To complete their three years term, the commissioners have prepared the draft of the bill and submitted it through Yaseen Khan Khalil in the assembly. Khalil himself told the media that a commissioner approached him and requested to make efforts for the extension of the retirement age-limit as he wanted to continue his job.
Orakzai is retiring in August 2018 while Yaseen will retire in June after reaching the age of 65 years respectively, said sources.
The KP Assembly has sent the draft of the bill to the KP information department for its consent, but the provincial government officials dealing with the matter said that the department has rejected the bill and the KP law department is also against the proposed amendment since it is violating Article 179 of the Constitution, which defines the age of retirement for the judges of the Supreme Court as 65.
Azmat Hanif Orakzai said that he was not aware of the bill and his commission has not sent it.
When daredevil Travis Pastrana was deciding which Evel Knievel stunt to recreate this summer, he kept returning to three legendary motorcycle jumps.
Pastrana — who practiced in the Inland Empire — said they were all so cool he couldn't bring himself to eliminate any. So he decided to do all three — the same night.
That night will be Sunday, July 8, when the 34-year-old Maryland man who has won numerous X Games medals and performed death-defying stunts of his own, is set to attempt two jumps in the parking lot of Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas.
Pastrana plans to jump 52 crushed cars, traveling 145 feet through the air or the equivalent of 18 car widths, according to Dave Mateus, global head of events for sponsor Nitro Circus. The idea is to recreate — and surpass — Knievel's Feb. 18, 1973, jump of 50 crushed cars or 17 car widths at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Then Pastrana will try to clear 16 Greyhound buses spanning 155 feet. That stunt is inspired by Knievel's leap of 14 Greyhound buses on Oct. 25, 1975, in Ohio.
For the grand finale, Pastrana aims to replicate — without the same result — the Dec. 31, 1967, jump of the Caesars Palace fountains that fell short and severely injured Knievel.
“This is an awesome opportunity for us pay tribute to the pioneer, the legend, the stuntman who started the ability for the rest of us to go into action sports,” Pastrana said last month during a practice at a site that organizers asked not be revealed.
It is fitting, Pastrana said, that the climactic stunt take place at the famous hotel and casino.
“The most iconic stunt location in the world of all time has to be Caesars Palace,” he said.
Pulling it off will be tricky. Mateus said Pastrana will have half as much track as Knievel did to rev up to full speed — 208 feet, instead of 400 feet — before launching.
“The landing is super tight,” he added. “And you've got people everywhere.”
HOW TO WATCH
What: “Evel Live” — Travis Pastrana's bid to replicate three Evel Knievel jumps
When: 5 p.m. Sunday, July 8
Channel: History plans to air the three-hour event live
A woman was critically injured when she was hit by a car Sunday night in Hempstead, Nassau County police said.
The accident occurred on Baldwin Road at 10:42 p.m. Police said the driver, identified only as a 64-year-old man, “stopped and rendered aide [sic] to the victim,” who was identified only as a 63-year-old woman. Police said she suffered serious head injuries — and was transported to a hospital in critical condition.
Police said the victim was crossing Baldwin Road, east to west, when she was struck by the 1999 Toyota Camry, which was headed northbound in the left-hand lane.
The vehicle was impounded and police said the driver was ticketed for having an expired registration and inspection.
The investigation is continuing.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Photo: Courtesy Republic
Tennessee student, Keaton Jones, went viral when his mother shared him speaking out on the bullies at his school. Celebrities are coming together to bring awareness to bullying and Hailee Steinfeld, is inviting him to be her date to the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere tomorrow!
1:34
ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis highlights what TCU fans should expect and does his impression of Gary Patterson
2:00
ESPN's David Pollack impressed with Fort Worth, TCU and that Mexican restaurant he keeps hearing about
0:20
MOSCOW (AP) — Russia is hoping to recruit former world champion track cyclist Shane Perkins of Australia in a push for medals at the 2020 Olympics.
Perkins says in a Facebook statement that he “will now be riding for Russia,” alongside a picture of himself in Russian team gear. He adds that the “Russian Cycling Federation has given me another opportunity to chase my dreams of Olympic representation in Tokyo 2020.”
However, Russia says the switch isn't yet complete.
RCF general secretary Yuri Kucheryavy tells Russia's R-Sport news agency that Perkins was training with Russia's sprinters recently and “we're interested in him for the team sprint, where we need a third person,” as well as the keirin, but “we still need to sort everything out officially.”
Perkins has won two gold medals at the track world championships and Olympic individual sprint bronze in 2012.
EAST LANSING (WWJ) – An investigation is underway after police say “general threats” were issued against Michigan State University Athletics.
East Lansing and Michigan State University police departments received letters making general threats against MSU athletic events, according to a news release out Friday afternoon. The letters, received ahead of Saturday night's big game versus Michigan, do not provide specific information in regards to the targeted event or manner of the threat.
Both police departments are working in conjunction with additional law enforcement agencies to investigate the origin and validity of the statements.
“Citizens and members of the campus community are urged to remain vigilant of their surroundings and report any suspicious activity to law enforcement immediately,” police said.
An email about the threats was sent to the MSU community.
Release from MSU and AD Mark Hollis on threats to Spartan athletics. pic.twitter.com/w1LcpG368U — Chris Solari (@chrissolari) October 6, 2017
It's unclear how credible the threats m be as the case remains an open and active investigation.
“The safety and well-being of everyone who attends Michigan State athletic events, including fans, student-athletics, coaches and workers, always has been and always will be our first priority,” said MSU Athletic Director Mark Hollis, in a statement. “While these threats are general in nature, it's important to be cautious in every situation.”
“I have great confidence in the MSU Police Department,” he added, “and we will continue to work closely with them and other law enforcement in their investigations.”
No injuries have been reported.
Stay with WWJ and CBSDetroit.com for more on this developing story.
Vivo finally took the wraps off its selfie-centric Z10 smartphone. The device is launched at a price of Rs 14,990 for the Indian market. The company is also making it available for purchase via offline stores in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, and Telangana.
SEE ALSO: Best Android Oreo Smartphones Under Rs 15,000 to buy India
While the Vivo Z10 offers respectable features, its USP is the 24MP front facing camera. The sensor also allows for Portrait mode pictures with background blur.
The front camera sensor works with preloaded Face Access feature which will help in unlocking the smartphone by identifying different biological facial features.
SEE ALSO: Buying Guide: the Best smartphones to buy in July 2018
The selfie-centric smartphone space, as we know it, has been dominated by Vivo and Oppo. But slowly the trend is taking off and other OEMs have started dipping their hands in the selfie-smartphone waters. Let's see how the device stacks up against other selfie-focused smartphones in the same price category.
Huawei P20 Lite Best Price of Huawei P20 Lite
Key Specs
5.84-inch (1080 x 2280 pixels) Full HD+ 19: 9 2.5D curved glass display with toughened glass protection
Octa-Core Kirin 659 processor (4 xA53 at 2.36GHz + 4 x A53 at 1.7GHz) with MaliT830-MP2 GPU
4GB RAM
64GB storage
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Android 8.0 (Oreo) with EMUI 8.0
Single / Dual SIM
16MP rear camera with LED flash, secondary 2MP camera
16MP front-facing camera
Fingerprint sensor
4G VoLTE
3000mAh (typical) / 2900mAh (Minimum) battery with fast charging Oppo F7 Best Price of Oppo F7
Key Specs
6.23-inch (2280 x 1080 pixels) Full HD+ 19:9 IPS display
Octa Core MediaTek Helio P60 12nm processor with 800MHz ARM Mali-G72 MP3 GPU
4GB RAM with 64GB internal memory
6GB RAM with 128GB storage
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Dual SIM (nano + nano + microSD)
ColorOS 5.0 based on Android 8.1 (Oreo)
16MP rear camera with LED flash
25MP front-facing camera
Dual 4G VoLTE
3400mAh (typical) / 3300mAh (minimum) battery Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM Best Price of Moto X4
Key Specs
5.2-inch (1920 x 1080 pixels) Full HD LTPS IPS display with Corning Gorilla Glass protection
2.2 GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 630 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 508 GPU
6GB / 4GB RAM with 64GB
3GB RAM with 32GB storge
expandable memory up to 2TB with microSD
Android 8.0 (Oreo)
Hybrid Dual SIM (nano + nano/microSD)
12MP primary camera wand 8MP ultra-wide angle secondary camera
16MP Front-facing camera
4G VoLTE
3000mAh battery with Turbo Charging Samsung Galaxy A6 Plus Best Price of Samsung Galaxy A6 Plus
Key Specs
6-inch (1080 x 2220 pixels) FHD+ Super AMOLED 18.5: 9 Infinity 2.5D curved glass display
1.8GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 450 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 506 GPU
3GB RAM with 32GB storage / 4GB RAM with 64GB internal storage
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Dual SIM
Android 8.0 (Oreo)
16MP rear camera and 5MP secondary rear camera
24MP front-facing camera
4G VoLTE
3500mAh battery Huawei P20 Pro Best Price of Huawei P20 Pro
Key Specs
6.1-inch ( 2240 x 1080 pixels) Full HD+ OLED 2.5D curved glass display
Octa-Core Huawei Kirin 970 (4 x 2.4 GHz A73+ 4 x 1.8 GHz A53) 10nm processor + i7 co-processor,Mali-G72 MP12 GPU, NPU
6GB RAM, 128GB internal storage
Android 8.1 (Oreo) with EMUI 8.1
Dual SIM
40 MP (RGB, f/1.8 aperture) + 20 MP (Monochrome, f/1.6 aperture) + 8 MP camera
24MP front-facing camera
Dual 4G VoLTE
4000mAh battery with fast charging Vivo V9 Best Price of Vivo V9
Key Specs
6.3-inch (2280 x 1080 pixels) Full HD+ 19:9 IPS display Octa Core Snapdragon 660 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 512 GPU
6GB RAM, 64GB internal memory
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Dual SIM (nano + nano + microSD)
Funtouch OS 4.0 based on Android 8.1 (Oreo)
13MP rear camera and secondary 2MP camera
12MP front-facing camera
4G VoLTE
3260mAh battery Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Best Price of Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra
Key Specs
6-inch (1920 x 1080 pixels) display with Image Enhance Technology, Corning Gorilla Glass protection
2.2 GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 630 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 508 GPU
4GB RAM
32GB/64GB internal memory
expandable memory up to 256GB via microSD card
Android 8.0 (Oreo)
Single / Dual SIM
23MP camera rear camera
16MP front-facing camera and secondary 8MP camera
4G VoLTE
3580mAh battery Samsung Galaxy J8 2018 Best Price of Samsung Galaxy J8 2018
Key Specs 6-inch (1480 x 720 pixels) HD+ Super AMOLED 18.5: 9 Infinity 2.5D curved glass display
1.8GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 450 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 506 GPU
4GB RAM
64GB internal storage
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Android 8.0 (Oreo)
Dual SIM
16MP rear camera and secondary 5MP camera
16MP front-facing camera
4G VoLTE
3500mAh battery Motorola Moto G6 Best Price of Moto G6
Key Specs
5.7-inch (2160 x 1080 pixels) Full HD+ 18:9 IPS display
1.8GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 450 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 506 GPU
3GB RAM with 32GB internal storage
4GB RAM with 64GB internal storage
expandable memory up to 128GB with microSD
Android 8.0 (Oreo)
Dual SIM
12MP rear camera with LED Flash, 5MP secondary rear camera
8MP front-facing camera with LED flash
4G VoLTE
3000mAh battery with Turbo charging Samsung Galaxy A6 64GB Best Price of Samsung Galaxy A6
Key Specs
5.6-inch (1480 x 720 pixels) HD+ Super AMOLED 18.5: 9 Infinity 2.5D curved glass display
1.6GHz Octa-Core Exynos 7870 14nm processor with Mali T830 GPU
4GB RAM with 32GB / 64GB internal storage
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Android 8.0 (Oreo)
Dual SIM
16MP rear camera with LED flash
16MP front-facing camera
4G VoLTE
3000mAh battery OnePlus 6 Best Price of OnePlus 6
Key Specs
6.28-inch (2280 × 1080 pixels) Full HD+ 19:9 aspect ratio AMOLED display with DCI-P3 color gamut, Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection
2.8GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 10nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 630 GPU
6GB LPDDR4X RAM with 64GB (UFS 2.1) storage
8GB LPDDR4X RAM with 128GB (UFS 2.1) / 256GB (UFS 2.1) storage
Android 8.1 (Oreo) with OxygenOS 5.1
Dual SIM (nano + nano)
16MP rear camera with dual LED Flash and secondary 20MP camera
16MP front-facing camera
4G VoLTE
3300mAh battery with Dash Charge (5V - 4A) Oppo F5 Best Price of Oppo F5
Key Specs
6-inch (2160 × 1080 pixels) 18:9 FHD+ full-screen 2.5D curved glass display with Corning Gorilla Glass 5 protection
2.5GHz Octa-Core MediaTek Helio P23 16nm processor with 800MHz ARM Mali G71 MP2 GPU
4GB RAM with 32GB storage
6GB RAM with 64GB internal storage
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Android 7.1 (Nougat) with ColorOS 3.2
Dual SIM
16MP rear camera with LED flash
20MP front-facing camera
4G VoLTE
3200mAh built-in battery
By The Associated Press
LONDON (AP) — The Daily Mail is branching into television, hiring ESPN football analyst Jesse Palmer to host a daily U.S. syndicated show starting next month.
The New York-based show seeks to replicate the blend of news, sensation, human interest and entertainment that has made the brand's online offering a trans-Atlantic success.
The company behind Britain's Daily Mail newspaper already has expanded internationally, with websites based in the United States, Australia and the U.K claiming 244 million unique visitors a month.
The brand's click-garnering features include a right-hand column of items about reality stars and other celebrities, popularly dubbed the “sidebar of shame.”
“Daily Mail TV” promises content ranging “from exclusive stories to breaking news, showbiz, politics, crime, health and science and technology,” the Mail said in a statement.
Martin Clarke, editor-in-chief of DailyMail.com, said the syndicated show would “tell the stories of the day that matter to our American viewers.”
The Mail said Monday that Palmer has left his job as a contributor to ABC's “Good Morning America,” but will continue to appear on ESPN.
The show is scheduled to start airing on Sept. 18. Executive producers include psychologist and talk-show host “Dr. Phil” McGraw. It will be distributed by CBS Television Distribution.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Wainfleet Volunteer Firefighters Association will act as the bargaining agent for Wainfleet volunteer firefighters if a report by CAO Michael Smith is passed by council.
The report, on Tuesday's agenda, says a collective agreement, passed through a November 2015 bylaw, has been in place since Jan. 1, 2015 and expires on December 31, 2018.
In February of this year, Christian Labour Association of Canada Local 920 applied to be certified as the bargaining agent for Wainfleet's volunteer firefighters.
Smith's report says there was confusion about the status of the existing agreement, and responded to CLAC 920's request saying the township and volunteers were bound to that agreement.
His report says the parties met and came to a new agreement, and that CLAC 920 will withdraw its certification application.
Smith's report also says, should “council reject the minutes of settlement, there could be potential additional legal fees to address the certification process.”
Police are investigating after a fatal officer-involved shooting in Anadarko Wednesday evening.
According to Anadarko Police, the incident occurred at a home in the area of North 1st and Prairie Village Avenue. Officers responded to a call concerning a domestic disturbance around 4:50 p.m. The details are still unclear about what led to the shooting, but the male suspect in the disturbance was shot and transported to a local hospital. He was pronounced dead a short time later.
At this time, police have not released the name of the officers involved or the name of the victim.
The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation has been called to the scene to lead the investigation.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more as it becomes available.
scrapyard fire closes Interstate 787 near Albany
COHOES, N.Y. (AP) — A scrapyard fire that's triggering explosions and producing thick, black smoke has forced the closure of a stretch of Interstate 787 near Albany.
Officials say Tuesday's fire at NH Kelman Scrap Recycling in Cohoes also led to the evacuation of nearby homes.
Albany International Airport sent its foam-dispensing fire trucks to help battle the blaze.
The fire started around 6 p.m. Tuesday and burned for more than two hours. No injuries have been reported.
Cohoes Mayor Shawn Morse said previous fires at the facility haven't risen to this magnitude.
The scrapyard has been in business since 1903.
It's located on 10 acres just west of the Mohawk River and features a 20,000-square foot warehouse.
ROANOKE,Va. - The stakes just went up on the number of Americans at risk for heart attacks and strokes.
According to the American Heart Association, a total of 1 million people will have a heart attack or die this year from heart disease.
WSLS 10 News spoke to Melanie Johnson, a Carilion nurse who says that many people are walking around with high blood pressure and are unaware of it
“Folks need to know their blood pressure and keep a check on that and certainly if they are on medication for it,” Johnson said. “We see people that feel good and stop taking that medicine and that is really bad because they can come in with heart damage.”
A recent study released by the American Heart Association says that 103 million adults in the United States have high blood pressure. Also, there are 6.5 million Americans aged 20 and older who are living with heart failure.
From 2005 to 2015, there was a 38 percent rise in the number of high blood pressure deaths.
The problem is most common in the elderly and the study states that the older population is increasing in life expectancy.
The local YMCA wellness director, Cal Buck, says employees there are doing all they can to get these individuals' hearts and blood pumping.
“We have recently seen an uptake in our older population signing up for personal training and they are the majority of individuals asking for additional training,”
Buck said, adding that the Y they have classes and workouts geared to individuals who may be suffering chronic disease including heart disease.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
—Photo by AFP
BRUSSELS: The EU unveiled on Monday a raft of new joint defence projects including submarine drones and cyberattack rapid response teams as it launched a landmark pact on boosting military cooperation.
Twenty-five countries — all of the EU member states except Denmark, Malta and Britain, which is leaving the bloc — have signed up for the pact, known as permanent structured cooperation on defence (PESCO).
It aims to get EU states to coordinate better on defence projects, including the development of new weapons, as Russia flexes its muscles to the east and the bloc seeks a reboot after Brexit.
EU states are also set to sign off on the 1.5 billion euro a year European Defence Fund (EDF) on Tuesday, the bloc's executive arm said.
“She is awake, the Sleeping Beauty of the Lisbon Treaty,” European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker said in a statement, referring to the fact that the defence plan was contained in the 2007 Lisbon Treaty, which underpins the modern EU.
“I welcome the steps taken today by member states to lay the foundations of a European Defence Union. Europe cannot and should not outsource our security and defence,” he added.
The first batch of 17 schemes includes a Belgian-led project to develop submarine drones to tackle mines at sea.
It also involves the creation of “cyber rapid response teams”, led by Lithuania.
The proposals further include a German-led “crisis response operation core” aimed at speeding up the deployment of troops to crisis situations, though initially this will begin with a low-key implementation study.
Decades of similar efforts to deepen European military cooperation have come to little, partly as a result of Britain's fierce opposition to anything that might lead to a European army.
But Brexit and Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014 has once again brought the need for a strong European security stance back into focus.
The shift in US policy under President Donald Trump — who berated European partners on military spending at a NATO summit in May — has also led many to question whether Washington can be relied upon to protect Europe as it has in the past.—AFP
It's official: Miles Teller has just the right need for speed.
The 31-year-old "Whiplash" star has been cast opposite Tom Cruise in the highly anticipated sequel "Top Gun: Maverick" (in theaters July 12, 2019). Paramount confirmed the news originally reported by trade magazine "Variety."
Teller beat out fellow actors such as Nicholas Hoult and Glen Powell to play the grown son of Nick "Goose" Bradshaw (Anthony Edwards), co-pilot and best friend of hotshot flyboy Pete "Maverick" Mitchell (Cruise). Goose died in the original 1986 "Top Gun."
The newest "Top Gun" star shared the news on Twitter, saying "I feel the need..."
I feel the need... https://t.co/oOcIQW0zGS — Miles Teller (@Miles_Teller) July 3, 2018
Powell took his washout in stride, joking that he was "taking down all the Tom Cruise posters in my bedroom. Maybe, I'll leave one. Two for symmetry. Okay, the posters are staying."
I'm taking down all the Tom Cruise posters in my bedroom. Maybe, I'll leave one. Two for symmetry. Okay, the posters are staying. https://t.co/7gCpNLJCcz — Glen Powell (@glenpowell) July 3, 2018
In the followup directed by Joseph Kosinski (who worked with Teller in last year's "Only the Brave"), Maverick acts as instructor to a new class of fighter pilots. The upcoming movie is also bringing back original star Val Kilmer as Tom "Iceman" Kazansky, Maverick's old rival.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, Russian President Vladimir Putin, amid preparations for the international football event, signed a federal law that will toughen administrative responsibility for football fans and introduce penalties for gross violations of rules of conduct during sporting events.
"The security on the streets and in other public places of the cities where the matches will be held is going to be provided on a proper level. Not only the law enforcement, but also private security services, volunteers and responsible citizens will make every effort for it," Markin told R-Sport.
The Russian government has also approved new advanced measures for hotels and other accommodation facilities, with the rules applying not only to football fans, but also to athletes, Markin underlined.
© Sputnik/ Alexander Vilf 'Blah-Blah-Channel': Russian Football Fans Troll BBC for Its Chiller Diller
According to the new Russian law, the fines for violating a ban on visiting official sport events grew by 50 percent to between 40,000 and 50,000 rubles ($713-892). Foreigners or persons without Russian citizenship may now face 15 days of administrative detention and subsequent deportation, or a fine of up to 50,000 rubles and the ban on attendance of official sporting events for seven years.
The law also stipulates that foreigners may be denied entry into Russia in case of having violated, or intending to violate, the rules of conduct during sports events in Russia or outside the country.
The 2018 FIFA World Cup will be held across venues in over 10 Russian cities in June and July 2018.
Friendswood Police say they arrested a former bank employee who had piles of bank loan applications and supplies to make credit cards.
Miranda Fisher Anderson, 39, of San Antonio, was stopped Sunday in the 400 block of North Friendswood Drive for driving with an invalid license plate.
Friendswood Police say during Anderson's arrest, they found completed loan applications from BBVA customers, blank checks, printers to make fake credit cards and checks, and blank bank cards.
Anderson was charged with fraudulent use or possession of identifying information.
Her bond was set at $20,000.
© 2018 KHOU
Column was incontrovertibly correct
Dear Editor,
Congratulations on a brilliant piece, you are absolutely and incontrovertibly correct. Thank you for so eloquently and concisely describing the cause and effect of some of the ills in our society today. I have clipped the piece and will share it with as many people as I know! It should in fact be shared to Facebook to counteract the memes.
Yours truly,
(Mrs.) Lee Chapman
Sugar Land
Column argues against nonexistent legislation
Dear Editor,
The gun control editorial makes some great arguments … against measures that haven't seriously been proposed as legislation.
You state that you don't believe “banning guns is the answer.” Well, neither do I. But I'm not aware of any federal legislation that's been introduced that would do that. And by the way, automatic “machine gun” type weapons have been essentially “banned” since 1934. That seems to have been pretty effective actually, since I've never even seen a fully automatic weapon nor do you hear of them being used in criminal acts.
You also point out how laughable it would be to try to collect all the guns in the U.S. Again, this hasn't been suggested by an federal lawmaker, nor has abolishing the Second Amendment, something else you argue against. I realize that retired Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens recently offered repeal of the Second Amendment as a possible solution, but he has about as much ability to get this enacted as the guy who delivered my pizza yesterday.
It's easy to argue against extreme positions that aren't being offered as legitimate legislative solutions. It's much harder to argue against measures that HAVE been offered, like universal background checks (who is actually in favor of NOT having background checks for gun sales). Who could be against banning bump stocks, the gun accessory that allowed the Las Vegas shooter to fire over 1,000 rounds and injure or kill 500 people? Bump stocks aren't even guns, they're accessories, and thus aren't protected by the Second Amendment anyway.
The pro-guns people are increasingly desperate to prevent sensible reforms, as the bodies pile up. Much easier to create straw man arguments to knock down rather than trying to argue against common sense solutions.
L. Collins
Stafford
Bob Vitrano, who as a teenager started a job hawking food during 49er games at Kezar Stadium in 1961, joins other veteran stadium food and beverage vendors fir a reunion lunch at Bertolucci's Italian restaurant in South San Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. less
Bob Vitrano, who as a teenager started a job hawking food during 49er games at Kezar Stadium in 1961, joins other veteran stadium food and beverage vendors fir a reunion lunch at Bertolucci's Italian restaurant ... more
Veteran stadium food and beverage vendors, including Jim Sweeney (center), swap stories during a reunion at Bertolucci's Italian restaurant in South San Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. Sweeney got his start as a teen selling grub at 49ers games at Candlestick Park in the 70s. less
Veteran stadium food and beverage vendors, including Jim Sweeney (center), swap stories during a reunion at Bertolucci's Italian restaurant in South San Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. Sweeney got ... more
Veteran stadium food and beverage vendors meet for reunion lunch at Bertolucci's Italian restaurant in South San Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017.
A cotton candy vendor works the stands during a rain delay as the Oakland Athletics prepare to take on the Kansas City Royals in major league baseball action at the O.Co Coliseum on Tuesday April 10, 2012, in Oakland, Ca. less
A cotton candy vendor works the stands during a rain delay as the Oakland Athletics prepare to take on the Kansas City Royals in major league baseball action at the O.Co Coliseum on Tuesday April 10, 2012, in ... more
Jim Sweeney, a long-time vendor at Candlestick Park, seen here as Director of Merchandise Sales for the Golden State Warriors in 1990.
The Kettle Corn Man, who goes by the name Crazy Legs, talks with one of his customers at AT&T Park prior to the start of the Giants baseball game with the Oakland Athletics, Wednesday, April 4, 2012. Crazy Legs is best known for his dances between innings while the music is playing. less
The Kettle Corn Man, who goes by the name Crazy Legs, talks with one of his customers at AT&T Park prior to the start of the Giants baseball game with the Oakland Athletics, Wednesday, April 4, 2012. Crazy Legs ... more
June 19, 1983: These were the best days at Candlestick Park. The team wasn't very good, but the sun was out, the stands were packed and beer cost $1.75. The Giants are playing the Atlanta Braves in this photo by Fred Larson. The announced attendance for this game was 50,230 - then the largest baseball crowd in San Francisco history. less
June 19, 1983: These were the best days at Candlestick Park. The team wasn't very good, but the sun was out, the stands were packed and beer cost $1.75. The Giants are playing the Atlanta Braves in this photo ... more
The 16 men and women who gathered at a restaurant in South San Francisco one afternoon for an informal reunion would be vaguely familiar to many Bay Area sports fans.
If, going back to the '60s, you ever hailed a vendor for a hot dog, a churro, a “We're-Number-One” foam finger or — in days of yore — a cup of beer, these are the folks who delivered the goods, with relish ... and maybe a pile of sauerkraut and a drop of honest sweat.
These are the ballpark vendors, the OGs — Original Grubmeisters.
It would have been poetically fitting had a waitress at Bertolucci's burst out of the kitchen with a rack of steaming plates, hollering, “Hey, getcher red-hot lasagna, good 'n' gooey, just like mama made, 15 bucks!”
Didn't happen, maybe because Italian food is too messy to throw.
This older generation of Bay Area vendors, age 54 and up, is a little fraternity. Each of the 12 men and four women was — some still are — an independent businessperson, a one-person show, but they were also in it as a team. The last time they got together was at a funeral, and they thought they should meet under happier circumstances, thus this luncheon.
They came with stories. They came wearing clean pants.
It was tough selling sodas at Candlestick Park. You lugged a wire rack, hanging from a neck strap, loaded with soft drinks in paper cups. The lids leaked as you tromped up and down the aisles, sticky soda soaking your pants.
“They would drip all over you,” said Frank Gigliuto, who started hawking in 1961 at age 14. “We had orange sodas and lime sodas. After a while, one pants leg was orange and one was green.”
There are not many gripes in this group, though, despite how tough the job was.
Most of them started vending as teenagers, and many still work at souvenir booths. After you pound a million miles of aisles and accrue seniority, you can move up to the less physically demanding souvenir stands. Whatever their assignment, vending is in their blood.
Eamon Murphy recalled his first day working at Candlestick Park, when he was 14. He strapped on his soda rack before the Giants game and realized instantly he was wrong for the job. He had a paper route, a non-verbal job, but this new gig required selling, and to sell you must yell.
“I was shy,” Murphy said. “I couldn't yell, couldn't do it, so nobody noticed me. One of the beer vendors saw what was going on. He was kind of disgusted, he walked by and said to me, ‘They can't buy from you if they can't hear you.'”
Mortified, Murphy climbed the ramps to the stadium's upper deck, ducked into a deserted tunnel and practiced. In the restaurant he mimicked his squeaky, adolescent voice: “Ice-cold soda!”
“After two hours,” he said, “I made my first sale. By then the soda was warm, all the ice was melted. Some kid ran over to me and bought an orange soda, 35 cents. I took that 35 cents and got the hell out of that aisle.”
How many people grow up in one day?
“I had been making 30 bucks a month throwing newspapers,” Murphy said. “That day I made $30. See you later to the paper route.”
Murphy was about to enter high school, and he dreamed of attending Sacred Heart Cathedral Prep, but his parents couldn't afford it. Working the soda trade, he could. His first day as a freshman, little Eamon probably was the only kid at Sacred Heart who paid his own tuition — $835.
These folks go way back. Paul Vitrano started at Kezar Stadium in 1961 at age 14. He later had a career in software, and he owned a Baskin-Robbins ice cream shop. But he always came back to the ballpark, and he works there still.
“It's in your blood,” Vitrano said. “It keeps you young. You get your workout, and you make money.”
And you got to compete at the ballgame.
For the Giants home opener in 1980, a ninth-grader named Cliff Lentz played hooky to break into vending. He was a 100-pound pipsqueak lugging a massive rack of sodas. He loved it. When he turned 21 he moved up to beer, selling with the big boys.
“My goal was to make $50 a game,” said Lentz, “but it wasn't the money. It was about the competition.”
When the vendors cashed in at game's end, their totals were posted on a board. Lentz always started early — bless those thirsty Giants fans — and worked the crowds hard, sprinting down the aisles. But he never managed to finish in first place. The beer stars, the grizzled vets, could quickly pour two beers at once into the cups without foaming over.
“One day I sold 53 cases,” or 1,272 beers, Lentz said. “A guy named Lennie sold 54 cases. He told me, ‘You're the best, but I outsmarted you. I sold 'em near the concession stand,” against vendor rules.
Beer was the gold mine, before selling booze in the stands was outlawed. Thirsty fans, cheap suds. At Kezar Stadium you got a cup of “Western beer” — Lucky Lager, Hamms, Burgie — for 40 cents, or a “premium” beer — like Budweiser — for 50 cents.
“You'd carry three cases at once,” Gigliuto said. “One game I sold 45 cases. It was a hot day, I'd sell out all three cases in one aisle.”
Now beer sales are cut off well before the end of every game. Back in the '60s it was the Wild West. At game's end the beer vendors loaded their racks and hustled to the men's restrooms and the exits, singing out, “Drink before you drive! One for the road!”
The fellas remembered historic days in a vending context.
Jim Sweeney was selling souvenirs at Candlestick the day of the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, before Game 3 of the Giants-A's World Series.
Though the game was not played that night, “People stayed there for hours,” Sweeney said. “We had a generator, so we had lights, and we sold far into the night. I guess some of them figured the Series would be called off and this was their last chance for a souvenir, so they were buying everything.”
After The Catch, Montana-to-Clark, Sweeney's souvenir stand was swamped with fans sensing the start of something big for the 49ers.
“It was crazy,” Sweeney said. “People were buying anything. One huge guy, probably 400 pounds, wanted a T-shirt. All I had left was a lady large. He said, ‘I'll take it.'”
Selling souvenirs at Giants games was easy pickings. On a warm summer day, fans arrived in shorts and T-shirts, felt the first bite of the Arctic Candlestick wind and rushed to stands like Sweeney's for sweatshirts. Then around game time the sun peeked through the gloom and they'd be back to buy caps or visors.
Jim Sweeney's older brother Tom, also a vendor, had a day job as doorman at the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in Union Square (he's still there). Many baseball teams stayed at the Drake. One day Tom hailed a cab for the wife of a player, and he waved off her tip.
When Sweeney's shift ended he hustled to Candlestick, hit the aisles and sold a hot dog to the same woman. She shot him a look of recognition and Tom said, “Now you can tip me.”
The vendors enjoy interacting with fans. Although Bob Jacobs, who sold team-autographed baseballs at Giants games, cringed when people asked him who autographed the balls. “I wanted to say, ‘Who do you think? Jimmy Connors and Bjorn Borg.'”
These men and women remain close, BFFs in the Mystic Order of the Paper Hat.
“I love all these guys,” said Karen Rosital, who still sells souvenirs alongside her husband. “We're such a tight-knit group, such a family.”
These were — and many still are — hard-working people. They say you had to know someone to get a vendor job, and someone had to die for you to move up the food chain to the hotter-selling items, but in the end your income was a direct reflection of your effort. Sure, there were slow days. Donald Gohlke recalled a long day when he sold five programs and took home two bucks, but: “When the big days came, I felt like I'd earned it.”
It's a straight-commission job. You earn what you earn. How many people never learn that lesson?
“The thing about the job is,” said Murphy, the timid soda kid, “you're directly compensated for your efforts. It creates something in you. You get what you work for. If you work hard, you can make it. This job was the embodiment of that.
“I paid my way through high school, then through St. Mary's College. Then in '89 I started a business selling souvenirs at games there. Been doing it 28 years.”
The 16 vendors, one hopes, paid their lunch tab with a large-denomination bill and yelled to the waitress the four words every OG loved to hear: “Keep the change, kid.”
Scott Ostler is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Email: sostler@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @scottostler
“One of the world's largest technology conglomerates has amassed significant power and billions of dollars from its deals in China, a country often firmly opposed to the values the company's leadership regularly espouses domestically,” Eric Lieberman and Ryan Pickrell write for The Daily Caller. “Apple Inc. made headlines recently for capitulating to the Chinese government while its CEO argues against President Donald Trump's agenda at home.”
“However, the company gave way to Beijing decades ago when it moved much of its manufacturing and assembly processes to China from other parts of Asia” Lieberman and Pickrell write. “Pursuing profit and power, the company made arrangements with the only country that could help it become what it is today, even if doing so potentially conflicted with certain company values.”
“Apple's CEO Tim Cook, who defends progressive liberal causes, has made significant concessions to Beijing over the past year, in some cases contributing to the suppression of human rights and internet freedom. Apple has repeatedly yielded ground to the Chinese government, giving in to its demands, even as China engages in some unethical business practices to drive the tech company out of the country and reduce its market share,” Lieberman and Pickrell write. “Cook, who sits on the board of a human rights foundation, played an important role in moving Apple's production and assembly activities to China. Since Apple jumped in bed with China, it has made billions of dollars in profits and built an enormous technology empire.”
“Apple, specifically its leadership, has tried to present the company as more than just a capitalist corporate giant. Apple's CEO has advocated for human rights and progressive agendas by arguing against the transgender ban, the travel ban, and other Trump policies,” Lieberman and Pickrell write. “But given the opportunity, the company chose a clear path to more power and revenue by making a deal with China.”
Read more in the full article here.
[Attribution: MacSurfer. Thanks to MacDailyNews readers too numerous to mention individually for the heads-up.]
After standing down for a month due to Air Force maintenance on the launch range along the US East Coast, SpaceX will attempt to return to flight on Monday. Provided the weather and spacecraft cooperate, the company will launch a Dragon carrying about 3 tons of cargo to the International Space Station. Launch time is set for 12:31pm ET, and there is a 70-percent chance of "go" conditions for the instantaneous launch window.
This will be SpaceX's 11th launch attempt of 2017, with the company already having flown more rockets into space this year than in any previous calendar year. It last flew on July 5, when a Falcon 9 rocket lifted the very heavy Intelsat 35e communications satellite, nearly 7 tons, to geostationary orbit. Because the Dragon spacecraft is only going to low Earth orbit, the Falcon 9 rocket flying Monday will have plenty of propellant left behind to attempt a return to Landing Zone 1, along the Florida Coast.
According to the company, this will also be the last time a "new" Dragon cargo spacecraft flies into space. Future cargo missions will be fulfilled with refurbished Dragons that the company recovers after water landings in the Pacific Ocean. This change should allow the company to move into production of crew variants of the Dragon spacecraft.
While SpaceX has not been busy with launches during the last month, the Hawthorne, California-based company has been making news elsewhere—some good, some bad.
Setting expectations
Founder Elon Musk has had a tendency to over-promise in terms of schedules for his spacecraft hardware, and during the last month he has had to pull back on his Mars ambitions. Musk said in mid-June the company would not fly its "Red Dragon" mission to the surface of Mars, an innovative idea to land a large, uncrewed spacecraft on Mars. He also hinted that the initial version of a large rocket designed to transport humans to Mars, tentatively named the Interplanetary Transport System, would be smaller in its initial configuration.
On the bright side, Musk revealed this month that SpaceX is targeting November for the maiden launch of its Falcon Heavy rocket. Already, the company has test-fired the three boosters that will be combined to form the heavy lift rocket. Musk has advised caution about the launch, however, due to its experimental nature. "There's a real good chance that vehicle does not make it to orbit," he said. "We want to make sure and set expectations accordingly. I hope that it makes it far enough away from the pad that it does not cause pad damage."
Monday's planned launch of a Falcon 9 rocket will take place from the same pad in Florida. And before it gets into November, SpaceX has a busy manifest to fly out, with at least six flights scheduled by November 1.
All photos for this story were provided by Trevor Mahlmann.
Listing image by Trevor Mahlmann
Mary McDonagh of 55 Aghameen Park who died on June 15 last was a lady who loved her family and lived her life for them and outside her home enjoyed playing bingo and travelling the country to see her favourite singer Daniel O'Donnell perform.
Mary hailed from Lisdoo, and was the second eldest of 12 children of Paddy and Kathleen McDonagh. She spent all of her life except for a couple of years in her native town.
She moved to Athlone, where husband Johnny is from after she married but the outbreak of the Northern Troubles caused them to move back to Dundalk when Johnny, a member of the Irish army, was transferred to town. That move became permanent, with the couple first residing with Mary's parents, and then obtaining a home in Cox's Demesne before making their final move to Aghameen Park in 1983.
Mary devoted herself to the task of raising and nourishing their eight children, and that was rendered somewhat easier by her love for cooking and her soft loving nature, as well as being strong minded. But she would do anything for anybody. She liked shopping and especially for clothes, and could spend no end of time at that pursuit. She also liked holidays, going to the like of Boston and New York to see family members, and visiting favourite places in this country, such as Killarney, Galway and Tralee.
In her younger days she enjoyed ballroom dancing going to the former Adelphi ballroom. However, above all she loved bingo and attending concerts by Daniel O'Donnell.
She was a big fan of his, travelling the length of the country, taking in Killarney, Cork, Mayo and Donegal to listen to his singing and music. She also was a fan of the High Kings and their folk music, and her varied taste also included an appreciation of rock and roll. Growing up she went to Realt na Mara schools in town. She took up employment at a young age, joining the workforce in the former cigarette and tobacco manufacturing plant of PJ Carroll in town.
Later in life she worked in the Lisdoo Arms and also the Fairways Hotel. She met with husband- to- be Johnny at her brother's wedding.
Mary was admitted to hospital after Christmas, and passed away peacefully surrounded by her family at Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital.
She was predeceased by brothers, David and Thomas and grand-daughter, Teresa along with by her parents Paddy and Kathleen.
She will be very sadly missed by husband, Johnny, sons, Patrick and Séamus, daughters, Kathleen, Margaret, Michelle, Sharon, Siobhán and Melissa, brothers, John, Paddy, Michael, Martin and Kieran, sisters, Kathleen, Winifred, Brigid, Nora, Margaret and Jacqueline, sons-in-law, daughter in-law, 19 grandchildren, two great-grandchildren, aunts, Margaret and Nellie, brothers and sisters in-law, nephews, nieces, cousins, wonderful friends and neighbours.
After reposing at her residence on Saturday and Sunday, Mary was removed on Monday afternoon to Saint Nicholas' Church, Bridge Street. Father Frank Corry SM Holy Family parish celebrated Requiem Mass during which he delivered a lovely eulogy.
Mary's grandchildren took part in various parts of the Mass. They took up the gifts symbolising Mary's life, which included a family tree and family photograph, her glasses, walking stick, a Daniel O'Donnell CD and bingo book.
They also gave the Readings, and led the Prayers of the Faithful, and brought up the Offertory gifts. Grandnephew Shane also recited one of the prayers. Son Seamus spoke lovingly of his mother.
The music at the Mass was a fitting reflection of Mary's life with songs played of her favourite performer Daniel O'Donnell, and others that she enjoyed Ed Sheeran, Michael English and Brendan Shine.
Burial followed in Saint Patrick's cemetery.
The Month's Mind Mass for Mary will take place on Sunday July 15 at 11am in the Church of The Holy Family.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Musical legend Jimmy Osmond, who celebrated his 50th anniversary in the music business last year, returns to the UK in 2018 with his hugely popular show - A Tribute to Andy Williams – Moon River and Me. Packed with award-winning music, nostalgic footage and Jimmy's own personal memories of Andy Williams, the 36-date tour will run from January through to March and stops off in Crewe on February 3.
Jimmy who made his performance debut at the age of three on television on the Andy Williams Show will perform many of the romantic songs that made the legendary singer so popular including Music To Watch Girls By, Happy Heart, Can't Take My Eyes Off You, Almost There, May Each Day, Days of Wine and Roses and of course the song that was to become his theme, Moon River.
The youngest member of the world-famous Osmond family is joined by The Moon River Band with special guest stars including Charlie Green and naturally, a show with an Osmond would not be complete without some of the chart-topping hits that made Jimmy and his brothers famous.
With an array of Platinum and Gold discs to his credit, Jimmy Osmond's multi-faceted career has seen him star in the West End production of Grease, appear in British panto, produce television specials such as The Osmonds' 50th Anniversary and illustrate the award winning children's book Awesome Possum Family Band.
He was also a finalist in the 2016 Celebrity MasterChef series.
For tickets contact the box office on 01270 368242 or crewelyceum.co.uk
Like you, we have a love of wine.
Our work in the wine industry for over 30 years has credited us with the title “Wine Maven”. We've grown grapes, sold prestige brands, heaved barrels and lugged cases. Each day is fuelled by our passion for wine, a thirst to grow our wine knowledge and typically presents us with crazy new adventures.
In 2018, perched in New Zealand and inspired by the fruits of our labour, we believed it was time that the loyal (and novice) wine enthusiast had access to an interesting variety of wine. So we started The Wine Auction Room. We know that we are not alone in our love for rare and fine wine and are thrilled to help others access these fine drops on the secondary market.
Join our upcoming wine auctions at The Wine Auction Room; we know you'll be as excited as we are!
Hailing from a family steeped in hospitality, transitioning to a life-long career in and around the wine industry seemed a natural progression. During this time, I have experienced vintages in Europe, planted my own vineyard, picked grapes, represented some of New Zealand's (and the world's) great wineries.
It was during my time studying for the Diploma of Wine in London that I went to my first wine auction and decided that was my future. Since then I have had the privilege of being Head of the Rare and Fine Wine department for two auction houses in both New Zealand and Australia.
Read more about Reece here https://www.wineauctionroom.com/our-story/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Schools across Suffolk have received bomb threats today (March 19) as part of a hoax targeting schools across the UK.
There have been reports of some evacuations across the county after the hoax threats were received via email, warning a bomb will be detonated on school grounds unless demands for cash are met.
The targeted threats - which are believed to have come from the United States - are affecting schools across the country.
The threats are not believed to be credible.
Suffolk
Suffolk police have confirmed schools were targeted by the hoax but were unable to name them.
However the Mirror Online report Thurston Community College in Suffolk has been evacuated.
A Suffolk Police spokeswoman said:"Suffolk Police have received six reports of malicious hoax communications made to schools, Monday 19 March.
"Officers take hoaxes extremely seriously. They divert police resources and cause disruption and alarm to the public.
“Suffolk County Council is working to support police and the affected schools.”
Cambridgeshire
Cambridgeshire schools have also been targeted today, but police confirmed there were no reports of any evacuations - the force was also unable to name the schools affected.
A Cambridgeshire police spokesman said: "The email has been received by a number of schools in the county but no evacuations.
"We have advised all schools in the county that this is a hoax."
Hertfordshire
In Hertfordshire six schools were also targeted today.
A statement from Hertfordshire Constabulary said: "Today (Monday, March 19) we are responding to reports of bomb threats at six schools in Hertfordshire.
"We'd like to reassure local communities that officers are in contact with the schools involved and at this stage there is no evidence to suggest these threats are credible.
"The schools are Abbots Hill in Hemel Hempstead, Valley School in Stevenage, The Sele School in Hertford, Duncombe School in Hertford, Stanborough School in Watford and St Albans High School.
"A number of schools in other parts of the country have made similar reports to their local police forces."
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
London and elsewhere
Schools in London have also been evacuated and Northumbria Police have confirmed a large number of schools have received threats but were not evacuated.
Eight schools in Hounslow, west London, have been affected. A council spokesman said: “Several schools are affected in Hounslow.
"Initially we thought it was isolated to one school. But there are eight to date in Hounslow that we are aware of. I can't say if they have all been evacuated.
“We are monitoring the situation very closely, and working with the police and taking our lead from them.
“Schools have their own protocol in place and its up to them how they respond.”
The threats are not being treated as genuine.
At 11.10am the Metropolitan Police tweeted: "Police are investigating reports of communications made to a number of schools across London today, Monday, 19 March.
"There have been no arrests. Enquiries are ongoing."
North Yorkshire Police have branded the threats a "hoax".
Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
Postseason baseball at Goss Stadium is almost upon us as for the second straight season, the Oregon State baseball team has once again been tabbed as a national seed. The road to Omaha starts in the Corvallis Regional and BeaversEdge.com has the complete coverage. Below is the complete breakdown of the four teams in the Corvallis Regional. Not a subscriber? Click here to sign up now!
@beaverbaseball
No. 1 Oregon State (44-10-1, 20-9-1 Pac-12)
RPI: 7 Last 10 games: 7-3 Streak: L1 Stats to know .318 batting average (1st in Pac-12) .485 slugging percentage (1st) .413 on base percentage (1st) 410 runs scored (1st) 598 hits (1st) 375 RBI (1st) 52 home runs (3rd) 3.43 ERA (3rd) .230 opposing batting avg. (2nd) 479 batters struck out (1st) Spin-> On paper it appears that offense rules the day for the Beavers as they boast a first place ranking first in nearly every offensive category. OSU's pitching has been solid this season as the Beavers boast a respectable 3.43 ERA. However, the inconsistent lack of starting pitching behind stalwarts Luke Heimlich and Bryce Fehmel has been an issue for the Beavers in the finale of three game series' this season. The Beavers are a complete team and have one of the most dangerous offenses in the country when they are on. It's going to be a tall task for anyone in this regional to hold down the Beavers' offense for multiple games.
No. 4 Northeastern St (37-22, 18-12 Southland Conference)
RPI: 106 Last 10 games: 8-2 Streak: W5 Stats to know .271 batting average (8th in Southland) .401 slugging percentage (5th) .363 on base percentage (8th) 544 hits (7th) 314 RBI's (4th) 42 home runs (4th) 3.32 ERA (1st) .245 opposing batting avg. (1st) 479 hits allowed (1st) 233 runs allowed (1st) Spin-> It's easy to see how Northwestern St. has such a successful season in the Southland Conference. Pitching. The Demons bread and butter this season has been a dominant pitching staff and they will provide a challenge for all teams that face them in the Corvallis Regional. The Demons rank near the top of the Southland in nearly every pitching statistic, and could pose problems for OSU hitters with their bevy of options on the mound. Northwestern State is a very ho-hum middle of the pack team when it comes to offense, leading me to believe that this team knows they have to win by limiting the opposing team's offense because the Demons don't have the offensive firepower to try and outscore any of these teams in the regional. Matchup prediction: Northwestern State's pitching staff could cause some problems for the Beavers depending on who they go with on Friday night, but ultimately I don't anticipate the Demons being able to lock down OSU's offense for nine innings. The game will be tight for four or five innings before the Beavers break away for a 8-3 victory.
No. 2 LSU 37-25 (15-15 SEC)
RPI: 34 Last 10 games: 6-4 Streak: L1 Stats to know .285 batting average (4th in SEC) .424 slugging percentage (7th) 587 hits (2nd) 16 triples (2nd) 239 walks (11th) 4.68 ERA (13th) .253 opposing batting avg. (10th) 542 innings pitched (1st) 528 hits (13th) 282 earned runs allowed (13th) 231 walks allowed (13th) Spin-> Make no mistake folks, this isn't the LSU Tigers of last season. Many Oregon State fans were puzzled as to why the NCAA Tournament selection committee decided to send LSU to Corvallis and the bottom line is, LSU simply isn't the same team it was last year. The Tigers still boast an impressive offense that ranks near the top of the SEC in several key categories, but the caveat to the Tigers is that this year they are one of the worst pitching teams in the SEC. The rank dead last in walks allowed (231), earned runs allowed (282), and team ERA (4.68). Head coach Paul Mainieri is one of the best in the business and I have no doubt that he'll have his Tigers ready, but LSU's pitching is going to be a concern this weekend against teams that put a lot of pressure on you offensively. With LSU announcing that LHP Nick Bush will start against San Diego State on Friday, it appears that the Tigers are saving flamethrowing RHP Zack Hess for either the Beavers or Demons. Hess is well known in Beaver circles as he was wildly effective for the Tigers in Omaha last season.
No. 3 San Diego St. (39-19, 18-12 Mountain West)
RPI: 50 Last 10 games: 6-4 Streak: W3 Stats to know .305 batting average (3rd in MWC) .444 slugging percentage (4th) 369 runs scored (3rd) 623 hits (2nd) 327 RBI (3rd) 3.90 ERA (1st) .251 opposing batting avg. (1st) 457 batters struck out (2nd) 19 saves (1st) 66 wild pitches (2nd) Spin-> San Diego State is a real wildcard in the Corvallis Regional as Aztecs are a very underrated team. SDSU has quietly gone about its business this season, compiling a very nice statsheet along the way. The Aztecs rank right at or near the top of the Mountain West Conference in every single statistic both offensively and on the mound, leading me to believe that they will give LSU all they can handle in the first game of the regional. However, the competition level of the MWC, isn't that of the SEC, giving a slight edge to LSU. Matchup prediction: This is a really tough game to predict because I think these are two evenly matched teams. LSU has the experience and rigor of the postseason under their belt, but SDSU is the more complete team. Whoever handles the stage better and gets quality starting pitching will come out on top, and I believe that SDSU will emerge a 5-2 victor over LSU. ***Check out my story after Friday's action for a recap of OSU vs Northeastern St. and LSU vs SDSU. I'll also have predictions for Saturday's games.****
Regional schedule
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Today in History
Today is Monday, Dec. 11, the 345th day of 2017.
On Dec. 11, 1917, British Gen. Edmund Allenby entered Jerusalem two days after his forces expelled the Ottoman Turks; in a show of respect, Allenby and his officers made their way into the Holy City on foot.
On this date:
In 1602, forces sent by the Duke of Savoy attempted to seize the walled city-state of Geneva by scaling the wall with ladders; however, the Genevans were able to repel the invaders.
In 1792, France's King Louis XVI went before the Convention to face charges of treason. (Louis was convicted, and executed the following month.)
In 1816, Indiana became the 19th state.
In 1936, Britain's King Edward VIII abdicated the throne so he could marry American divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson; his brother, Prince Albert, became King George VI. Edward VIII, now Duke of Windsor, and his bride, Bessie Wallis Warfield Simpson, are seen following the civil and religious ceremonies at the Chateau de Cande, near Tours, France, June 3, 1937. (AP Photo/BIPPA)
In 1936, Britain's King Edward VIII abdicated the throne so he could marry American divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson; his brother, Prince Albert, became King George VI.
In 1941, Germany and Italy declared war on the United States; the U.S. responded in kind.
In 1946, the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) was established.
In 1957, the movie “Peyton Place,” based on the novel by Grace Metalious, had its world premiere in Camden, Maine, where most of it was filmed.
In 1961, a U.S. aircraft carrier carrying Army helicopters arrived in Saigon — the first direct American military support for South Vietnam's battle against Communist guerrillas.
In 1972, Apollo 17's lunar module landed on the moon with astronauts Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt aboard; during three extravehicular activities (EVAs), they became the last two men to date to step onto the lunar surface.
In 1980, President Jimmy Carter signed legislation creating a $1.6 billion environmental “superfund” to pay for cleaning up chemical spills and toxic waste dumps. “Magnum P.I.,” starring Tom Selleck, premiered on CBS.
In 1997, more than 150 countries agreed at a global warming conference in Kyoto, Japan, to control the Earth's greenhouse gases.
In 2008, financier Bernie Madoff was arrested, accused of running a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme. (Madoff is serving a 150-year federal prison sentence.)
Ten years ago: Two car bombs in Algeria, including one targeting the U.N. refugee agency's offices, killed 37 people, 17 of them U.N. employees; Al-Qaida's self-styled North African branch claimed responsibility. The Senate Intelligence Committee took closed-door testimony from CIA Director Michael Hayden on how videotapes of terror suspect interrogations were made, then destroyed.
Five years ago: The Michigan Legislature gave final approval to a pair of right-to-work bills that were quickly signed by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder amid angry protests by union members and their supporters. A gunman opened fire in the Clackamas Town Center, a shopping mall in suburban Portland, Oregon, killing two people and wounding another before killing himself. Former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue (TAG'-lee-uh-boo) overturned the suspensions of four New Orleans Saints players in the league's bounty investigation but said three of the players had engaged in conduct detrimental to the league.
One year ago: President-elect Donald Trump called a recent CIA assessment of Russian hacking in the U.S. election “ridiculous” and said he wasn't interested in getting daily intelligence briefings, telling “Fox News Sunday”: “I get it when I need it.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
© 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
May 2 II-VI Inc:
* II-VI Incorporated reports fiscal 2017 third quarter earnings; established record bookings and revenue; sees strength in all segments
* II-VI Inc - qtrly earnings per share $0.35
* Qtrly total revenues $244.98 million versus $205.11 million
* II-VI Inc - outlook for Q4 is revenue of $245 million to $252 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.33 to $0.37 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Instagram had been testing a feature called Archive in its platform which let users hide their published photos, keeping them hidden in a private section of their profile for their view only. Further posts could be hidden either permanently or indefinitely from anyone.
However, this feature is now being rolled out to all Instagram users across the globe. And what this means is that Instagrammers can now hide their post starting today.
So how to use this feature? Well, users can archive any photo or video on their profile by tapping the "..." three dots button in the top right of the photo. After clicking the button users will see the Archive tab. Just click or select the "Archive" and then the photo is archived.
Once that is done these photos or videos are moved into a dedicated section of the app located at the top right corner of your profile. There is a clock like icon which users can tap and all the archived posts can be accessed.
Alternatively, users can also unarchive a photo and tap on "show on profile" option given. Once the show on profile tab is hit then the photos will be restored to the users' profile page so that everyone's able to see them again.
Well, this is a minor feature, but it seems like it could be helpful sometimes. Instead of deleting the picture and losing it forever, users can now save it Instagram. Further, the popular photo sharing app hopes that "Archive" will not only stop people from deleting their photos but also make them more comfortable with sharing certain photos in the first place.
"Your profile is a representation of who you are and evolves with you over time. With Archive, you now have more flexibility to shape your profile while still preserving moments that matter," says Instagram.
These updates are available as part of Instagram version 10.21 for iOS in the Apple App Store and for Android in Google Play.
Photo: AFP
Amazon, the US online retail giant, is looking to open high street stores in France and is sniffing around for a French retail partner for its rapidly expanding grocery business, media reports said.
The firm is reported to be looking for 15 locations for its brick and mortar shops, mostly in the Paris area, and aims to open them within the next two years, Le Monde said.
The paper said the shops would be based on the company's Amazon Go physical stores - which allow completely check-out free shopping by customers using smartphones - which it is currently testing out on its employees at its headquarters in Seattle.
Amazon has not officially confirmed its plans for France, but Le Monde and other media report that it also approached French distributors with a view to forging partnerships or making an acquisition in France.
Such moves would be in line with its aggressive expansion into the physical retail space in recent years which this summer saw it acquire the US grocer Whole Foods for $13.7 billion.
But Amazon's approaches to French retailers got a negative reaction.
“They approached everyone but did not receive any positive feedback,” one distributor told Le Monde.
One of those reportedly approached was the highly profitable Monoprix retail chain, whose parent company is Groupe Casino, but it was told that Casino had no intentions of selling.
Amazon also reportedly approached the supermarket chains Intermarché et Système U and got a similarly negative reply there.
Thierry Desouches, a spokesman for Système U, said he doubted any French distributor would partner with Amazon.
“It would be like letting the wolf into the sheep pen,” he told told BFMTV.
Amazon continues to expand operations in France with President Emmanuel Macron inaugurating a new logistics centre in Amiens this week, which will employ 500 permanent staff.
The internet giant has also announced it will open a 142,000 delivery warehouses in Bretigny-sur-Orge, which will serve the Paris region. The company says some 1,000 permanent jobs will be created.
Casper Steinfath, who is commonly regaled in the kingdom as the "Danish Viking," has become the first person ever to traverse the dangerous straight separating Denmark and Norway on a standup paddleboard. The bold Dane described the perilous crossing as "the gnarliest thing he has ever done."
It took world champion paddler Casper Steinfath nearly 19 hours to cross the 137-kilometer-long Skagerrak Straight separating Denmark and Norway, Norwegian national broadcaster NRK reported. The record feat is all the more impressive given the subzero temperatures the Dane had to endure in the area, which is notorious for its harsh conditions and hazardous currents.
Steinfath embarked on his journey from his home at Klitmøller on Sunday morning at 2am to reach the Norwegian city of Kristiansand just before 8pm, shortly before nightfall.
"I'm empty of words. My legs are shaking, my stomach doesn't feel so good, but my heart is right," 24-year-old Casper Steinfath told NRK upon his arrival in Kristiansand.
Steinfath's mission was dubbed Viking Crossing 2.0 in memory of his first, painfully unsuccessful attempt, which he had to abort after 17 hours of paddling being short just several kilometers of Norway's coast.
"We humans are stronger than we think. We can push ourselves farther than our minds and mental boundaries. I did it today and I learned a lot of things about myself on my way here," Steinfath said.
Steinfath is a four-time world champion in SUP. By his own admission, he used to wake up in the early hours for 3-o'clock-in-the-morning training for his body to adapt to paddling in total darkness and with no horizon in sight. Nevertheless, he values his recent feat far above his previous merits.
"None of the four world titles come close to what I experienced today. I didn't feel I conquered Skagerrak, Skagerrak conquered me," Steinfath said, as quoted by SUP the Mag.
The Skagerrak runs between the southeast coast of Norway, the southwest coast of Sweden, and the Jutland peninsula of Denmark, linking the North Sea and the Kattegat sea area, which leads to the Baltic Sea. It contains one of the world's busiest shipping routes, as well as an intensive fishing industry.
In the early years of the United States, the first explorers of the West heard stories about a land with canyons, geysers and waterfalls that sounded too good to be true. It wasn't until Thomas Moran returned from a trip with paintings of what he saw that the unique region actually lived up to the rumors. Soon after the land was set aside as a park, but since there was no National Park Service, it was initially an area where everything from people building houses to a zoo could be seen. The wild animals were part of the experience and steps were taken to make them part of a show.
A driver is reported to be in a 'very serious condition' following a collision on the A11 between Six Mile Bottom and Little Abbington at around 7pm tonight (February 2).
The individual, believed to be driving a car, was attended by air ambulance crews while Cambridge police closed the road.
Police are still carrying out investigations.
It is not believed any other vehicles are involved at this stage.
Closures in place
The A11 is currently closed in both direction between A1304 (Six Mile Bottom) and A1307 (Little Abbington) following the incident.
It is not expected to reopen until the early hours of Saturday (February 3).
Let us know if you spot anything that you think we should know about - send us a tweet @CambridgeNewsUK or message us via the Cambridge travel and traffic Facebook page.
Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) He lives and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with him at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
She adds that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott himself starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
We now know who won the auction for a 1930s Purdue jersey believed to have been worn by basketball great John Wooden.
Perhaps fittingly, one Boilermaker sports legend stepped up to ensure a major piece of another's legacy would remain in Mackey Arena for generations.
Via video presentation after the dinner and question-and-answer session at a John Purdue Club "Boilermakers on the Road" gathering in Jeffersonville, Drew Brees came forward as the previously anonymous auction winner.
Technically the Boilermaker alum and star New Orleans Saints quarterback is loaning the jersey to Purdue, though he said it "will reside in the halls of Mackey Arena forever."
The auction's full sale price of $264,000 earlier this month — $220,000 for the high bid, $44,000 for the buyer's premium — set a record for a college basketball jersey, according to Heritage Auctions.
Brees learned of the jersey's availability from Orlando Itin, owner of Bruno's Swiss Inn restaurant in West Lafayette. He and Tom Schott, Purdue's senior associate athletic director for communications, sent Brees more information about the jersey. That included a Journal & Courier article about how the Neff family of Clinton County passed the jersey down through the years.
"The first words out of my mouth to him upon finding out the John Wooden jersey would be made available to the public was, ‘We have to get this for Purdue University. This jersey belongs in Mackey Arena back at Purdue,' " Brees said in the video.
Purdue fans gathered at Kye's event center in this Louisville suburb to land autographs from and rub elbows with Boilermaker coaches.
They didn't know it, but their $35 was supposed to get them much more than fried chicken and a smile in the autograph line.
Brees are secretly scheduled to attend as well and reveal the jersey, which has been in West Lafayette since last week. Bad weather scuttled his travel plans, so he instead submitted the video announcement from Peoria, Illinois.
Schott said plans for the the display and care of the jersey are still being discussed. He said Purdue planned to reach out to curators at the College Football Hall of Fame for guidance.
“Just the rarity, and the fact no one has seen such an item before,” Schott said of the significance of bringing the item to Purdue. “Personally I love history, and I love memorabilia. I can't think of a more exciting thing to have at Purdue than John Wooden's jersey. It may be the rarest of college basketball memorabilia.”
Schott said no Purdue funds were used in the auction, though the athletic department will take on the cost of the jersey's display and upkeep.
Itin displays a plethora of Purdue and other sports memorabilia in Big O's Sports Room at his restaurant. He originally hoped the bidding would stay near the low end of its $30,000-plus expected auction price.
He soon realized he needed to find a partner with deeper pockets.
Such an honor to bring John Wooden's 1930-1932 jersey back home to Purdue. His legend and legacy started here! #BoilerUp @CoachPainter @BoilerBall pic.twitter.com/1nsY4UCSy3 — Drew Brees (@drewbrees) May 30, 2018
Itin said he has sent Brees items pertaining to Wooden in the past, and the quarterback keeps a picture of the icon in his locker. As the online auction wound down late at night on May 17, Itin placed a $100,000 bid on Brees' behalf. Two other bidders surpassed the Purdue coalition.
Itin checked in with Brees via text and got the go-ahead to keep bidding into the early morning hours. The final auction price dwarfed the previous record for a college basketball jersey, set by a Lew Alcindor/Kareem Abdul-Jabbar UCLA jersey.
"He said. 'Big O, do whatever you've got to do,' " Itin said.
Purdue currently displays a Wooden letter sweater in the centerpiece of the Mackey Arena Ring of Honor. However, Schott said displaying the jersey could be more complicated.
Can't thank @drewbrees enough for bringing Coach Wooden's jersey home. Excited to have it hang in Mackey Arena.
The #Purdue family is something else. pic.twitter.com/osgCS7l08W — Purdue's Matt Painter (@CoachPainter) May 30, 2018
Ideally, it would be displayed so fans could see the “Purdue” in gold letters with black trim on one side and Wooden's number 13 on the other.
However, Mackey Arena is a public venue with people walking in and out, creating security concerns for an item with a now-established value of more than a quarter million dollars.
Wooden, a Martinsville native, was a three-time All-American and national player of the year at Purdue prior to his legendary coaching career at UCLA.
Brees was the Heisman Trophy finalist quarterback for Purdue's 2001 Rose Bowl team. His Hall of Fame-caliber career with the San Diego Chargers and New Orleans Saints includes the Super Bowl XLIV championship and a multitude of records for passing yards and touchdowns.
Brees' previous generosity towards Purdue athletics includes a $2 million gift in 2007 that helped establish the Drew and Brittany Brees Student-Athlete Academic Center. He also donated an additional $1 million in 2015 to support the Purdue Football Master Plan. That plan included the Purdue Football Performance Complex, which opened last fall.
Brees' emergence as the buyer answers one mystery about the jersey. Others linger. How did Frank Neff, a contemporary of Wooden's at Purdue and purported longtime friend, acquire the jersey from Wooden? Per Neff family recollection, Frank kept the jersey in a box in a bedroom drawer and rarely showed it off or even talked about it.
The jersey passed down to John Neff after his grandfather's death, and he also stored it in a box in his closet for years before researching its authenticity. The once-white wool fabric has yellowed slightly with age, and the jersey bears some slight stains and at least one hole left by moths.
Memorabilia Evaluation and Research Services — known in the collectibles industry by the acronym MEARS — graded the item A9 on a scale of 10. It vouched for the authenticity of the jersey based on the item's condition, materials, tagging and other identifiers and the Neff family's letters of provenance.
Itin, who was initially somewhat skeptical of the jersey, said Tuesday he is "100 percent convinced this is genuine."
"This is probably the most rare and unique college basketball jersey ever found," said Itin, who received the jersey via Federal Express last week. "There's no doubt in my mind."
John Neff said he used to live around the corner from Bruno's. While he always hoped for the highest bid possible, he also hoped the buyer would realize its significance.
Brees helped fulfill both preferences.
"I thought it was fantastic," said Neff, who did not know Brees was the buyer until watching Purdue's live stream of the event on Facebook. "I'm thankful that it was a Purdue alum and that it's going to stay right where it belongs."
© Gannett Co., Inc. 2018. All Rights Reserved
Rex and Isobel Currin from Safety Bay (left) and Waikiki friends Denis and Robin Penfold both celebrated their 50th wedding anniversaries on the same day.
Rex and Isobel Currin from Safety Bay (left) and Waikiki friends Denis and Robin Penfold both celebrated their 50th wedding anniversaries on the same day. Picture: Picture: Aiden Boyham, Aiden Boyham
A 50th wedding anniversary is a rare occurrence in most marriages, but for two Rockingham couples March 9 was a special day on the calendar.
Rex and Isobel Currin from Safety Bay and Denis and Robin Penfold from Waikiki celebrated their annivers-aries on the same day this month.
Having met through the Rockingham Church of Christ, the couples struck up a friendship, with their big days happening to fall simultaneously.
Mr and Mrs Penfold, both from WA, met at a 21st birthday party, with Mr Penfold's gypsy tap and waltz skills later “sweeping Mrs Penfold off her feet”.
They married three years later at Trinity College and now have two daughters and three grandchildren.
Mr and Mrs Currin, meanwhile, hail from South Africa and were married in Uvongo, south of Durban.
They came to Australia in 1984, before returning to South Africa to tend to business interests six years later.
In 2006 they returned to WA and settled in Harrington Waters before moving to Safety Bay.
They also have two daughters and two grandchildren.
When asked the secret to a long and successful marriage, Mr Currin said the equation was pretty simple.
“I say this a little facetiously, but our marriage was like a fairy tale, that's the truth,” he said.
“I married the princess and we've lived happily ever after.”
Meanwhile, in the spirit of the Bible, Mr Penfold said the biggest thing was to treat others how you would wish to be treated.
5 Surprise Romantic Getaways In The USCelebrate Valentine's Day or any other romantic occasion by visiting any of these five American destinations.
America's 5 Best Comfort Food SpotsFive of the nation's traditional and very special places where comfort foods are served. Diners find such menu favorites as steak and potatoes, mac and cheese, burgers and fries, and old fashioned baked pies.
Take A Trip Back In Time To See The BeatlesIn the English city where they were born and rose to fame, tourists can take a trip back in time to meet "The Beatles."
Best Tropical Destinations For Travelers On A BudgetA closer look at five of the best tropical or subtropical destinations in the world for the budget-minded traveler.
EAGLES-RAMS
Eagles lose Wentz to injury, beat Rams 43-35 to win NFC East
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Carson Wentz threw for 291 yards and four touchdowns before leaving with a knee injury and Jake Elliott kicked the go-ahead 33-yard field goal with 3:45 left for the Philadelphia Eagles, who beat the Los Angeles Rams 43-35 in a thriller Sunday to clinch the NFC East title.
Two sources familiar with the injury tell The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz has torn his left anterior cruciate ligament and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz needs an MRI to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
Wentz was hit hard as he scrambled into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. He stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery four plays later to give the Eagles the lead.
Foles replaced Wentz on the next drive for Philadelphia, which is 11-2.
The NFC West-leading Rams then went up 35-31 on Todd Gurley's second short TD run before dropping to 9-4.
Elliott kicked a 41-yard field goal to pull the Eagles to 35-34. His go-ahead field goal was set up when Chris Long, a second-round draft pick of the then-St. Louis Rams in 2008, had a strip-sack of Jared Goff, with Rodney McLeod recovering.
JAGUARS-SEAHAWKS
Jaguars beat Seahawks 30-24, take outright lead in AFC South
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Blake Bortles threw two perfect passes for touchdowns, Jaydon Mickens set up another score with a 72-yard punt return and the Jacksonville Jaguars beat the Seattle Seahawks 30-24 on Sunday.
The 9-4 Jaguars intercepted three passes by Russell Wilson, including two on deep balls, and won for the sixth time in their last seven games. This victory, coupled with Tennessee's loss at Arizona, moved Jacksonville atop the AFC South.
It's the first time since 2010 that the Jaguars have had the outright division lead this late in a season.
The loss didn't sit well with the 8-5 Seahawks, who had two players ejected in the final minute. Defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch during a melee that included defensive tackle Michael Bennett and Jaguars running back Leonard Fournette.
More pushing and shoving occurred after the next play, and defensive end Quinton Jefferson was tossed. Jefferson tried to climb into the stands after getting hit with what looked like a plastic bottle. Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field. Carroll walked into Seattle's huddle, possibly to calm his players down.
The ending did little to ruin Jacksonville's celebration, which had a lot to do with Bortles and the league's top-ranked defense.
CHARGERS-REDSKINS
Rivers leads Bolts to 4th straight win
CARSON, Calif. (AP) — Philip Rivers passed for 319 yards and two touchdowns, and the Los Angeles Chargers continued their ferocious playoff push with their fourth straight victory, 30-13 over the Washington Redskins on Sunday.
Tyrell Williams caught a 75-yard touchdown pass and Hunter Henry had another scoring grab for the Chargers, who have won seven of nine after an 0-4 start to their relocation season.
While outscoring their opponents 131-53 during their winning streak, the Chargers also moved above .500 for the first time since September 2015 with a dominant offensive performance against Washington.
The Chargers stayed atop the AFC West alongside the Chiefs, their opponents Saturday in Kansas City.
Kirk Cousins hit Vernon Davis with an early TD pass for the Redskins, who have lost two straight and six of eight to slip to 5-8.
Although Bashaud Breeland returned an interception of Kellen Clemens' pass 96 yards for a touchdown with 2:36 to play, Washington's defense had few answers while the Chargers racked up 429 yards by midway through the third quarter.
Rivers passed for 256 yards in the first half of another outstanding performance late in his 12th season as the Chargers' starting quarterback. Rivers also moved ahead of Warren Moon for ninth place in NFL history in career yards passing while picking apart the Redskins' secondary.
CARDINALS-TITANS
Cardinals beat Titans on Dawson's 4 field goals
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Phil Dawson kicked four second-half field goals and the Arizona Cardinals shut down Tennessee's offense nearly all day Sunday in a 12-7 victory over the Titans, who had entered the game leading the AFC South.
Dawson connected from 47, 23, 32 and 35 yards and missed from 40 for the 6-7 Cardinals, whose victory came two weeks after they beat then-AFC South leader Jacksonville on the same field.
The Cardinals intercepted Marcus Mariota twice in the second half after the 8-5 Titans nursed a 7-0 lead at halftime.
Mariota completed 16 of 31 passes for 159 yards. Tennessee managed 65 yards rushing against the Cardinals after gaining 198 on the ground in a win over Houston a week ago.
Mariota was 6 of 16 for 60 yards with two picks in the second half.
The Cardinals gained 64 yards in the first half and 197 in the second.
Blaine Gabbert completed 17 of 26 for 178 yards for Arizona with no interceptions, but was sacked eight times, most by a Cardinals quarterback this season.
BRONCOS-JETS
Broncos end 8-game skid
DENVER (AP) — The Broncos snapped their longest losing streak since joining the NFL in 1970 with a 23-0 shutout of the New York Jets on Sunday thanks to wide receiver Demaryius Thomas' big game and a return of Denver's stingy defense.
Trevor Siemian threw for 200 yards and his favorite target was Thomas , who caught eight passes for 93 yards and a touchdown as the 4-9 Broncos avoided tying their franchise futility record of nine consecutive losses set way back in 1967.
This was their first win in 70 days — and their first shutout since Nov. 20, 2005, a 27-0 win over the Jets, was fueled by a defense that held New York in check all afternoon.
The Jets were limited to just 100 yards of offense, 59 on the ground and 41 through the air in falling to 5-8.
Jets quarterback Josh McCown was knocked from the game twice by hard hits, including a clean shot by pass rusher Shane Ray in the third quarter that left McCown with an injured left hand.
McCown finished just 6 of 12 for 46 yards, and his replacement, Bryce Petty was 2 of 9 for 14 yards.
VIKINGS-PANTHERS
Stewart runs for 3 TDs, Panthers beat Vikings 31-24
Charlotte, N.C. (AP) — Jonathan Stewart ran for 103 yards and three touchdowns, and the Carolina Panthers snapped the Minnesota Vikings' eight-game win streak with a 31-24 victory.
Cam Newton threw for 137 yards and a touchdown and ran for 75 yards as the Panthers racked up 216 yards on the ground against the league's No. 2 ranked defense to pull even with the Saints atop the NFC South standings. Carolina's defense sacked Case Keenum six times and forced three turnovers.
COLTS-BILLS
McCoy scores to seal Bills' 13-7 OT win over Colts
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — LeSean McCoy scored on a 21-yard run with 1:33 left in overtime to secure the Buffalo Bills' 13-7 win over the Indianapolis Colts in a wintry, white-out setting best suited for snow shoes and sled dogs.
McCoy finished with 156 yards rushing and topped the 1,000-yard mark for the sixth time in his career on a slick, snow-covered field.
Buffalo, now 7-6, stayed alive in the AFC playoff picture, while the 3-10 Colts were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention.
COWBOYS-GIANTS
Prescott throws 3 TDs as Cowboys spoil Eli's return
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — Dak Prescott threw three touchdown passes and the Dallas Cowboys beat New York 30-10 to spoil Steve Spagnuolo's debut as interim coach and the return of quarterback Eli Manning to the Giants' starting lineup.
Prescott, who was 20 of 30 for 332 yards for the Cowboys, now 7-6, stayed in the playoff hunt with three games left in the regular season.
New York fell to 2-11.
The game capped a hectic week for the Giants that started Monday with the firing of second-year coach Ben McAdoo and general manager Jerry Reese and saw Spagnuolo promoted from defensive coordinator to interim coach.
PACKERS-BROWNS
Packers rally to stun winless Browns 27-21 in overtime
CLEVELAND (AP) — Brett Hundley threw a 25-yard touchdown pass to Davante Adams with 5:05 left in overtime as the Green Bay Packers rallied for a 27-21 win over the Cleveland Browns.
The Packers rallied from a two-touchdown deficit in the fourth quarter to stun the Browns. Cleveland fell to 0-13 for the second year in a row.
With their second straight OT win, the Packers kept their playoff hopes alive and they'll have quarterbacked Aaron Rodgers back next week after he missed seven games with a broken collarbone.
RAIDERS-CHIEFS
Hunt, defense spur Chiefs to 26-15 victory over Raiders
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Kareem Hunt ran for 116 yards and a touchdown, the Chiefs shut down Derek Carr and Raiders offense and Kansas City held on to beat Oakland 26-15 on Sunday to snap a four-game losing streak.
The suddenly stingy Chiefs, now 7-6, also made a big statement in the crowded AFC West race. They entered the game tied atop the division standings with the Raiders, who are 6-7 and the Chargers, who played Washington later Sunday and visit Kansas City on Saturday night.
Alex Smith threw for 268 yards and Charcandrick West had a touchdown run for the Chiefs, who held the Raiders without points until Marshawn Lynch's 22-yard touchdown run with 8:51 to go.
BEARS-BENGALS
Trubisky, Howard lead Bears over hapless Bengals 33-7
CINCINNATI (AP) — Rookie Mitchell Trubisky threw for a touchdown and ran for another in his best showing yet, and the Chicago Bears ended a five-game losing streak by routing the lackluster Cincinnati Bengals 33-7 on Sunday.
Jordan Howard ran for 147 yards and a pair of touchdowns as the Bears, now 4-9, dominated a matchup of the NFL's worst offenses. Their rookie quarterback took full advantage of an injury-depleted defense, completing a career-high 25 passes out of 32 attempts for 271 yards. He also ran 4 yards for a score.
The Bengals, who are 5-8, were coming off a 23-20 loss to the Steelers on Monday night that crushed their playoff hopes and gutted their defense.
The Bears piled up a season-high 482 yards against a unit missing starting cornerbacks Adam “Pacman” Jones and Dre Kirkpatrick as well as linebackers Vontaze Burfict and Nick Vigil.
49ERS-TEXANS
Garoppolo leads 49ers to 26-16 win over Texans
HOUSTON (AP) — Jimmy Garoppolo threw for a career-high 334 yards and a touchdown to help the 49ers to their second straight win.
San Francisco beat the Houston Texans 26-16.
Garoppolo again showed that he could be the answer for the 49ers who are 3-10, at quarterback, going 20 of 33 in his second start for the team.
He threw for 293 yards in his debut with the team last week to help the 49ers to a 15-14 win at Chicago.
Houston's T.J. Yates threw for 175 yards and two touchdowns after Tom Savage left with a concussion in the second quarter. The Texans, now 4-9, lost their third straight and sixth in seven games.
LIONS-BUCCANEERS
Stafford's 4th winning drive leads Lions over Bucs 24-21
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Matthew Stafford passed for 381 yards with an injured throwing hand and set up Matt Prater for a 46-yard field goal in the closing seconds to help the Detroit Lions remain in playoff contention with a 24-21 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday.
Stafford made his 109th consecutive start despite being limited in practice after his right hand was stepped on during the previous week at Baltimore. He completed 36 of 44 attempts against the 4-9 Bucs, and the Lions, now 7-6, overcame two interceptions and a fumble to stop a two-game losing streak.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
THE police bomb squad is investigating a suspicious device left outside Frankston Magistrates' Court in Fletcher Rd this morning.
Police confirmed the device was found near the court before 8am today.
Bomb response unit officers are on scene investigating.
Fletcher Rd is closed between Evelyn St and Beach St.
The court is next to Frankston Police Station.
More to come.
edward.gardiner@news.com.au
@edjgardiner
Roughly 400,000 fans attended last year's celebration, which was the biggest for any of the team's Stanley Cup championships to that point.
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6. And judging from signs and chants from the crowd, this championship was sweetened by the adversity the team overcame.
Playoff MVP and Penguins captain Sidney Crosby was knocked out for the better part of two games with a concussion against the Washington Capitals, and the Penguins played without their best defenseman, Kris Letang, who had neck surgery before the playoffs.
As the players took the stage to PPG Paints Arena announcer Ryan Mill's introductions, fans also learned that Ian Cole, another defenseman, played through a broken hand and broken ribs. And Brian Bonino, who broke his leg blocking a shot but still finished Game 2 of the finals before missing the rest, hobbled around on crutches while taking selfies with fans.
A couple of bittersweet story lines punctuated the festivities: 40-year-old veteran Matt Cullen, who has won two Cups since joining the Penguins as a free agent last season, has hinted he might retire, prompting fans to chant, "One more year!" And, perhaps the best story of the playoffs was how former starting goalie Marc-Andre Fleury regained that job when rookie Matt Murray was injured during warm-ups in the first game of the playoffs. Fleury was in net for nine of the 16 victories the Penguins needed to win the Cup before Murray returned from injury to replace Fleury after a shaky third-round game against Ottawa and was in net for Pittsburgh's final seven playoff wins.
Fleury, one of the most popular Penguins with fans and teammates, is likely to leave when the new Las Vegas franchise drafts its players or in an offseason trade.
Phil Kessel, another fan favorite since the Penguins acquired him from Toronto two seasons ago, drew some of the biggest cheers.
Fan Kristen Pearce, of Green Bay, Wisconsin, drove down to honor Kessel, a Wisconsin native, and was lucky enough to have him autograph her jersey and her sign, which read, "We drove from Wisconsin to see our Stanley Cup champion!"
Some fans lined up the night before, and most waited several hours for the parade to start.
Karla and Don Donahue drove 30 miles from Freeport to claim their seats in Point State Park at 2:30 a.m. This was the third victory parade for the Donahues, who also attended in 2009 and 2016.
Karla Donahue said if they aren't at the games they're watching on TV.
"If we're somewhere else, it's on the radio," she said. "We haven't missed a game in years."
The Penguins also won the Cup in 1991 and 1992. They became the first team to repeat as champions since the Detroit Red Wings did it in 1997 and 1998.
Giants 19
Redskins 10
Straight up — if the Redskins get outrushed 161-38, lose the turnover battle 3-0, and get Kirk Cousins sacked four times at home in a win-and-in playoff scenario — they don't deserve to be in the playoffs.
Meanwhile, the Giants enter the postseason having won nine of their last 11 games and sporting a 5-0 road playoff record since 2007. Forget the Patriots … nobody wants to see New York right now.
(Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)
Like pickleball, POP Tennis is hoping to find a home as a social racket sport for players of all skill levels.
POP Tennis is a variation of traditional tennis played within a smaller court using both balls and rackets with less spring. (WTOP/Noah Frank)
NORTH BETHESDA, Md. — What's the worst part about playing tennis?
It can be tough to find a partner of equal ability to provide a good game. For those without a lot of skill, points are often short, and overhand serving can be a haphazard proposition. You may spend just as much time chasing errant shots around the court or fetching balls from over the fence.
All of these things are reasons pickleball has risen in popularity over the past few years.
Now there's POP Tennis, which attempts to address some of its original cousin's shortcomings in the same way, while providing a fun, social game on an actual tennis court.
The game is played on a 60- x 21-foot court (or a regular court marked with additional lines), with a regular tennis net.
Comparatively, the pickleball net is shorter, and the game played with a large plastic ball.
POP Tennis players serve underhand, on the fly or the bounce, and get only one serve. But unlike pickleball, the rules and scoring are otherwise identical to regular tennis.
“There's not quite as much running and moving as there would be in regular tennis, but the racket skills and things like that still can be hugely beneficial,” said Mark DiChiara, Director of Tennis at Georgetown Prep Tennis Club.
Five or six years ago, the USTA offered to paint lines on courts at clubs all around the country for free, footing the bill to outfit them for 10-and-under junior play, as well as POP Tennis.
While not every club took them up on the offer, there are some 18,000 stand-alone courts or those with the painted lines across the country. One such club is the one at Georgetown Prep, where the USTA spent about $2,000 through its facilities grant program repainting courts with the new lines.
“It's getting to be where almost everywhere you look, some courts have the 10-and-under lines on them,” DiChiara said.
The sport compensates for the tighter space with lower compression tennis balls, specifically designed for the 60-foot court. It also uses a memory foam composite racket with holes in it as opposed to a strung tennis racket, which does not have nearly as much spring.
The slower ball speeds and tighter spaces mean fewer tight angled shots, keeping the ball better contained in an area where players of all abilities can chase it down.
“It's definitely an equalizing sport when it comes to skill level,” DiChiara said. “A lot of the points when you're playing last a whole lot longer, because it just takes so much more to put the ball away.”
He's been using the game as a change-up to traditional tennis for those who train several times a week, as well as a way to get new players involved.
One unexpected, welcome side effect: it's been more fun for the players than he anticipated.
“I've also found with this that the court is just that much smaller and people are that much physically closer together when they're playing,” he said. “You can't help but be a little more social when you're that much closer to other players.”
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
AMHERST COUNTY, Va. - The Amherst County Sheriff's Office is asking for help finding a missing Madison Heights woman as there is concern for her well-being.
Rebecca Maddox, 29, has not been seen by family since June 28 and has medical conditions that need regular treatment, according to the Sheriff's Office.
She was recently reported missing when she failed to show up for a medical appointment.
Maddox was last seen driving a teal 2010 Toyota Sienna van.
The Sheriff's Office says there is no foul play suspected at this time.
Anyone with information regarding Maddox's whereabouts is asked to contact the Sheriff's Office at 434-946-9300.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
My dad called me this past week to ask if I had been shot. As news of the attack on the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis began to spread, his intentions were twofold: This was partly my dad's way of half-jokingly asking me to relay whatever information I had about the shooting, which took place less than 30 miles from where I was at the time. His second concern was the possibility, no matter how remote, that if a gunman were willing to open fire on a community paper newsroom, the same may have just happened to his son.
Spend any time in a newsroom and you'll see the threats and harassment that seep in. This is nothing new. For some unexplainable reason, many anonymous readers prefer to rip articles from the newspaper and scrawl their messages along the margins in cramped, uneven handwriting.
Then there are the times when you are simply death threat-adjacent. Like on Nov. 8, 2016, when the reporters covering the trial of Michael Slager, myself included, received an evening message from the local police saying that the courthouse had received a total of four bomb threats throughout the day.
Reporters have a habit of doing things that are in direct opposition of the basic safety lessons you teach a child. "Don't talk to strangers" being the absolute antithesis of the profession. There are multiple occasions when I've been on my way back to the office and received a text from my editor asking if I was still alive. As with the call from my dad, there are layers to these messages. They are partly a bit of gallows humor to acknowledge that I was doing something stupid. But at the same time, no editor ever wants to see a reporter harmed on their watch. And they know that is a distinct possibility.
In the wake of the Annapolis shooting, much has been said about President Trump's continued description of the press as the enemy of the American people. While the man in custody for the Annapolis shooting reportedly has a history of harassment against the Capital Gazette dating back years, there is an understandable belief that the president's words have fueled a growing animosity toward journalists. In the few opportunities I've had to cover the president, I've felt the glares and heard the boos that get directed toward the press pit. According to a 2016 police report, President Trump's criticism of the press was specifically mentioned in a death threat received by a columnist writing for the Charleston City Paper.
Of course, this is not the first time that an American president has attempted to undermine the press.
Only seven years after the First Amendment established our nation's free press, President John Adams signed the Alien and Sedition Acts. These allowed for the imprisonment of both immigrants and journalists deemed to be enemies of America. History, as has been said far too many times before, has an ugly habit of repeating itself.
But with so much recent discussion of the president's open contempt for the press, I haven't heard anything about another emerging threat to journalists: their livelihood. New tariffs implemented by the Trump administration on Canadian uncoated paper have raised the price of newsprint, according to the Wall Street Journal and Washington Post. Increased production costs, of course, could very well trickle down to newsrooms already plagued by salary cuts.
In the Charleston metro area, the median annual salary for reporters and correspondents — including those in print, radio, and TV — has fallen by 23 percent in the past five years alone, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. In 2013, the median income for a local reporter in Charleston was $37,790. By 2016, that number had dropped below $27,800 before climbing to $29,070 the following year.
The same year that Charleston reporters brought home the smallest paycheck they had seen in years, state Rep. Mike Pitts (R-Laurens) filed a bill that would have established the South Carolina Responsible Journalism Registry Law. The Upstate Republican later shrugged off the proposal to force journalists to register with the state as a rhetorical exercise to point out the press' hypocrisy over gun rights, but Pitts' very real piece of legislation would have established licensing fees for journalists wishing to do their jobs of reporting in the public interest — including on Rep. Pitts and the rest of state government.
With salaries on the decline, the number of journalists employed nationwide by daily publications like the Capital Gazette has continued to dwindle. According to the American Society of News Editors' most recent newsroom census, daily newspapers employed 32,900 journalists in 2015 — a drop of almost 4,000 employees from the previous year and the largest drop since the Recession.
In her book The Influencing Machine, media analyst Brooke Gladstone offers up a keen description of journalists working in the face of harsh criticism from those in power. She writes, "American governments will always lash out at discordant speech when they feel threatened, either by an external enemy or by an enemy within — and no one who can write or speak is immune from its sting. The press is merely the loudest canary in the coal mine."
The last sentence there is always what's stuck with me — mainly because it recognizes that we are all trying to breathe the same air.
Dustin Waters is a freelance writer (and former staff writer for 'Charleston City Paper') currently living in Washington, D.C.
A speedy new tickets sales system to help people buy easier and faster at SIV venues - including Sheffield Arena - was outlined today as part of major plans to increase business and boost the city's economy.
SIV, formerly known as Sheffield International Venues, manages or operates many of the biggest entertainment and sports venues in the city, also including Sheffield City Hall, Ponds Forge, the English Institute of Sport and iceSheffield - plus Whitby Pavilion and Scarborough Spa.
It gets more than 1 million customers through its doors every year to over 1,500 major sport, business and entertainment events.
Dominic Stokes, who has just been promoted to SIV's Head of Entertainment and Events, responsible for the strategic and commercial direction of its entertainment venues, SIV Tickets and SIV Events, is now aiming to add another 100,000 customers and 200 events every year.
He believes that's possible by tapping into the 'diverse wealth of staff expertise, creativity and experience within the venues' and by making it easier and faster to buy tickets.
It follows the announcement of an ‘extensive business review' by the new chairman of the Sheffield City Trust - David Grey MBE - to ‘market test' all 17 of the services run by its operating arm SIV.
Dominic Stokes is SIV's new Head of Entertainment and Events
The trust, which has a charitable aim to boost health and wellbeing, hopes the exercise will prove it should continue to deliver services directly.
In an exclusive chat - watch the interview here online - Mr Stokes told us: "Essentially we have created a family of entertainment venues. We have over 1 million people come through the doors of those buildings and have 1,500 events.
"By bringing them together we are going to utilise all the skills that each of those individual venues have and put it towards the division. We want to bring more people in to the city and our venues and bring more events. Hopefully everyone will benefit.
"I don't think it's beyond our reach of increasing that by 10 per cent in both of them - let's add 100,000 people and 200 events on to that 1,500 and see where we go from there.
SIV is the operating arm of Sheffield City Trust - with 17 facilities including Sheffield Arena, Sheffield City Hall and the English Institute of Sport.
"We have looked at an number of things. Initially I want to increase what we do with our ticketing service. We need to make it much easier and quicker to buy tickets.
"We have some fantastic events across the portfolio of venues and if people can buy the tickets quickly and efficiently, that's the start for us."
He added: “There are a number of really exciting opportunities available to us in this new structure. We will be able to bring together the community & commercial elements of SIV's fantastic events business and combine the incredibly diverse wealth of staff expertise, creativity and experience within this family of entertainment and events. This will undoubtedly enable us to grow the number of events we successfully host and deliver as well as increasing the number of customers, client and partners attending or taking part in these events."
Since 2010, the SIV Events team has helped support and build Sheffield's reputation as a premier destination for international and national conferences and business events.
SIV venues include Whitby Pavilion and The Spa is Scarborough.
Recent sporting events have included the Special Olympics Great Britain's National Summer Games, the BUCS Nationals, British Swimming's Swimming Championships and Summer Nationals. It also plays host at Sheffield Arena to the city's dominant ice hockey team, the Sheffield Steelers.
The 17 facilities it operates, employing around 1,200 staff, includes English Institute of Sport Sheffield, Hillsborough Leisure Centre, iceSheffield, Sheffield Arena, Ponds Forge International Sports Centre, Sheffield City Hall, The Spa, Scarborough, Whitby Pavilion, Tapton Park Golf Course, Westfield Sports Centre, Beauchief Golf Course, Birley Wood Golf Course, Concord Sports Centre, Heeley Swimming Baths, Springs Leisure Centre and Tinsley Golf Course.
Mr Stokes joined Sheffield City Trust in 2005, originally as the General Manager of Sheffield City Hall, and then subsequently taking on the role as Head of SIV Events and then Head of SIV Events and Pond Forge.
His new role follows the recent appointment of Joe Waldron as the new Sheffield Arena General Manager.
Steve Brailey, chief executive of SIV, retires at the end of the month and will be replaced by Andrew Snelling, currently SIV's deputy chief executive.
Updated at 6:01 p.m. ET
Major stock indexes dropped sharply Friday, with the Dow Jones industrial average tumbling 666 points amid signs that wage growth is finally picking up.
The 2.6-percent drop in the Dow came as the Labor Department reported 200,000 jobs were added to the economy last month, which was stronger than expected, and the unemployment rate stayed at 4.1 percent — the lowest since 2000.
But worries about inflation grew when the report showed that average hourly wages grew 2.9 percent from a year ago — the largest increase since June 2009. Yields for 10-year Treasurys hit four-year highs Friday.
All this sets the stage for the Federal Reserve to continue raising interest rates, with the next hike expected in March. It sets the stage to make credit cards, car loans and mortgages more expensive.
The Dow closed at 25,520.96, and Friday's 666-point drop was the sixth-worst ever. The index is still up more than 3 percent since the year began. But with a loss about of more than 1,000 points since Monday, it was the blue chip index's worst weekly performance in 2 years.
Among the stocks in the Dow, Apple fell 4.3 percent Friday, Exxon Mobil lost 5.1 percent, Chevron was down nearly 6 percent and Goldman Sachs dropped 4.5 percent.
Other major stock indexes fell about 2 percent Friday. The broader S&P 500 slid 60 points, to 2,762.13; the Nasdaq index lost 145 points, closing at 7,240.95.
Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust, says Friday's employment report shows the economy continues to have a lot of energy.
The higher wage growth and potentially higher inflation "might then lead the Federal Reserve to raise their interest rates more rapidly than the market is comfortable with," he told NPR's John Ydstie.
NPR's Jim Zarroli reports that the wage gains have investors wondering "are we going too fast? Are we going to see more inflation? ... Then you have these big tax cuts taking effect, which means people could be spending more. The government's going to have to borrow more — what's that going to mean?"
But, he says, "The stock market was really due to come down anyway. We have these corrections. They're normal. You can't have stocks rising at these levels all the time."
With the casino non-operational for 27 days in June, gross gaming revenues fell by 21.68% to P9.2 billion in the 1st half of 2017
Published 2:50 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Travellers International Hotel Group Incorporated, owner and operator of Resorts World Manila, saw a net loss of P312.09 million in the 2nd quarter of 2017, after it closed gaming doors in June due to an arson attack that claimed 38 lives.
Travellers International told the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE) on Monday, August 14, that it incurred a 2nd quarter net loss, from a P638.2-million net income in the same period a year ago.
This brought its net income for the 1st half of 2017 to P374.77 million, a 79% drop year-on-year.
With the casino non-operational for 27 days in June, gross gaming revenues fell by 21.68% to P9.2 billion in the 1st half of 2017, from P11.81 billion in the same period last year. (READ: TIMELINE: Resorts World Manila attack)
A total of 38 people were killed last June 2 at the Resorts World Manila in Pasay City, including the lone gunman who fired gunshots and set gaming tables ablaze. After the incident, the Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation (Pagcor) ordered Travellers to suspend gaming operations for 27 days.
"Due to the closure of the casino in June, drop volume in the months of January to May translates into the drop volume run rate for the 1st half," Resorts World Manila said in a disclosure.
Meanwhile, revenues from the non-gaming segment increased by 3.9% to about P2 billion, fueled by hotel operations. The average occupancy rate for its 3 hotels was at 80%.
Expansion works continue
"We must be dynamic and aggressive to make sure that Resorts World Manila is ready for increased competition and the expanding market," said Kingson Sian, president and chief executive officer of Travellers.
The area of the 2nd floor affected by the June 2 incident will be converted into a retail zone. (READ: Gambling addiction: How the Philippines prevents, handles 'problem gamers')
The gaming capacity at the end of June stood at 218 tables, 1,407 slot machines, and 110 electronic table games (ETGs).
Overall property visitation reached an average of 26,585 daily visitors. (READ: FAST FACTS: What you need to know about the Philippine casino industry)
"Resorts World Manila remains committed to implementing necessary enhancements that ensure the safety, security, and enjoyment of our customers and guests," Sian said.
Resorts World Manila's Phase 3 development will have 3 hotels – Hilton Manila, Sheraton Manila Hotel, and Maxims II – adding approximately 940 rooms.
It will also include new gaming and retail spaces, as well as 6 basement parking decks.
Traveller has invested approximately P65 billion since 2008. It is slated to launch Westside City Resorts World by 2020. – Rappler.com
A gene that helps bugs resist one of our last remaining effective antibiotics has been spreading around the world at an alarming rate, report researchers, and is being spotted in a growing number of animals and humans.
The gene is mcr-1, and it blocks the effectiveness of an antibiotic called colistin – an antibiotic of "last resort" that doctors have been turning to as bacteria develop resistance to most of our existing drugs.
Alarm bells first started ringing last year when scientists discovered that mcr-1 had found a way to hop between species of bacteria by attaching itself to the plasmid part of the cell, a small, circular DNA molecule.
Now it seems mcr-1 is definitely on the march, based on presentations made to a meeting of the American Society for Microbiology (ASM) in New Orleans this week.
One team of researchers found mcr-1 in 497 of 8,000 human stool samples taken over five years from Guangzhou in China, reporting that the number is on the rise.
What's more, 10 percent of the mcr-1 genes were also spotted in particular strains of the gut bacterium Escherichia coli, where were resistant to other antibiotics.
In another study, mcr-1 was found in 25 percent of patients at a Guangzhou hospital. The researchers also came across E. coli strains containing a gene called blaNDM-5, which can block the effectiveness of carbapenems, another of our "last resort" drugs.
None of this is good news – it shows bacteria are getting wiser to our antibiotic drugs, even those drugs that have stayed effective up until now.
Meanwhile, in a study of chickens farmed in Brazil, 60 percent of the 107 samples had E. coli strains carrying mcr-1. Another study in two randomly chosen farms in Portugal found the resistance gene in 98 out of 100 healthy pigs.
Across all these samples, researchers found evidence of mcr-1 in different plasmids and strains of bacteria, suggesting it's getting better at spreading – and the experts still aren't sure how it's happening.
Antibiotics have been saving us from infections for almost 100 years, killing bacteria without causing too much damage to our own cells.
The trouble is, the bugs are getting smarter, evolving through natural selection to find ways to beat the drugs we use, which is where "last resort" antibiotics like colistin come into the picture.
Colistin has remained effective because it's rarely been used on humans in the past – it's associated with a variety of kidney problems, which is why it's only used as a last resort. Farmers have been using it to promote growth in livestock instead, which is where colistin-resistant bacteria might have first appeared.
Now it seems colistin's time as an effective antibiotic is running out as well. Scientists are hoping the new studies act as a wake-up call to the dangers of overusing antibiotics with farm animals.
"It's a crappy drug and I think this is a sign of our desperation that we are so concerned about the loss of a toxic antibiotic," Lance Price, an antibiotic researcher at George Washington University who wasn't involved in the research, told Sara Reardon from Nature.
Meanwhile researchers around the globe are working hard to beat antibiotic resistance before it's too late. Earlier this year a molecule was developed that can reverse antibiotic resistance in several strains of bacteria at once, potentially giving us a new weapon in the fight against superbugs.
Another approach announced last year uses star-shaped polymers to break apart bacteria and kill it off in multiple ways. The next step in this research is to develop a similar system that's effective in humans as well as the lab.
With drug-resistant genes like mcr-1 spreading fast, let's hope we can find a way to fight back sooner rather than later.
Executive orders breed more racism, denial
Filed under Opinion
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
In lieu of recent executive orders by President Donald Trump, it has become abundantly clear that the nearly 60 million people who voted for him weren't after a referendum on economic policy, but an outlet for racial restructuring.
It wasn't the rural uneducated working class whites who gobbled up the nationalistic message born of the alt right, fostered by National Security Council member and former Breitbart media editor Steve Bannon, and then disseminated to the masses in the form of political red meat.
To the contrary, it was college educated whites who switched out their Obama/Biden '08 bumper stickers for a chance to witness morning in Reagan's America, experience Kennedy's Camelot or just make America great again.
Exit polls from over 20 states during the primary elections showed Trump supporters bring home a higher income than the national average at roughly $70,000 per household.
The new car smell was gone from this administration the moment Trump signed his second executive order on Jan. 24.
It cleared a path to continue construction on the Dakota Access oil pipeline, disenfranchising thousands of Native Americans in the process.
His first order was to begin the process of repealing the Affordable Care Act.
On the following day, Jan. 25, Trump signed the order beginning the exploratory process of building the border wall and to add 10,000 immigration agents to the federal roster.
As the economic issues that conservative policy wonks championed during the campaign moved from the backseat to the trunk, the overwhelmingly white voting base still denied blatant race-based legislation was coming from the administration in the form of executive orders.
Public sentiment shifted following the travel ban executive order that unconstitutionally restricted the emigration of people from seven majority Muslim nations, fueling protests at airports and courthouses across the country.
Proponents of Trump's order argued the ban was only about combating terrorism and that it had little to do with race or religion.
Targeted hate was again on display last week in what Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) calls a five-day targeted enforcement of immigration laws that saw 160 immigrants gathered and deported from Southern California, not to mention an Arizona mother of two whose crime was attempting to work by fraudulently paying into a system (Social Security) she could never collect from.
But if you ask Trump supporters, targeted deportations in immigrant communities while thousands of visa violators exist is not racist though, just protecting our borders. How about the nomination and subsequent confirmation of Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessions as the 84th attorney general of the U.S.?
Sessions' claim to fame is being too racist to be appointed to the U.S. district court while also saying that the Voting Rights Act is an intrusive piece of legislation.
I suppose his support of voter disenfranchisement laws like the one in North Carolina that was deemed by the courts to target black people with “surgical precision” is not racist either.
These people urging others to give Trump a chance aren't the ones whose lives could be turned upside down in an instant.
So yes, affected groups are justified if emotions are worn proudly on both sleeves.
The unthinkable things that might never happen to you can happen to any of us with just the swipe of a pen.
Robert Clinton is the opinion editor of The Advocate. Contact him at @Rclinton3 on Twitter.
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, has proposed a new rule that restricts scientific research that can be used by the agency for its regulatory decisions.
The proposed rule only allows the use of studies that make all data publicly available for anyone to analyze. Pruitt proposed the new rule as a way to make the agency's decision-making more "transparent, objective and measurable."
"The American people ought to be able to have confidence, assurance, that the findings, the record that we build ... can be assessed, it can be evaluated, it can be analyzed," Pruitt said.
The Heartland Institute, a conservative think-tank, has commended Pruitt on the rule. "For decades, the EPA has improperly claimed massive power to regulate nearly every aspect of our economy and lives. It is long overdue that the EPA should make such data and collection methods available for public review and analysis," Tim Heulskamp, the think tank's president said in a statement.
But several scientific organizations have expressed concerns. "Our concern with this is they are quite literally limiting the best available science that can be used by the EPA," says Sean Gallagher, the senior government relations officer for the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The EPA's regulatory decisions are often based on epidemiological studies looking at the potential health effects of pollutants, like pesticides and particulate matter. "Those studies involve people like you and me, signing confidentiality agreements that the scientists doing the studies won't reveal my personal health information, like my vital statistics, or my death certificate, if I die during the course of the study," says Gallagher. "This is the kind of science that the EPA relies on, whether it looks at chemicals or particulates and their mortality or health effects. It involves private data."
And this private data can't be made public, he says. And so, it limits the studies available to the agency for any decision-making, he adds.
"It would not help make the science any more transparent," says Andrew Rosenberg, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, an advocacy group representing scientists.
When he proposed the new rule, Pruitt talked about a "replication crisis," referring to scientific studies that can't be reproduced. But that crisis applies more to the field of clinical trials, says Rosenberg, where new drugs are being tested for their efficacy.
"That's very different from what the EPA does," he adds. The agency often relies on studies that involve long-term surveys of exposure to certain environmental pollutants and associated health effects. "What are you supposed to do? Go back in time in five years and redo the survey? That's really a false flag."
The new rule would only restrict the science used by the agency and limit the agency's ability to protect public health, he says. It could affect the agency's ability to protect the public from everything from air and water pollutants to household products.
"The scientific process is [already] incredibly transparent," says Gallagher. "It's evidence-based, it follows the facts where they go. It tries to root out bias."
"The agency should be able to use all good, peer reviewed, scrutinized studies," he adds. "It shouldn't be limiting the science."
An artist's impression of what the Port Rockingham marina would look like.
An artist's impression of what the Port Rockingham marina would look like. Picture: Supplied
Members of the public can have their say on a plan to build a marina at Wanliss Street in Rockingham, with the City of Rockingham opening a public consultation period.
The Telegraph revealed earlier this year that the Port Rockingham Marina proposal had the initial blessing of the State Government, with proponent Paul Ogilvie committed to the project.
The developer has since lodged a development application with the City, with a public consultation period now open until April 13.
The project includes a marina encompassing 497 boat pens, two public jetties, retail space, a 91-unit hotel and substantial car-parking infrastructure. After the public consultation period, the City council will vote on the proposal before it is sent to the Government's Metropolitan South-West Joint Development Assessment Panel.
Planning Minister Rita Saffioti told the Telegraph earlier this year it was promising to see investor confidence in Rockingham, while interest in the project had peaked after LandCorp's Mangles Bay Marina plan was axed earlier this month.
The Port Rockingham project has the support of the business community and environmentalists have also backed it after Environmental Protection Authority approval was granted.
People interested in making a public submission can do so by visiting http://rockingham.wa.gov.au/Services/Town-planning-services/Town-planning-advertising
A Leavenworth woman has been sentenced to life in prison without parole for at least 25 years for raping a 16-month-old girl.
Forty-one-year-old Mahogany J. Payne was sentenced Friday. Leavenworth County prosecutor Toff Thompson says a crime occurred when Payne was babysitting the girl and a 5-year-old girl in January 2016.
Payne was convicted in October of one count of rape. She was acquitted of a second rape charge.
The Leavenworth Times reports Payne was given a life sentence under Jessica's Law, which calls for harsh sentences for people convicted of sex crimes involving children.
Payne's attorney, Curtis Holmes, had sought a sentence of probation, but Assistant County Attorney Katie Devlin argued against that, noting that Payne was convicted of child abuse in 1999 in Sedgwick County.
NEWARK, N.J. — Mario Batali is giving up oversight of the daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York, part of Vox Media, reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three of whom worked for Batali. The women, who were not named in the Eater story, claim that Batali engaged in behaviour including groping one's chest and grabbing one from behind and holding her tightly against his body.
In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said that the complaints “match up” with his past behaviour.
“I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family,” Batali said.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behaviour by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
Batali will also take leave from his ABC cooking show, “The Chew.”
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the network said Monday. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behaviour involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
The allegations against Batali are just the latest in a series of incidents that include Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, resignations in the U.S. House and Senate and calls again for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced. Last week Time magazine named the “silence breakers,” those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in his career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
His career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and he skyrocketed to fame with the airing of “Molto Mario,” a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that his signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became instantly recognizable to most people.
The Food Network, which was planning to relaunch “Molto Mario,” said Monday that it was placing its plans on hold. “Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” the network said in a statement.
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities. The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants, including Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles. It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston.
Batali has long been socially active. The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. He has come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
———
Joseph Pisani in New York contributed to this report.
Lisa Scaffidi will still pocket a $60,000 a year salary despite being suspended from office
March 19 (UPI) -- A former federal firearms dealer was sentenced to 78 months in prison for a scheme that involved stealing identities to buy guns and then selling them to Mexican drug cartels.
Timothy Alan Veninga, 48, of Tucson, Ariz., previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud the United States, aiding and abetting false statements in firearms transactions, false statements to government agency, tampering, and identity theft. He will also forfeit more than $61,000, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Arizona said Monday.
Veninga's scheme was carried out with the help of former Tucson police officer, Joe Valles, who was sentenced to 78 months in prison last year.
Veninga owned a gun store in Tucson and Valles ran a gun-painting side gig on the premises. But the pair had another side gig going that involved paying individuals to be straw buyers and leaving the date and firearm information section blank on the federal forms. Veninga and Valle also used stolen identities for the forms, which Valle obtained through his work as a police officer.
After creating false identities for the gun purchases, prosecutors found Veninga and Valle sold 31 firearms to Mexican drug cartels, including 24 semi-automatic pistols of varying calibers and seven rifles. Among the rifles were one semi-automatic assault rifle, one semi-automatic high-capacity rifle and two .50 caliber semi-automatic rifles.
According to data from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, more than 73,000 guns that were seized in Mexico between 2009 and 2014 were traced back to the United States.
"While guns seized in Mexico of U.S. origin were traced to all of the 50 states, most came from Texas, California, and Arizona" the Government Accountability Office said in a report.
Dubai, UAE: Businesses and commercial enterprises in the Middle East are on the lookout for the latest in security solutions and foolproof monitoring systems, as they endeavour to ensure a safe and secure environment to conduct business. This increasing appetite and demand from the region for cutting-edge solutions using innovative technology, means international security and […]
When you're making that critical choice of where to eat out, you ideally want to find somewhere you can feel totally at home.
In a world of lavish eateries where style often goes before substance, it's refreshing to discover a place where you can choose food with confidence and relax without being baffled by a needlessly over-complicated menu.
Being able to do that puts you immediately at ease and means the only thing you have to think about is immersing yourself in conversation and enjoying your experience of the restaurant.
The Italian Connection on Cold Bath Road is one of those places - the food is fantastic, but what gives it such an edge over a lot of other places is the incredible warmth and friendliness of its staff, and It's easy to digest menu.
On a Saturday night the restaurant is full of families gathered around the dinner table like they would be at home, with children picking out familiar favourites they have come to love over their weekly visits.
It's a place where the waiters know their regulars very well and gently ask how someone dear to them is keeping.
It's also a place where the staff will go above and beyond to make sure you are having the perfect evening. No request is too small or large. “No asparagus with your pasta? No problem. Can we replace that with another vegetable for you?” - Just taking it out would be fine, but they show just that bit more thought which other places can often lack.
You don't feel rushed, either. All too often nowadays you can go to a restaurant and feel a bit pressured to eat at a ‘normal' pace and vacate your table for the next booking, but here you feel so welcome and relaxed that you forget the time.
Even when they're busy they don't press you or gently hint about whether you would like to order your next course or pay the bill, you can just chat to old friends with your surroundings as a cosy backdrop.
From pasta dishes to deliciously fresh salads, the menu has a wide range of dishes for the whole family. And if you go there every week and fancy a change from what you usually go for, the specials board has some good options to mix things up a little.
If you are looking for somewhere to have a big family get together or a catch-up with old friends, this might just be the place for you.
Google Wallet is one of the apps that does not receive updates on a regular basis for unknown reasons. Whenever the app has been updated, it brings in new and interesting features to the users.
Google Wallet has not received an update that takes it to the version number 20.0.158862257. The update brings in support for security-related features such as Google Account PIN and fingerprint authentication. Unfortunately, the Google Wallet app that demands to be highly secure has been missing out on the fingerprint authentication feature.
Fingerprint authentication
Most modern smartphones that are launched these days do arrive with a fingerprint scanner on board. These sensors keep our phones secure and also bring about additional features. With the addition of the fingerprint authentication feature to Google Wallet, users can handle the financial transactions in a secure way.
Google Account PIN
In addition to letting you add your fingerprint for authentication purpose, the Google Wallet app also lets you use the universal PIN system to stay secured. This is known as Google Account PIN and it works across all the Google applications. This way, you need not remember a separate PIN to access your Google Wallet.
Apart from the addition of fingerprint authentication and Google Account PIN, the update also adds visual improvements and bug fixes to the Google Wallet app. You can check the Google Play Store link to keep a track of the updates of this app. Also, if you are impatient to wait for the update to be rolled out, then you can try installing the APK of Google Wallet from a trusted source like APK Mirror.
80 % 80 DOPE A love letter to childhood, creativity and film, Dave McCary's debut has plenty to take from it. It's as warm and as fuzzy as you might expect but some of its surprises give it a darker edge than most of its fellow indie comedies which it could have made a little more of. 8
If someone had told me in January that come December I would be reviewing a film with Mark Hamill in it, I probably would have had my lightsaber and robe at the ready. If that same someone had told me then that I, in fact, was going to be seeing a film called Brigsby Bear about a six-foot teddy who battles a talking moon, I probably would have taken that lightsaber and hit them with it. I definitely would have put it somewhere best unsaid if they'd then told me that it might actually end up being better. Yet here we are.
Brigsby Bear tells the story of James, a twenty-five year old man obsessed with a children's television show which he is unaware is produced just for him. When it stops airing, his life completely transforms and he decides to complete the show himself. To say anything else would spoil many of the surprises that Dave McCary's debut has in store.
Brigsby Bear is an indie-gem full of charm. Performed with lovable charisma by Kyle Mooney, James provides the film with its laughs and its heart. His childlike innocence offers the ideal perspective for the exploration of the film's youthful joy. In the same manner as Be Kind Rewind, Son of Rambow or more recently Me and Earl and the Dying Girl, Brigsby Bear is a celebration of friendship and filmmaking. Much like those films it uses the on-screen camera as a symbol of imagination and companionship and takes it to new places. Here the camera gives James access to a world which is alien to him both literally and metaphorically, creating a wonderfully sentimental ode to children's tv and film.
As a result of this sentimentality, Brigsby fits into the ever-expanding category of nostalgia-porn, reveling in its looking back to childhood with a clear wish to return. Although, it is hard to see that as a negative here. Even though it makes consistent reference to times gone by and holds some similarities to the aforementioned films, McCary keeps things fairly original. It's first fifteen minutes hold a significant surprise which immediately lets you know this isn't exactly what you thought it might be. With this twist comes an underlying darkness to the film which separates it from many of its Sundance companions and keeps things interesting.
However, with such a heart-warming sentiment, some of the more interesting aspects of James' story are very much overshadowed (or perhaps that should be over-lit) by the film's lightness in tone. What is an incredibly intriguing set-up spirals out into a fairly straight-forward indie comedy about following your dreams, with only a few minor call-backs to the weightier subject matter at its core. It's only a small complaint though which hardly takes away from a generally warm and passion-enthused film, made with such a childlike love and excitement that it makes it easy to forgive them for building the film around that rather than the drama.
Brigsby Bear may not be Star Wars, and it doesn't need to be, but it may just be one of 2017's indie gems. It's a film made with a great deal of enthusiasm for both the form and what it represents and as a result it leaves you feeling as warm and fuzzy as Brigsby himself. It's not perfect, but in the very wise words of James ‘It's dope as shit!'
Brigsby Bear (2017), directed by Dave McCary, is distributed in the UK by Sony Pictures Releasing, certificate 15.
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, has proposed a new rule that restricts scientific research that can be used by the agency for its regulatory decisions.
The proposed rule only allows the use of studies that make all data publicly available for anyone to analyze. Pruitt proposed the new rule as a way to make the agency's decision-making more "transparent, objective and measurable."
"The American people ought to be able to have confidence, assurance, that the findings, the record that we build ... can be assessed, it can be evaluated, it can be analyzed," Pruitt said.
The Heartland Institute, a conservative think-tank, has commended Pruitt on the rule. "For decades, the EPA has improperly claimed massive power to regulate nearly every aspect of our economy and lives. It is long overdue that the EPA should make such data and collection methods available for public review and analysis," Tim Heulskamp, the think tank's president said in a statement.
But several scientific organizations have expressed concerns. "Our concern with this is they are quite literally limiting the best available science that can be used by the EPA," says Sean Gallagher, the senior government relations officer for the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The EPA's regulatory decisions are often based on epidemiological studies looking at the potential health effects of pollutants, like pesticides and particulate matter. "Those studies involve people like you and me, signing confidentiality agreements that the scientists doing the studies won't reveal my personal health information, like my vital statistics, or my death certificate, if I die during the course of the study," says Gallagher. "This is the kind of science that the EPA relies on, whether it looks at chemicals or particulates and their mortality or health effects. It involves private data."
And this private data can't be made public, he says. And so, it limits the studies available to the agency for any decision-making, he adds.
"It would not help make the science any more transparent," says Andrew Rosenberg, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, an advocacy group representing scientists.
When he proposed the new rule, Pruitt talked about a "replication crisis," referring to scientific studies that can't be reproduced. But that crisis applies more to the field of clinical trials, says Rosenberg, where new drugs are being tested for their efficacy.
"That's very different from what the EPA does," he adds. The agency often relies on studies that involve long-term surveys of exposure to certain environmental pollutants and associated health effects. "What are you supposed to do? Go back in time in five years and redo the survey? That's really a false flag."
The new rule would only restrict the science used by the agency and limit the agency's ability to protect public health, he says. It could affect the agency's ability to protect the public from everything from air and water pollutants to household products.
"The scientific process is [already] incredibly transparent," says Gallagher. "It's evidence-based, it follows the facts where they go. It tries to root out bias."
"The agency should be able to use all good, peer reviewed, scrutinized studies," he adds. "It shouldn't be limiting the science."
"I think this award, you are voted for from all the other players in all the leagues in England, is an unbelievable honour so you can be really proud and your family can be really proud."
Klopp has commended Salah's @PFA achievement: https://t.co/ojyZmpwyvU pic.twitter.com/d8SBC8Plir
The war over problematic monuments has claimed its first casualty in New York City: The statue of J. Marion Sims, the 19th Century gynecological and cancer surgeon, has been removed from its Central Park location by decision of the City Council.
Once hailed as a medical and humanitarian pioneer, Sims is now denounced as a racist butcher who perfected his craft through barbaric experiments on black female slaves.
The moral reassessment of America's past is an essential part of our progress, but are we moving from a simplistic idealization of past figures to an equally simplistic demonization?
There is no question that Sims' life and work raise difficult moral issues. Born in South Carolina, he set up a medical practice in Montgomery, Alabama, in 1840, specializing in surgery and gynecology.
In 1845-49, Sims worked on developing a surgical procedure to repair vesico-vaginal fistulas, a crippling complication from childbirth that results not only in severe pain but in incontinence. His patients-test subjects were slaves afflicted with the condition. The first of them endured 30 operations before the surgery was successful. None of the women received anesthesia.
The surgical breakthrough eventually benefited countless women. Sims, who later moved to New York and was president of the American Medical Association in 1876-77, was a pioneer in other ways as well. He founded the first women's hospital in the United States and played a key role in establishing the nation's first cancer hospital at a time when many hospitals refused to admit cancer patients in the mistaken belief that the disease was contagious. He pioneered the use of the speculum and artificial insemination.
To Sims' modern-day detractors, such as the Atlantic magazine writer Adam Serwer, the physician's achievements were built on the bodies of black women who were treated as chattel. Recent headlines have referred to Sims as “the surgeon who experimented on slaves,” making him sound like the American version of Dr. Joseph Mengele, the infamous Nazi who performed horrific experiments on concentration-camp prisoners.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
But the narrative of Sims' villainy omits many complicated facts. For instance, Sims, himself a slave owner, unquestionably shared many of his cultural milieu's racist beliefs. Yet in his memoirs, he wrote about his slave patients with surprising respect, even praising their “heroism and bravery.” He also asserted that he always obtained the women's full consent — though, of course, it is difficult to see such consent as particularly meaningful when the women were powerless. While some petitions for the removal of the Sims monument asserted that he did not use anesthesia because he believed black people were insensitive to pain, he wrote sympathetically about the “extreme agony” endured by an early patient.
The reality is that at the time of Sims' experiments, anesthesia was still in its infancy and was regarded as risky. Initially, Sims did not use it when operating on well-to-do white patients, either.
Serwer writes that Sims' experimentation on slaves cannot be separated from his achievements any more than the courage and honor of Confederate soldiers can be separated from their pro-slavery cause. But that analogy is flawed. Sims' goal was not to uphold slavery, but to find a treatment for an agonizing and humiliating affliction. It is virtually certain that he would have found willing subjects even in a non-slave society.
Perhaps, instead of being moved to Sims' burial place in Brooklyn, the statue should have been supplemented with a plaque honoring his first patients, Anarcha, Lucy and Betsey. It would have made for a richer and fuller understanding of history.
Cathy Young is a contributing editor to Reason magazine.
0:16 RAW: Richland receiver or Birdville defender. Who gets the jump ball? Pause
0:13 RAW: Bad blood boiling at Duncanville-Cedar Hill game
0:27 RAW: Trinity INT ends Carroll's opening drive
2:41 Plastic surgeon details surgery plan for patient who wants to look like Melania Trump
1:32 Body found inside a vacant home in southwest Fort Worth
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
Denver Post: In Aspen, 18 won't be old enough to buy a pack of cigarettes, other tobacco products
If you're 18 years old next year, you won't be old enough to buy a pack of cigarettes in Aspen.
In fact, anyone under the age of 21 in the posh Pitkin County resort town won't be able to purchase any tobacco products — including e-cigarettes — starting Jan. 1, 2018.
That's after the Aspen City Council on Monday passed an ordinance raising the minimum age of those who can purchase tobacco from 18 to 21 as part of efforts to curb tobacco addiction among young adults.
“Aspen is such a health-conscious town and our residents and guests enjoy life here for the clean air and exercise opportunities,” Aspen Mayor Steven Skadron said in a written statement. “Our leadership is essential in creating a city known for its healthy lifestyle and ethic. This law will positively contribute toward the goal of lowering smoking rates in young adults,”
The Daily Camera: Boulder declares intent to uphold Paris climate goals
The Boulder City Council unanimously passed a resolution Tuesday night to declare the city's “commitment to honor and uphold the Paris climate agreement goals.”
Boulder is one of hundreds of American municipalities to announce an intent to continue supporting the Paris agreement, from which President Donald Trump withdrew the U.S. — the world's second-largest polluter — on June 1.
More than 1,000 businesses and investors, as well as about 200 universities and colleges, have also issued declarations similar to Boulder's.
“It sends exactly the wrong message about the commitment to solving the massive challenge that is climate change,” Councilman Sam Weaver said of Trump's decision.
Denver Post: Residents and business owners divided on social marijuana rules and regulations in Denver
Among the main concerns Tuesday night at a public hearing on social marijuana use at Denver businesses were dual consumption of pot and alcohol, cannabis odors, visibility and protecting children from exposure to the drug.
The hearing at the Wellington E. Webb Municipal Office Building before Ashley Kilroy, Denver's executive director of marijuana policy, drew more than 100 people with dozens of speakers.
For the most part, lines were drawn with Denver residents supporting current proposals for rules and regulations, which have not yet been adopted, and marijuana business entrepreneurs saying that the proposed rules and regulations are overbearing.
Sherri Way, president of the West Washington Park Neighborhood Association, said the group board voted 11-0 recently to support current proposed regulations. Still, she voiced concerns about potential visibility of smokers on outdoor patios and asked for vigilance of outdoor buffers and residential zones.
Related Coverage Alabama beats Washington in Peach Bowl, Tide headed to Championship game
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) – Lane Kiffin isn't sticking around to run Alabama's offense in the national championship game.
Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban said Monday that Kiffin will leave to focus on his new job as Florida Atlantic's head coach. Incoming offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian will replace him for the Jan. 9 game against Clemson in Tampa, Florida.
Saban says he and Kiffin spoke following the semifinal game against Washington. He said with the time demands of handling both jobs, “we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU.”
Kiffin says it “was a very difficult decision, but it's a decision made in the best interests of the program.”
Below is the official release from the University of Alabama:
Lane Kiffin to Focus on New Head Coaching Job at Florida Atlantic
Steve Sarkisian to begin offensive coordinator duties for CFP National Championship Game
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. – University of Alabama head coach Nick Saban announced Monday that incoming offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian will assume his duties in advance of the upcoming College Football Playoff National Championship Game.
“We appreciate all that Lane has done for our football program over the last three years,” Alabama head coach Nick Saban said. “We sat down following the Washington game and talked about the time demands of managing both jobs, and we recognized that it is best for our players, and for Lane, that we allow him to turn his full attention to his new head coaching role at FAU.
“This wasn't an easy decision and we appreciate the way Lane handled this in terms of doing what is best for our team. At the end of the day, both of us wanted to put our players in the best position to be successful. Obviously, we are in a unique situation here where we have our next offensive coordinator already on staff. We have full confidence that Sark will step in right away and make this a smooth transition.”
“After going through these last couple of weeks, trying to serve the best interests of two universities as an offensive coordinator and a head coach, it became apparent that both programs would be better served by me giving all my time and efforts to being the head coach at FAU,” said Kiffin. “After meeting with Coach Saban during preparations last night and this morning, we mutually decided that it was in everyone's best interests for the players and the program for Coach Sarkisian to take over all responsibilities as offensive coordinator for the championship game. This was a very difficult decision, but it's a decision made in the best interests of the program. I look forward to helping Alabama win another championship, and would like to thank Coach Saban, the staff, and all the players and fans for the past three years at UA for an unforgettable time and championship run. Roll Tide!”
COURTESY ALABAMA SPORTS INFORMATION
Ammo Grrrll aspired to be A DIARIST FOR THE AGES. She writes:
Many years ago, I bought a six-volume set of the Diaries of Anais Nin, a famous Spanish-Cuban-French woman who chronicled every waking minute of her life in diaries. It inspired me to give it a go. Almost immediately, it became clear that she was living a much more exciting life than mine and that I was about to turn out the most boring and repetitive diary in the history of that, or any, literature.
Anais Nin (who is often a crossword puzzle answer now since “Anais” has so many vowels) wrote about having cocktails and deep conversations with Henry Miller and Gertrude Stein in Paris. She knew everyone who was anyone. She also – and I mean no “slut-shaming” judgment here – apparently had sex with everyone with a pulse on several continents. My diary quickly lapsed into grocery lists, recipes, restaurant meals I loved, and – here's a shock! – diet failures.
Even when I traveled to more interesting places than suburban St. Paul, Minnesota, the journal could have been marketed as a sleep aid: “Maui is really pretty. The people here are so nice. Why did I order Macadamia Nut Pie for dessert again? At breakfast. When I get back home, I really have to try that low-carb thing again.”
“Israel is really pretty. Also very historic. The people here speak Hebrew which I do not. There is only so far one can get with just the Torah blessing as conversation. The food is awesome, especially the Israeli Breakfast Buffet. I love the fresh-squeezed orange juice and the falafel stands, too. When we get home, I plan to try a juice fast.”
“Amsterdam is really pretty. The people are big and tall and blonde, like Minnesotans. They get Argentine beef here, which is really tender. I do not know why so many Dutch women sit in windows with most of their clothes off – what's up with that? I plan to try the Smoothie Diet when I get home. And then maybe sit in a bay window in my flannel nightie. Memo to self: discuss with Mr. AG if we should put in a bay window.”
Since the diary idea – called “journaling” in Lady Speak now – was such a bust, I am sticking to my strength, which is “list making.” Every single day since 7th grade, I have made a To-Do List and checked off every item. If I do something NOT on the list, I PUT it on the list. And then I check it off. It is important to me to feel like I am accomplishing something. Especially in retirement, when I consider it an accomplishment to know what day of the week it is.
Mr. AG once told me that Revolutionary Hero and 2nd President, John Adams, was an inveterate daily To-Do list maker. Although, while my list has items like “Drink 3 cups coffee”; “Floss twice”; “Meditate for 10 Minutes”; “Iron 4 pillowcases”; ”Think About Column”; “Maybe Start Writing Column”; and “Go to the Post Office”, John Adams' To-Do List was rather weightier:
“Contact Thom Jefferson as Writing Partner”
“Draft Declaration of Independence” with TJ
“Join 90 Revolutionary Committees, Chair 25” (Seriously)
“Brief Nap”
“Agree to be General Washington's VP”
Become known as “The Father of the Navy”
Run for President after George
And so on…
I have a t-shirt I bought during the Obama Ammo Drought Era at a gun show, using the famous “gunshow t-shirt exception” that allows you a free t-shirt with every fully-auto Uzi and sawed-off shotgun you buy with no background check. Just ask the Babbling Bimbo Gun Experts (of either gender) in The Media how easy that is. I wear that shirt a lot less since I got holes in it from bore cleaning fluid. But here is the message I was drawn to:
“AMERICA: Designed by Geniuses; Run by Idiots.”
We stand on shoulders so tall we could never be grateful enough. Yes, the World War II Generation was a Great Generation to be sure. They fought and died to preserve and protect the land and liberty they had inherited as a birthright and saved the world from fascism. But those patriots in the 1700s fashioned this Republic from whole cloth with no blueprint – the mind reels! What a crime that the anti-American left-wing lunatics in charge of educating our young people for several decades now will soon not teach the history! of these intellectual giants at all. Icky Old White Men! Who never said a word about men in dresses being able to potty amidst the actual ladies and girls!
And yet not a one of those NFL millionaire kneelers or howling harridans with their obscene signs and pink hats can point to a better system, a country with more opportunity for every single grievance group they represent. And if they can, why don't they move there?
If I believed that the United States were as anti-Semitic as the BLM people claim it is racist, I would move to Israel before I even finished this column.
The professional Grievance Grubbers promise every election to leave if their candidate loses and they never do. Liars and welshers as well as idiots. The countries they cite as Paradise have to erect barbed wire and high walls with gun turrets – Cuba, Venezuela, the former Soviet Union, North Korea, East Germany — to keep their delighted citizens IN. And we have to – please, God – have some sort of wall to keep invaders out, since our reputation as Racist, Sexist Deplorables is not, evidently, enough to deter them.
It's almost as if they know it isn't true!
Five years ago, a team of University of California San Diego neurobiologists published surprising findings describing how rats' brain cells adopted new chemical codes when subjected to significant changes in natural light exposure--much as humans suffer from "winter blues," the type of depression known as seasonal affective disorder. A new study implicates a role for light-induced electrical activity in controlling chemical codes.
In the earlier studies, the researchers showed for the first time that rats' nerve cells switched to a new chemical code when the animals were subjected to large shifts in their day and night cycles, demonstrating that adult mammalian brains are much more malleable than once believed.
At the time, the researchers were unclear about the mechanisms behind the code switching, which is mediated by chemical messengers known as neurotransmitters. How exactly does this plasticity work in the brain? Now, the scientists' results described April 23 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) identify the mechanism behind this neurotransmitter switching, with possible implications for chemical imbalances in the brain underlying mental illness.
In their PNAS study, Da Meng, Hui-quan Li, Stefan Leutgeb and Nicholas Spitzer of UC San Diego's Division of Biological Sciences, along with Karl Deisseroth of Stanford University, find that light-induced electrical activity in specific brain neurons lies at the root of the change in their neurotransmitters.
"In this paper we addressed the question of the regulatory mechanism enabling neurotransmitter switching," said Spitzer, senior author of the paper and co-director of the Kavli Institute for Brain and Mind. "We discovered that manipulating the electrical activity in the brain prevented the change in neurotransmitter identity that elicits the animals' anxious and depressed behavior. We think that this work opens the door to other studies of activity-dependent mechanisms in psychiatric disorders."
In the new findings, the researchers studied the change in neurotransmitter identity when rats, which are nocturnal, are exposed to long day lengths. This exposure led to elevated activity of paraventricular (PaVN) neurons in the hypothalamus and by consequence a loss in their expression of dopamine, a neurotransmitter that is linked with many aspects of normal behavior. When the researchers suppressed the elevation of activity that resulted from the long-day exposure, exclusively in the PaVN neurons, they blocked the transmitter switch that would have occurred under these normal light conditions.
The new studies render other mechanisms for the transmitter switch unlikely, including altered metabolism, hormonal stimulation or influence from other classes of cells.
"Because the long photoperiods are stressful to rodents (analogous to short-day photoperiods for people), the findings raise the possibility that various forms of stress may induce transmitter switching that contributes to the chemical imbalances in the brain underlying many psychiatric conditions," said Spitzer.
Implications of the findings could be relevant to autism spectrum disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder, areas the researchers are now investigating with their new results in hand.
###
A Howard Hughes Medical Institute International Predoctoral Fellowship and grants from the Ellison Medical Foundation and the W.M. Keck Foundation supported the research.
Ice Cream 2: 1401 River Road East, Kitchener. Open 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. during the summer season
With a selection of more than 30 different homemade flavours, Ice Cream 2 has become the ice cream destination of choice on the east end of Kitchener. Along with unique hard ice cream flavours, this establishment also has an assortment of offerings in terms of sundaes, parfaits and other sweet treats. You can also select a hard ice cream to turn into a cool milkshake or combine your two favourite flavours.
Four All Ice Cream: 141 Whitney Place, Unit 105, Kitchener. Open Thursday to to Saturday 12 to 8 p.m., Sundays 12 to 6 p.m.
If you're looking to support local business and agriculture, Four All Ice Cream is an option. Four All offers ice cream with locally-sourced supplies and it also offers vegan options for those who prefer to not consume animal products. With a constantly changing assortment of flavours, be sure to check out www.fourall.ca/flavors to see what's currently available. Can't make it to the main location during open hours? Four All is also available at these local retailers: www.fourall.ca/stockist.
Scoop du Jour: 11-21 Dupont St. E., Waterloo. Open daily 12 to 10 p.m. (Subject to weather)
Scoop Du Jour satisfies the childhood magic of the ice cream truck. While ice cream trucks may not be as common as they used to be, Scoop Du Jour has rekindled the magic that comes with it. The ice cream truck offers milkshakes, ice cream sandwiches, single or double scoops as well as cold brew shakes for those who need a wake-me-up.
Matter of Taste: 115 King St. W., Kitchener. Open Monday to Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 9 p.m., Saturday 8:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Sunday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Matter of Taste offers eight different gelato flavours that rotate often. Made by Christopher's Gelato — the owner of the former Whole Lot-A Gelata — the flavours and quality are time tested.
Chains: various.
If you're looking for a time-tested Dilly Bar from Dairy Queen or your favourite creation from Marble Slab, you have plenty of options. Franchises like Baskin-Robbins as well as pay-by-weight options such as Menchie's round out the corporately-owned choices.
Thanks to the constant developments in the country's economy, cultural landscape as well as social status, that Bangladesh today has been garnering much attention and curiosity from global travelers. Today, people from all around the globe are making plans to visit the various cities in Bangladesh. And this is what has propelled Godhakatravel.com to work towards coming up with discounted airfare that will enable travelers to travel within their budget. Keeping in mind the increased demand that has been coming up from Canada, today Godhakatravel.com has introduced cheap flights from Canada to Bangladesh enabling people to travel easy and within their budget.
Bangladesh is replete with some of the best tourist sites and attractions. Also, the popular cities to explore include Dhaka, the capital city, Chittagong and Sylhet. That aside, other prominent tourist sites and attractions in Bangladesh comprises of names like Cox's Bazar, Inani Beach, Saint Martin Island, Liberation War Museum, National Parliament House and many more. Other than that, travelers often rave about the authentic Bangladeshi cuisine which is an essential part of traveling. The country and its cities have also come up with some of the best cafeterias and high-end restaurants serving multi-cuisine delicacies. So when you have access to discount flight tickets to Bangladesh you have the chance to save and use your money in your vacation in a better way.
Over the years, customers of Godhakatravel.com have been appreciating the website for its simple and structured outlook. On searching for cheap flights from Canada to Bangladesh in the website customers have the access to all the flight details that they can read about and then decide on their booking. In addition to that, the website is known for its consistency and is always running up and down. The flight deals are always designed keeping in mind the requirements of the customers.
#Cheap Flights to Dhaka Bangladesh from the USA, #Flights from the USA to Bangladesh
Contact Us:
Email: sales@godhakatravel.com
Phone: 1-866-463-4252
Web: godhakatravel.com
Bob Glauber has been Newsday's national football columnist since 1992. He was Newsday's football writer covering the Jets and Giants, as well as the NFL, from 1989-91. He was selected as the New York State sportswriter of the year in 2015 and 2011 by the National Sports Media Association. Show More email twitter
t wasn't a direct Super Bowl guarantee, nor was there a prediction of when the Giants' next championship might come. But Odell Beckham Jr. has promised there will be another.
After another dazzling practice by the gifted receiver in which he produced yet another startling one-handed catch, Beckham offered an unmistakable assurance that he ultimately will be part of a championship run.
“See that banner? That's all I care about,” he said after being asked if he is concerned about the possibility of getting fewer catches because of the presence of Sterling Shepard and Brandon Marshall. “That's all I care about.”
He looked around the cavernous indoor practice facility and noted the huge championship banners, two of them at each end.
“I don't know where they'd put the fifth one,'' he said, “but they're going to have to make room because we need it.”
He named no time, date or year, just that there will be another Vince Lombardi Trophy for the Giants and that he'll be a part of it. Even if it means he'll have to sacrifice some individual statistics now that the Giants have more offensive weapons.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“We've got guys, Brandon coming in, Shep, we're trying to win games,” he said. “It's just about being the best.”
Beckham has been in the news plenty during his first three seasons, sometimes for the right reasons and sometimes for the wrong ones. His remarkable one-handed catch against Dallas as a rookie turned him into a sensation overnight, and there have been more catches — and more controversy — ever since. He is a social media magnet, a Twitter and Instagram click machine with his play, his comments, his pictures and sometimes with his silence.
The contentious final week of last season began with a picture of him and other receivers posing shirtless on a boat in South Beach and ended with a 38-13 wild-card rout by the Packers. But after a reflective offseason, he insists his mind is right.
“Personally, the way I feel mentally, physically, spiritually right now, I'm just in a better place,” he said. “Things are flowing. Just keep continuing to push them in the right direction.”
Beckham thinks his anguish over his awful playoff performance will wind up helping him and his teammates. He brought plenty of heat on himself by whisking off to Miami after the regular-season finale and then showing up on social media. He could have mollified his critics with a signature performance against the Packers, but he embarrassed himself instead. From coming out shirtless during warmups in frigid Green Bay, to having only four catches for 28 yards, to dropping a ball in the end zone, to leaving a hole in the locker-room wall, it was humiliating.
Giants videos
But after an offseason in which his absence from voluntary practices prompted questions about whether he was unhappy with his contract, Beckham has returned with renewed purpose. When asked how much the loss to the Packers has fueled his drive to win a championship, he said, “You have no idea.”
He takes you back to what could have been a transformative event but turned into a nightmare.
“I really thought about it and I'm thinking about it,” he said. “Even growing up, the Giants — historical team. The Packers — historical team. Lambeau Field, ice cold, perfect conditions, everything that you can dream of.”
And?
“Wasn't able to capture the moment,” he said. “And did it in a horrible way and a way that I woke up out of my sleep to. But I used that pain, and I turn it into positive energy. I posted it on Instagram the other day, I said, ‘If you can't see it, you're going to feel it.' And that's just how I feel. If you can't see where I'm at, then I'll make sure that you do.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Nothing less than a championship can undo the disappointment. He believes that time will come, and that a decision will have to be made about where to put that fifth Super Bowl banner.
Sindh IG Allah Dino Khawaja Monday (today) attended the 18th meeting of the Sindh Apex Committee in Karachi, as he resumed charge.
IG Khawaja had been sent on forced leave earlier, but after criticism from civil society and the court's stay, the Sindh government was forced to reconsider its decision.
Those present stressed the importance of eradicating street crime and drug mafia from the city. Chief Minister Murad Ali Shah chaired the meeting. Home Secretary Shakeel Mangnijo told those present that 16 terrorists had been executed so far and that the Sindh Legal Committee has cleared nine cases for military courts. “Currently, 19 cases are being heard in military courts,” he added.
Those present also decided to ask the federal government to crackdown on illegal weapons, factories and shops. Addressing the meeting, the chief minister said he wanted street crime eradicated from Karachi, Radio Pakistan reported. He also directed Mangnijo to shift anti-terrorism courts from Clifton to Karachi's Central Jail.
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Jack Nicklaus was good enough to win the U.S. Open as an amateur, and he nearly did.
Nicklaus was a 20-year-old U.S. Amateur champion at Cherry Hills, leading by one shot with six holes to play until he missed too many short putts and Arnold Palmer capped off a signature charge to win the 1960 U.S. Open.
That explains why Nicklaus had a wry smile when asked if he regarded Marty Fleckman as a threat 50 years ago in the U.S. Open.
Fleckman was a 23-year-old amateur, an NCAA champion at Houston and winner of the Texas State Amateur. He had a one-shot lead over Nicklaus, Palmer and Billy Casper in the final round in 1967 at Baltusrol.
Advertisement
“Let me put it this way,” Nicklaus said. “He was leading after 54 holes. He had a very good chance to win the Open.”
But he didn't.
Amateurs just don't win the U.S. Open anymore, bad news for the 14 amateurs at Erin Hills this week. The last amateur winner was Johnny Goodman in 1933, and there's little evidence that will change. Fleckman and Jim Simons in 1971 were the last ones to have a 54-hole lead.
Fleckman shot 80 in the final round that day, quickly stepping aside for a brief Nicklaus-Palmer duel that ended with Nicklaus by four shots, the second of his four U.S. Open titles. Fleckman drove up to Rhode Island the following week and won the prestigious Northeast Amateur at Wannamoisett.
The U.S. Open, for 83 years and counting, belongs to the pros.
“It was a wonderful experience,” said Fleckman, the director of golf instruction at Blackhorse Teaching Center in Texas. “I got off to a shaky start. I knew I couldn't win any money, so I tried to attack the golf course. You don't really attack a U.S. Open venue, and I paid the piper.”
Simons was a threat to the end at Merion. He was one shot behind going to the 18th hole until making a double bogey to finish three shots out of a playoff that Lee Trevino won the following day over Nicklaus.
Goodman had such a big lead that he shot 76 and still won the U.S. Open. He later won the U.S. Amateur.
Bobby Jones in 1930 at Hoylake is the last amateur to win the British Open. No amateur has ever won the Masters, which also has had its share of close calls, most notably Ken Venturi in 1956 until he shot 80 on the last day.
The amateurs at Erin Hills are facing Dustin Johnson and Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Jason Day. The gap between the pros and the amateurs is growing by the year, especially as the competition at the professional level is stronger than ever.
“If it's going to be done, it would be at the U.S. Open, where you can get on the good side of the draw and par is a good score and you're not giving anything to the field,” Spieth said. “I imagine it will be done.”
Not by him. He was low amateur in 2012, but he wasn't the best teenager at Olympic Club until it was over and 17-year-old Beau Hossler stumbled at the end.
Jordan Niebrugge, who was to hit the opening tee shot at Erin Hills on Thursday, was the low amateur at St. Andrews in the 2015 British Open, and he wasn't even the amateur attraction that week. Paul Dunne of Ireland shared the 54-hole lead with Day and Louis Oosthuizen, but fell back quickly and shot 78.
Dunne also is at Erin Hills. Much like Fleckman in 1967, the Irishman looks back on that final round as a great experience sprinkled with regrets.
“Major golf courses seem to be set up as different tests from any other week,” Dunne said. “Because of that, it can take a few people by surprise. And it can take an amateur by surprise to get in a position he didn't think he'd be in the first place.”
Dunne, Spieth and Nicklaus would not rule out an amateur winning a major. So why hasn't it happened?
The simple answer is because they turn pro.
Jon Rahm was low amateur at Oakmont last year in the U.S. Open. After a year of playing PGA Tour competition, he is No. 10 in the world and a threat to win this week. Spieth turned pro during his sophomore year at Texas. His game matured against the best.
Dunne also considered sheer numbers.
“The amateur game is strong,” Dunne said. “The top end amateurs, everyone is quite professional in hos they go about their business. It's hard to see it happening because there are so few amateurs. If you took the top 75 ranked players, and let in the next 75 top amateurs, you'd definitely have an amateur winner in a few years.”
Nicklaus still believes if a player is good enough, he can win anywhere, like he almost did in 1960. A year later, still an amateur, Nicklaus tied for seventh in the Masters and tied for fourth in the U.S. Open. And the year after that, he beat Palmer in a playoff at Oakmont for the first of his 18 majors.
“Most of them don't stay amateur very long,” Nicklaus said of today's crop. “If I had stayed amateur, do I think I would have won it? Yeah. You have amateurs who are good players, but they usually turn pro before they get real good.”
One East Texas city is finding success in dealing with the homeless issue through a resourceful initiative, putting them to work.
We see the homeless often on the streets and alleys of our cities."Everybody deserves dignity, and a chance to be proud of themselves.
And sometimes you slip into a situation that's hard to get out of without someone helping you out of that hole," says Longview mayor Dr. Andy Mack.
Mack needed something to address the problem.
"Homelessness is something everybody wants to sweep under the rug, and this issue needed a solution," Mack says. The proposed answer? Trash. More specifically, picking it up.
In partnership with House of Disciples, the homeless get paid 8 dollars an hour to pick up trash, and the program has started to pay off on both ends.
"When someone walks through the door and says I need a job I need help I need something to better me and bridge me out of the poverty situation I'm in. Dignity plays a role in that and we want to put that back in people's lives," says House of Disciples director Tim Wiseman.
"They have picked up over 300 bags of trash, 55-gallon bags of trash that's 50 bags a week. We're doing something for them, but they are doing something for us. What I'm most pleased about is how our community has embraced this idea" the mayor says. And a way back for those who want it.
"Homeless individuals that want a way out of this lifestyle, have a way out," Mack says. For those who choose to accept it, the House of Disciples also offers a recovery program to those involved in the 'homeless work initiative' who suffer from alcohol or drug addiction.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
GENETICS can reveal many buried secrets about our past. An extramarital dalliance. The origins of our ancestors. But, in this case, it has revealed that men almost exterminated themselves some 7000 years ago.
The genetic indicators have been there for some time.
It's called the “Neolithic Y-chromosome bottleneck”.
It's a point in our stone-age past when our genetic diversity suddenly choked.
At least among the male-transmitted genes.
DELVE DEEPER: The archaeology of Star Wars tells us a lot about ourselves
After a period of some 2000 years of decline, there was only one fertile male left alive to mate with every 17 women.
It's an event recorded in the bloodlines that have emerged across the world.
Previously, academics felt this may have had something to do with the way our ancestors explored and settled new lands. It was called the ‘founder effect', where a small number of individuals keep moving to establish new settlements.
But a new study published in the science journal Nature puts forward a much more brutal proposal.
Men killed most of each other off.
COULDRON OF CHANGE
Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East may have been consumed by carnage between 5000 and 7000 years ago. And, as fathers pass their Y-chromosome on to their sons, entire families must have been exterminated over wide areas.
It was a time when the world population is estimated to have been somewhere between five and 20 million people. To leave such a stark genetic imprint behind, some 9.5 million men must have been killed.
Why?
The Stanford University team blames “competition between patrilineal kin groups”.
Otherwise known as tribalism.
Clans form from common ancestors. They establish a strong group identity. This, in turn, promotes a sense of difference and competition with separate nearby clans.
EXPLORE MORE: Why the supermodel version of history hurts
The researchers say these pressures came to a head shortly before the first civilisation emerged in Sumeria about 4000 years ago.
“The presence of such groups results in violent intergroup competition preferentially taking place between members of male descent groups, instead of between unrelated individuals,” the researchers write.
“Casualties from intergroup competition then tend to cluster among related males, and group extinction is effectively the extinction of lineages.”
Essentially, the victorious clans would exterminate their opponent's menfolk to ensure ongoing dominance and the eradication of potential competition. They would then seize the surviving women.
WORLD WAR ZERO?
According to the researcher's data, the carnage would have been horrific. The slaughter was so intense that just one twentieth of the entire male population survived.
The fighting must have persisted for generations. And the first signs of civilisation arose from the ashes.
Their hypothesis goes something like this:
Human society began to evolve away from nomadic hunters towards farming communities about 12,000 years ago. Suddenly, they had possessions. Resources were finite. And as clans had begun to settle in one place, intruders were unwelcome.
RELATED: Could we discover a pre-human civilisation?
Such groups evolved systems of organisation based on family membership — generally focused on the male chief of the clan. In terms of chromosomes, it would have appeared as though every male member of a clan had the same father.
Wiping out a clan would wipe out their unique Y chromosome markers.
The victorious clan would then expand to fill the void left behind.
This hypothesis is only a model. There is no direct evidence of such a world-spanning conflict. It's possible a male-specific disease could also have caused such carnage.
But, circumstantially, such brutal clan cleansing seems feasible.
BOONE, N.C. (AP) — Two people are dead in North Carolina after a home they were in collapsed.
News outlets report that the Boone Police Department confirmed the deaths. Rescuers responded to the scene about 5 p.m. on Wednesday. The victims have not been identified.
Outlets report that the collapse is believed to have been caused by severe weather in the area.
Gov. Roy Cooper on Wednesday declared a state of emergency for his hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
Cooper said, “This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts.”
Comments
comments
× Dam Release, Warm Weather Boosts Whitewater Rafting Business This Weekend
PENN FOREST TOWNSHIP — The Francis E. Walter Dam is holding its last water release of the year this weekend.
The release is the start of a busy weekend for whitewater rafting companies along the Lehigh River.
“We're getting about 3,000 cubic feet per second out of the dam, which is about three times the normal dam release and it's really perfect level out there,” Pocono Whitewater River Manager Andy Fogal said.
With the warmer temperatures expected Saturday and Sunday paired with the Columbus Day weekend, Pocono Whitewater employees said they've already got plenty of people signed up rafting this weekend.
“Three things make up a good river trip,” Fogal said. “It's the weather, the time of the year and the water levels and this Saturday, especially, kind of hits all three on the head.”
Pocono Whitewater employees are taking full advantage of the weather and the release. They said this will probably be the busiest weekend they have before they close for the season.
The dam release will end at 1 p.m. Sunday.
Malawi Congress Party's hope to purge Richard Msowoya and Gustave Kaliwo for allegedly scheming against its leader, will not end this month.
The party, which had summoned the two to a disciplinary hearing to resolve the wrangle in the boardroom, now has to wait a little longer as the court injunction Msowoya and Kaliwo obtained on Thursday means the disciplinary hearings—scheduled for February 9, 10, and 17—have been suspended.
The High Court in Blantyre has given the five MCP alleged ‘rebels'—party vice-president Msowoya, second deputy president Macdonald Lombola, secretary general Kaliwo, deputy secretary general James Kaunda and treasurer general Tony Kandiero—14-day respite effective February 2, to submit inter-partes summons.
This also means the five will continue to hold their positions until the court holds inter-partes hearing and issues a different order.
In letters, dated January 29 2018, inviting Msowoya and Kaliwo to a disciplinary hearing, MCP spells out offences that the suspended senior party officials have committed to warrant disciplinary actions against them.
The party says Msowoya and Kaliwo have been disloyal to the party president and broke party protocol by recognising Jessie Kabwila as the party's publicity secretary.
Kabwila, alongside party members Felix Jumbe, legislator for Salima Central and Lilongwe Mapuyu South lawmaker Joseph Njobvuyalema were suspended on September 1 2017, for allegedly plotting with others to “take over” and/or destroy the party's headquarters in Lilongwe.
The letters signed by the party's newly appointed administrative secretary Wickford Sulamoyo also accuse Msowoya and Kaliwo of holding secret meetings where they allegedly discussed how to disrupt the party's meetings.
Reads a letter to Msowoya: “In cohorts with Mr Gustave Kaliwo and other persons you have schemed against the party's leadership and shown disloyalty towards the party. In furtherance of this, you have held secret meetings, including one held on January 12 2018 at Mr Kaliwo's offices, where strategies were discussed on how to disrupt the party's meetings.”
While a letter to Kaliwo, apart from accusing him of recognising Kabwila at a rally in Mzuzu and Mzimba, and during radio interviews on Zodiak and other stations in December 2017, unilaterally, without consulting the leadership of the party, called for an emergency convention and proceeded to publicly issue notices of the convention.
“Even if you had been duly mandated to call for a convention which is denied, you sent invitations to persons who had since, to your knowledge either passed away or indeed, voluntarily left the party and joined other parties,” reads Kaliwo's letter in part.
The party also accuses Kaliwo of gross incompetence and negligence, and creating and running parallel structures.
“You failed to complete the reconstitution of the Kwacha Trust despite being instructed to do so. You failed to complete on the job descriptions for office-bearers as requested by the party leadership. You failed despite being duly served with notice to attend meetings of management committee and the NEC since August 2016 without reason and/ or communicating the same to the party's leadership,” further reads the letter.
While James Chatonda Kaunda, deputy secretary general, is being accused of belonging to and holding a position in another political party known as Democratic People's Congress (Depeco).
Kaunda and Kabwila were not immediately available to respond to the accusations.
But, in a brief interview yesterday, Msowoya said the matter is with his lawyers.
On his part, Kaliwo said the disciplinary action against them is MCP leadership's failure to admit that the party has been doing things wrongly.
He said he will continue recognising Kabwila as the party's publicity secretary because his office has no records indicating that she was fired.
“There is no reason to remove Kabwila as a publicity secretary. I was not party to the decision to remove Kabwila, and even if I were there, I could have advised against the decision because it was unconstitutional. I will continue recognising Kabwila as MCP publicity secretary,” said Kaliwo.
He said other charges levelled against him were disgraceful, because they are not true.
“I did not call for the convention. More than half the party's district chairpersons petitioned to call for a meeting. I was only the conduit,” he said.
On charge of incompetence, Kaliwo said the party wanted to benefit from his skills for free.
“They wanted to use my skills to reconstruct the Kwacha Trust without paying for it. If I was to do it, it could have been a favour. How ungrateful for the party to call me incompetent when I did not do them a favour,” said Kaliwo.
On accusations that he failed to develop job descriptions for some positions in the party, he said he could not have done that because the said positions were not in the party's constitution.
“Illegal people were appointed to illegal positions. If the positions exist why were they asking me to develop job descriptions? They wanted to use my professional skills as a lawyer without paying for it?” wondered Kaliwo.
He also said the meeting on January 12 2018 could not be described as secretive because the group communicated to the party president what they discussed.
Asked on the way forward after High Court judge Healey Potani on Thursday ordered that Msowoya and Kaliwo should retain their positions pending a review, MCP secretary general Eisenhower Mkaka said the ruling was self-explanatory regarding the proceeding on the disciplinary action.
“The ruling is explaining our next course of action,” he said, adding that he could not comment further as he had not yet seen the letters.
Political analyst Happy Kayuni, who is head of political and administrative studies at University of Malawi's Chancellor College, yesterday described the current challenges in MCP as a manifestation of problems political parties face in the country and in Africa in general.
“The problems in MCP now are an indication of the party's failure to deal with the problems when they started. Each organisation needs to have formal and informal processes of dealing with problems. What matters is how the organisation deals with their problem informally.
“The disciplinary action is a formal process which indicates that the party failed to deal with the problem informally when it started. The offences cited by the party are just an excuse to legitimise the justification of their action to fire some people in the party,” he said.
The post Battle rages on in MCP appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
A little heart-to-heart in the wake of a heavy reality before we head into the weekend.
Happy Friday, friends. How was your week?
I feel like an asshole even saying that.
We're all on the same page, I imagine: Thrilled it's Friday. Eager for a little downtime. Happy to have something to look forward to and feeling a bit guilty for thinking exactly that. Still reeling in sadness, confusion and a yearning for palpable clarity and change in the wake of Las Vegas.
Yeah. I'm right here with you.
I know I said I was going to post a bit more of my travel content this week, but after the inexplicable tragedy that struck last Sunday I just couldn't bring myself to hit publish. Or do much of anything else beyond emotionally refreshing my news feed.
I haven't had much to say on the blog this week for many reasons (the aforementioned, mainly), but I've felt like I need to kickstart myself back to a state of “normalcy” and I knew talking about it with you authentically and up-front was the best way to do so. (That's me, though.)
I'll post my weekly link series tonight, but for now I'm just going to brain-dump… A little heart-to-heart of sorts that I hope you'll benefit from too.
Life is confusing right now.
We talked about that in an “Unpolitical Post” I wrote earlier this year, but in sum:
“I've kept our community free of my own personal views, but that's not because I don't have an opinion; it's because I like to keep it light. (And quite frankly, if you wanted to debate or consume political information, all you have to do these days is open your Internet browser.)
Like you, perhaps, I struggle with how to share my opinion in a way that's informative, open-minded, meaningful and non-isolating to anyone. And when you have a platform, voicing an opinion is really intimidating. Like, am I missing any sides of the issue? Do I even know what the fuck I'm talking about?”
Tragedy consumes us in reflection.
Personally, when my heart is heavy, I turn the dialogue inward — sometimes for longer periods at a time.
I fear for my future and that of my friends and family (and you guys). I worry about our relationship with good ‘ol Mother Earth. I spiral in doubt about whether I'm really doing enough to make even the slightest dent of a difference. I feel guilty for not using my platform more vocally.
Voicing your beliefs and contributing to change is important, I know, but I've always felt that where I can make a difference or offer a sliver of value is through the form of empowerment.
(Remember that as I'm going to mention it again later: Where you can offer value.)
Life is all about accountability, right?
//
So, here's a story from my week:
Yesterday, I went to a new(ish) boutique fitness studio with Jess called “Chill.” It's part yoga, part meditation — and I've been putting it off for a long time. I'm very bad at meditating. I'm very bad at sitting still, actually.
So I found reasons not to go — despite the fact that Jess speaks so highly of the studio and the experience.
A huge reason for this — and it pains me to admit it — is because I haven't really exercised since teaching my final SoulCycle class.
That was nearly 11 weeks ago.
… Yeah.
And that's not to say I haven't tried. But that's a brain dump for another day.
So I went.
And it felt good. It felt really good to just — well, move my body.
I felt vulnerable. And scared. Like everyone was staring at me looking for an explanation or something. (As far as I know, no one was, lol.) We push ourselves into that spiraled state of mind way too much, don't we?
For a lot of the class — mainly the meditation aspect — I cried.
Not loudly or outwardly, just to myself. But I didn't fight it. It was embarrassing and uncomfortable and painful, but it was also a release. And I knew I needed it.
I cried for the unimaginable things happening in our world and for all of the people suffering as a result. For the helplessness felt when we spiral ourselves around wondering what to do. And I cried in longing for the space in my life where I was once able to physically step up as a leader and a healer through my job as a fitness Instructor.
A release is generally what I need to get un-stuck from a cycle of helplessness, fear, vulnerability and so on. It's usually uncomfortable. (You're nodding, yes?)
//
We'll touch on my current relationship with fitness at a later date (promise) — but for today, the point of what I'm saying is this:
Again, life is really confusing — consistently so, it seems.
But harboring hatred because you feel confused, angry, hurt or helpless (on a personal and/or communal level) is like drinking poison and expecting someone else to suffer. Obsessing over whether or not you're doing every little thing to be a better person won't actually make you a better person. And most of the time, we'll ultimately never be able to comprehend the question of why.
I know. It's not fair.
But here is what we can do:
Wake up, do your best and be thankful for all of it at the end of each day.
If you don't know where to start, do something. Anything. Do the opposite of nothing.
Start small. Look in the mirror. Love the fuck out of yourself.
Take your time. Speak up. Get off social media. Don't become numb to tragedy or allow the relationship between change and our world to feel overwhelming. Be positive. Be genuine. Give back within your means.
Smile. Don't point fingers. Make everyone around you feel like they matter. Never underestimate your impact. Be kind to literally everyone and accept that the only way we really, truly, leave our footprint in this world is by impacting each other's lives for the better.
Stop putting whatever it is that you want on hold. Learn to rest, not quit. Don't let your fears control you. Embrace the uncomfortable moments — that's growth. Lean into your vulnerabilities. Release.
Live compassionately, joyfully and without regret — and don't feel guilty that you have the opportunity to do so.
In these moments of mayhem, focus on the little ways you can (and do) add value to our world. Remember that everything you do has a ripple effect…
To hold yourself back from connection, joy, love, and truly living the fuck out of your life (that is so damn precious) would indeed be giving “them” the victory that we'll never let them win.
Life is raw, unfair, constantly confusing and often unexpected — but it is also beautiful… It really is. So while you're able to, don't forget to look around and see for yourself.
I hope you have a really good weekend — and I hope that you see to it that someone else does too.
All my love,
Hallie x
//
Endless love and respect to every single person who was living their best life at the Route91 Harvest in Las Vegas on Oct. 1, 2017.
"Oklahoma's louder, A&M's louder, Texas is on the bubble, Nebraska was definitely louder. ... LSU's is louder. I never went to Alabama. We beat Alabama, but it was at Kentucky," he said. "Depending on or not whether you add the cowbells, Mississippi State's comparable, Georgia's louder, Florida's louder. Definitely that one end zone of South Carolina's louder. Tennessee's louder."
"Little Rock Arkansas, that's the loudest place I ever played. Entirely concrete structure. It's as if you held a football game in the neighbour's basement and all the kids were yelling louder than hell," he added.
The Cougars have piped in noise at practice to prepare. Leach said the team is always working on its nonverbal communications.
ANOTHER LEACHISM: Washington State fans rushed the field in Pullman following Friday night's victory, and Leach drew laughs when he described the celebration.
"It's like Woodstock, except everybody's got their clothes on," he said.
In the end, though, the Pac-12 fined Washington State $25,000 for the postgame celebration. The league cited safety in adopting a rule last year on fines for both court and field storming.
WOUNDED DUCKS: In addition to Herbert, the Ducks lost running back Royce Freeman and receiver Dillon Mitchell to injury in the first half against Cal. Both Freeman and Mitchell are starters. Oregon was already missing receiver Charles Nelson because of a right ankle sprain.
Taggart officially listed those players as "day-to-day" earlier in the week, although Freeman practiced on Thursday. Herbert's broken collarbone will keep him out for "a while," the coach said.
Junior linebacker Kaulana Apelu fractured his ankle against the Golden Bears and is out for the season.
CHEESEBURGER, CHEESEBURGER: What does going on the road mean to Cougars running back Jamal Morrow? Cheeseburgers.
The team is treated to burgers on its Alaska Airlines flights for road games. "I'm really excited to play an away game," Morrow said.
___
AP Sports Writer Nick Geranios in Washington contributed to this report.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
By Anne M. Peterson, The Associated Press
A Japanese bartender has translated the top three insults used by Kyotoites that are cleverly disguised as compliments.
A bartender and Buddhist monk who goes by the Twitter handle @bozu_108 tweeted on June 30 the top three phrases people living in Kyoto like to use, which sound like compliments, but are actually insults, reports SoraNews24.
The first phrase refers to a person's clothing. When someone from Kyoto notes how “fashionable” a person's clothes are, they are actually thinking about how weird the outfit is.
It's easy to smile when being complimented about one's clothes, but in Kyoto it's better to not take it too seriously unless the speaker is a familiar face.
The second phrase to look out for involves a person's face. Monk @bozu_108 explained that when someone says a person has a “kind-looking face,” it's like saying that person is just plain ugly. In Filipino, there is a similar phrase. When one person would ask whether a specific person was pretty or handsome, the response would be, “He/she is nice.”
Last but not the least, this phrase has something to do with intellect. The Japanese word “omoshiroi” refers to things that are interesting, comical or fun. Hearing this referring to a person may suggest that he or she may be good company, but in Kyoto it may just mean that a person is not right in the head or weird in a bad way.
Thanks to the Japanese culture of being polite, it can sometimes be hard to tell if someone is being sincere or sarcastic. In the case of Kyoto, the underlying sarcasm in suspiciously nice compliments should be something to take note of.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Several Cambridge United players had their hands on their heads at the final whistle, summing up a frustrating afternoon after conceding an equaliser in stoppage time.
But while the 1,300-plus throng of vocal travelling supporters were no doubt feeling the same way after Ollie Palmer snatched a goal at the death to earn Leyton Orient a point, there was no moping coming from their section of the stand.
Shaun Derry recognised that and gave them a warm round of applause, knowing if, as expected, his players respond to what is effectively a minor setback in the same manner as the fans, there will be no worries about United coming off the rails.
Notts County were visiting the Cambs Glass Stadium today to round off United's festive programme and Derry explained how he hoped his side would wipe Saturday's late agony from the memory bank and concentrate on getting 2017 off to a winning start.
He said: “I always say to the guys ‘don't live in the past, live in the moment and look around the corner'.
“We've achieved fantastic things over the last three months and I was gutted for the 1,500 fans that made the trip, but I think you could judge from the way we were clapped off, how much they appreciate us as well.
“We have to move on. It's a real close turnaround and we're playing Notts County now, so the focus has to be on that.”
Aside from the lapse in injury time that allowed Palmer to knock a deflected shot under the dive of the deceived Will Norris, United had rarely been in any real danger at the back.
Norris produced a save from Sandro Semedo and Paul McCallum in either half, but had little else to do.
Semedo was kept largely under wraps by Brad Halliday, who put in another excellent shift both defensively and in supporting United's attacking play, while Greg Taylor enjoyed a great battle with Gavin Massey on the opposite flank.
Massey provided Orient's biggest threat with his ability to turn and move quickly, but his better work came when he moved inside and looked to take on someone else such was the quality of the left-back's positioning.
And with James Dunne on top form, shielding the United backline with real energy and command, it appeared there would only be one winner after Harrison Dunk had put United in front.
Dunk's finish may not have been the prettiest, stabbing home from close range after Luke Berry had had a couple of efforts blocked, but it was no more than the visitors deserved, even midway through the first half.
While the hosts gave it a go in the opening stages of the second half, United soon regained control of the situation.
But the ruthless edge that has been a feature in recent weeks when Derry's side smell blood just was not there to carry on where Dunk had left off.
For all the rough ride Uche Ikpeazu gave the Orient defence, he was unable to truly test home keeper Alex Cisak and sometimes tried to do too much himself when other options were available.
He did manage to get the ball in the net midway through the second half by touching home Dunk's mis-hit strike, following good work by Berry, but the flag had already gone up for offside.
Berry had a great chance soon after only for it to be blocked, while Dunk somehow headed onto the crossbar at the far post from Halliday's cross from the right with the goal gaping.
Max Clark made an impact when he came on, doing his bit to break up play and set wheels in motion going forward.
And he gave Cisak his biggest test with a well-struck 25-yard effort that the keeper did well to push away.
But 1-0 is a slender advantage and United were made to pay for spurning their opportunities, while still going back up the M11 with a point.
Derry was philosophical about the outcome afterwards given the run United have been on in recent times.
He said: “I'm pleased with the levels of performance the boys are producing at this minute in time, but clearly disappointed with the last 30 seconds of the game.
“If we were a little more ruthless in certain moments, it would have been difficult for the Orient to snatch something from the game.
“But fair credit to Andy (Edwards, Orient boss) and his team. We knew after two home wins they'd come out right to the very last minute, so you have to give credit to the opposition as well.
“I think if anybody was to have asked us six games ago if we'd have taken this, five wins and a draw, we'd have been snapping their hands off.”
The Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 sites, being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse, a business unit of Toshiba, near Waynesboro, Georgia, U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken February 2017. Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
A U.S. bankruptcy judge on Thursday cleared Westinghouse Electric Co, a unit of Japan's Toshiba Corp (6502.T), to borrow an initial $350 million to support the company's global operations while it restructures operations.
Westinghouse filed for Chapter 11 on Wednesday in the wake of billions of dollars in cost overruns at two U.S. nuclear power plants it is building in the U.S. Southeast.
The Pittsburgh-based company said the loan will support its profitable operations, such as nuclear maintenance and fuels businesses, some of which are in Europe and not part of the bankruptcy.
U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Michael Wiles in Manhattan approved the loan but demanded changes to protect Westinghouse from being on the hook for repaying money that was supporting non-bankrupt businesses, which are beyond the reach of the company's creditors.
A Westinghouse adviser testified the loan was needed to reassure European customers that the company could carry out its work, which would boost the overall value of Westinghouse and contribute to an eventual reorganization or sale of the company.
An affiliate of Apollo Global Management (APO.N) has agreed to provide the loan to Westinghouse, which can seek court approval to borrow up to $800 million.
The V.C. Summer project in South Carolina and the Vogtle project in Georgia are the first new U.S. nuclear power plants in three decades. Construction on both plants is around one-third complete and billions of dollars over budget.
Westinghouse was hired by the utilities in 2008 to design and construct the plants using its new AP1000 reactors, which were originally expected to begin producing power this week.
The utilities that own the troubled projects in South Carolina and Georgia said they would assess their viability by April 28.
"We're facing a stark choice: shut down because (Westinghouse) no longer wants to provide support, or step in and take on direct payment of workers and vendors," Greg Gordon, a lawyer for Southern Co's (SO.N) Georgia utility told the court on Thursday.
Executives from SCANA Corp (SCG.N), which owns the majority of the South Carolina project, said on a conference call on Wednesday they preferred to finish the work.
Westinghouse is building AP1000 plants in China, and that country's State Power Investment Corp said on Thursday it still expected the first of four planned reactors to begin producing electricity this year.
Westinghouse also won approval on Thursday from British regulators for its AP1000 reactor design.
“Every single decision I've made in my 22 years is for the good & the sake of Arsenal. Even when it was the wrong decision, my one priority was to do well for the club” @BBCOne teatime news report on the start of Arsene Wenger's farewell to Arsenal after 22 years in charge #AFC pic.twitter.com/PELJAU7FQl
Happy New Year. Now it's 2017, we will be writing page 1 of 365; let's make this year a bestseller. Not only do we have our resolutions and Colorado Bucket Lists, but we are getting ready for a new month with new fashion events. As always, we have got you covered with some of the coolest fashion events in the Mile High City.
Neiman Marcus Events
Where: Cherry Creek Shopping Center, 3030 E 1st Ave, Denver
Oscar de la Renta Trunk Show
When: January 5 – 6; 10a.m. – 5p.m. / Fine Apparel, Level Two
The Lowdown: View the latest collection of exquisite design.
Armani Collezioni Trunk Show
When: January 20; 10a.m. – 5p.m. / Fine Apparel, Level Two
The Lowdown: Featuring the classic and timeless styles of Armani in luxurious fabrics.
Sip, Spiel and Sew: An Intro to Sewing
When: Sunday, January 8 at 6 p.m.
Where: Denver Design Incubator — 2040 Clay St. Denver
Admission: FREE
The Lowdown: Sometimes you have to take it back to the basics. Sewing is a basic talent of many fashion lovers but is somewhat of a lost skill. Marlee of Marlee J Designs will be sipping and sewing the night away and you should join in. Home sewing machines will be provided to make tie quilts.
Colorado Bridal Show
When: Sunday, January 8, 12 – 4 p.m.
Where: The Curtis Hotel – 1405 Curtis St. Denver
Admission: $8 (TICKETS HERE )
The Lowdown: Did bae pop the question over the holidays? This bridal show can get you all together in one day. It's rare to plan your wedding in one day but that is how amazing this showcase will be. They have produced over 25 bridal shows in the Mile High City so you will definitely be in good hands. There will be discounts galore. You can expect to be wowed by caterers, honeymoon & destination wedding vendors, wedding cakes, florists along with a long list of wedding essentials. You could find your dream honeymoon and wedding cake all in a day's work.
Civic Center NOSH and POSH
When: January 12 – April 13
Where: Civic Center Park -101 W. 14th Ave., Denver
Admission: Free
The Lowdown: Fashion trucks and food trucks? What more could a Coloradan ask for? Civic Center Park has designed a super cool way to help you plan your lunch break. It will happen every Thursday through April from 11: 30 a.m. until 1:30 p.m. Grabbing a delectable bite from the array food trucks and then snag a local gem from the dope fashion trucks. I don't know about you but food and fashion will always win us over.
fab'rik's 2nd Birthday
When: Saturday, January 20, 6-9 p.m.
Where: 7301 S. Santa Fe Drive, Suite 518 Denver
Admission: Free
The Lowdown: One of the most amazing boutiques in Denver is celebrating their 2nd birthday. fab'rik is going all out by showing their customers some appreciation. Giveaways, treats and cocktails will be flowing all night. Not to mention, you will receive 40 percent off of one item and 20 percent off of all other items.
Fashion Camp Holiday Edition
When: Saturday, January 21
Where: Green Spaces – 2590 Walnut St. Denver
Admission: $75 (Get tickets here)
The Lowdown: Is your little one interested in fashion? Fashion Denver is having a Fashion Camp to channel all of their stylish vibes. The camp will give them a chance to make accessories, converting shirts into fly shirtdresses, strut down the runway and so much more. One of the really cool things on the agenda is the mini fashion icons will create a piece of art with Fashion Denver's partner, The Urban Angels. Not to mention, they will be all dolled up by a Denver salon. To top it all off, the wonderful creations will be debuted in a fashion show.
Denver Style Magazine 2nd Birthday Bash
When: Thursday, January 26, 6 – 9 p.m.
Where: 4950 Washington St, Denver
Admission: $15
The Lowdown: Go Denver Style Magazine! It's ya birthday! The great Denver Style Magazine is celebrating its 2nd birthday and the launch of its eighth issue. Live music will be serving up positive vibes while you partake in alcoholic or non-alcoholic beverages provided by Peak Beverage. Food will be served throughout the night and if you are lucky you can snag a swag bag. The swag bag will include a Flower Bomb from Flower Bombers. Go get groovy!
2017 Ice Ball
When: Friday, January 27 at 7 p.m.
Where: City Hall – 1144 Broadway Denver
Admission: $13-$500 (TICKETS HERE)
The Lowdown: Creatives from all over the city have come together for an experience you don't want to miss. Fashion designs include Gabriela Martinez, Xitali Baila, Andreas Tsagas, Sierra Wonderlynd, Karen Holloway, Jenn Costello, Min Lee Stevens, Denise Renee, Bianca Romoleroux and Gabe Vigil. Musical performances will include Ufer, Grimm and Darling, Hypnotic Vibes and Esoteric Entertainment. The night will be full of energetic and fun productions.
Keynes is alive and well and living in Australia. This conclusion (a paraphrase of the famous quote by economist George Stigler about Adam Smith being alive and well and living in Chicago) comes to mind after recent economic news from Down Under.
Australia has just beaten the Netherlands' record as the country experiencing the longest period of time without a recession (defined as two consecutive quarters of declines in GDP). The Netherlands went without a recession for nearly 26 years (103 quarters) between 1982 and 2008 and Australia has just surpassed that record after reporting GDP growth of 0.3% in the first quarter of 2017. Australia is among the few developed economies that did not experience a significant downturn in economic activity following the global financial crisis of 2008.
Canada belongs to a similar group of countries that had a relatively mild downturn in economic activity after 2008 (three consecutive quarters of declining GDP, from Q4 2008 to Q2 2009, with a total decline of 4.5%, followed by a gradual rebound). But Australia still holds the no-recession record.
So, how did the Aussies do it? Did they benefit from having a lower debt compared to income before or during the crisis? Did they apply strict austerity measures following the crisis as many other countries did (e.g. the UK and Spain)?
You would be correct if you chose none of the above.
As a matter of fact, Australia has always had one of the highest household debt-to-GDP levels among developed economies. In the last three years, Australia's household debt as a percentage of GDP has grown quickly and reached 123% in 2017. Only Switzerland, a comparatively small and economically specific country, has higher relative household debt (128%). By comparison, Canada's household debt-to-GDP hovered around 90% in the years following the global financial crisis of 2008 and then grew rapidly in the last two years reaching 101% in 2017.
After learning about Australia's two records (no recessions and highest debt levels), a question naturally arises: are these records by any chance related? Evidence and logic would suggest that they are as the Australian government openly encouraged more private debt creation after the 2008 crisis by expanding programs such as the First homeowners Grant and other initiatives intended to bust borrowing and spending. This was based on a typical Keynesian recipe: when an economy is threatened with recession, its government should introduce stimulus by increasing the money supply, encouraging lending and creating additional aggregate demand.
But Keynes' recipe has at least one important caveat: stimulating the economy by flooding the system with new money put into the hands of the private sector only works if that money is put to productive use and thus creates added value and employment. If, instead, newly-created money is invested in fixed assets such as real estate, the general economy will not benefit while prices of those fixed assets will inevitably become artificially inflated.
Is that what happened in Australia?
Based on The Economist's Global House Price Index, Australia had the second-most overvalued real estate market of all developed economies in 2017 (its neighbour New Zealand holds first place). Two main reasons seem to be behind this overvaluation, the first being the credit expansion that saved the Australian economy from recession while at the same time contributing to a strong rise in real estate values. According to the International Monetary Fund's Global Housing Watch, countries that applied credit expansion policies after the 2008 financial crisis experienced only a modest drop in house prices from 2007 to 2012, followed by a quick rebound (e.g. Australia).
The second reason for skyrocketing house prices is foreign buyers. According to The Economist, since late 2014 $1.3 trillion of capital has flowed out of China, some of which has found its way into residential property in many of the world's most desirable cities. In the United States, Chinese investors purchased some 29,000 homes in the 12 months leading up to March 2016 with a total value of $27 billion, according to the National Association of Realtors. Unfortunately, such statistics do not exist for Canada; however, it is a widely held opinion that foreign buyers were among the reasons for the extraordinary house price growth seen in Vancouver and Toronto in the years leading up to the end of 2016.
In sum: Australia's recession-free record came largely as a consequence of its government's credit expansion policies implemented in the aftermath of the global financial crisis. These policies, together with the influx of wealthy foreign buyers, also contributed to house price inflation in Australia. As socially undesirable as this inflation may be, it has not, so far, produced major economic problems or the collapse of real estate values. On balance, thus, credit expansion policies worked well in Australia and they have since been vindicated. Such policies are therefore not necessarily discredited as the gurus of political and economic conservatism would have us believe. In fact, these Keynesian-style policies are very much alive and functioning well in Australia.
If there is a moral of this story relevant for Canada, it is that the present government's budget deficit policies should not necessarily and upfront be dismissed as dangerous or irresponsible. Well-invested borrowed or newly created money can have many positive effects on the economy as Keynes showed us a long time ago, and as practical experience has confirmed many times, Australia's present situation being just the most recent. Whether these policies will be successful in the Canadian context remains to be seen, but the reality of (meagre, but positive) GDP growth and the absence of major economic problems, such as a crash in real estate prices, are the reasons for hope.
HALIFAX - A Halifax adjudicator has decided a woman who broke up with her fiance after a fight over wedding expenses can keep the engagement ring.
Devin Sherrington had sued his would-be bride, Lauren Arbuckle, in small claims court for the 3.25-carat diamond ring, worth as much as $19,000.
Sherrington, a personal trainer, and Arbuckle, a hairstylist and make-up artist, had planned to marry in 2016, but he postponed the wedding amid arguments over its cost.
She then ended the relationship.
In a written decision released Wednesday, small claims adjudicator Gregg Knudsen said text messages exchanged by the two showed Sherrington had told Arbuckle she could keep the ring.
The adjudicator did, however, order Arbuckle to pay Sherrington $2,914 for her share of a trip to Mexico they had taken together.
THE girlfriend of critically ill Rich Piana has slammed false reports the bodybuilder has died as she asked his fans to pray for him.
The former Mr California, 46, reportedly collapsed in his home and was placed in an induced coma after suffering a “medical emergency”, according to TMZ.
Girlfriend Chanel Jansen thanked the bodybuilder's fans on Instagram and asked for “positive thoughts, prayers and love.”
She posted on Saturday: “I just want to be clear Rich Piana is still alive.
“All myself and his family are asking for is positive thoughts, prayers, and love.
“Please i'm begging you all to have some respect and realise how extremely difficult this is for us.
“Thank you to all of you staying positive and sending well wishes, prayers, and love. We appreciate it more than you will ever know.”
The heartfelt post was liked more than 10,000 times on the social media site as fans sent their well wishes to the family.
Police found 20 bottles of steroids and crushed up white powder in his home after Rich reportedly collapsed.
Ms Jansen tried to catch him when he collapsed in the bathroom, but couldn't due to his giant size.
According to TMZ, she was instructed by the 911 operator to perform CPR on the former Mr. California bodybuilding champ, but was unable to revive him.
Emergency personnel rushed to his Florida home at 1:30pm (local time) on Monday, where they discovered white power on a table with a credit card and a straw.
Law enforcement sources told the celebrity news website: “Emergency personnel responded to a possible overdose call at Piana's home on Monday afternoon.
“When they arrived, Piana was unresponsive and was transported to a nearby hospital where he was placed into a medically induced coma.”
Police later revealed they found bottles of testosterone in the house and Ms Jansen admitted to responders that he had been juicing for more than 20 years.
media_camera Rich Piana's fitness regimen consists of a massie steroid cycle. Picture: Supplied.
Piana, who has competed in and won several bodybuilding competitions over the years, made headlines last year when he openly admitted to taking steroids.
He revealed his fitness regimen consists of a massive steroid cycle, nine meals a day, a series of workouts not fit for the average human and, according to one profile, “protein shakes big enough to drown a toddler in”.
While Rich no longer competes at bodybuilding, he has a massive following online with over 1.2 million followers on Instagram — who he inspires to push their bodies to greater feats.
This article was first published in The Sun.
Originally published as ‘Have some respect' for bodybuilder
BRUSSELS (AP) — A power outage has hit Brussels airport that is expected to delay planes throughout the day.
Florence Muls of Brussels airport says the outage hit at 5 a.m. (0400 GMT; 11 p.m. EDT) Thursday and specifically affected the luggage and air conditioning systems. Hundreds of passengers were left outside the terminal at dawn and were allowed inside around two hours later.
All systems were back to normal by midmorning but by then the backup was such that it would affect schedules for the rest of the day.
Despite the delays, the airport warned passengers to show up on time. The airport said incoming flights shouldn't be affected.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — A SpaceX capsule rocketed to the International Space Station on Monday, carrying tons of science experiments, plus ice cream.
As has become customary on these cargo flights, SpaceX landed its leftover booster back at Cape Canaveral shortly after liftoff, a key to its long-term effort to recycle rockets and reduce costs.
It was the 14th successful booster landing for SpaceX and the sixth on the giant X at the company's designated touchdown spot at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, just a few miles from its NASA-leased pad at Kennedy Space Center.
“X marks the spot for yet another picture-perfect landing,” announced SpaceX Mission Control at company headquarters in Hawthorne, California.
Experiments make up most of the 6,400 pounds of cargo, which should reach the orbiting lab Wednesday. That includes 20 mice that will return alive inside the SpaceX Dragon capsule in about a month.
The Dragon is also doubling as an ice cream truck this time.
There was extra freezer space, so NASA packed little cups of vanilla, chocolate and birthday cake ice cream, as well as ice cream candy bars. Those treats should be especially welcomed by U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, in orbit since November. She's due back at the beginning of September. Newly arrived U.S. spaceman Randolph Bresnik turns 50 next month.
The space station was zooming 250 miles above the Atlantic, just off Nova Scotia, when the Falcon took flight.
The mice are part of a study aimed at better understanding visual problems suffered in space by some male astronauts. Scientists will study the pressure in the animals' eyes, as well as the movement of fluid in their brains. Thirty days for mice in space is comparable to three years for humans, according to Florida State University Michael Delp, who's in charge of the experiment. The investigation may help explain why female astronauts don't have this vision problem, which can linger long after spaceflight, he added.
The Dragon also holds an instrument to measure cosmic rays from the space station. This type of device has previously flown on high-altitude balloons. The Army has an imaging microsatellite on board for release this fall from the station. It's a technology demo; the military wants to see how small satellites like this, with low-cost, off-the-shelf cameras and telescopes, might support critical ground operations. It's about the size of a dormitory-room refrigerator.
Also going up on behalf of the Michael J. Fox Foundation: protein crystals that, in space, might shed light on Parkinson's disease. The mission got a televised plug from Fox, an actor who has the disease.
This is the 13th delivery by SpaceX , one of two private shippers hired by NASA. The other is Orbital ATK; It's next supply run is in November from Wallops Island, Virginia.
The SpaceX Dragon is the only supply ship capable of returning items intact to Earth. It parachutes into the Pacific.
This particular Dragon is brand new, as is the Falcon rocket. In June, SpaceX launched its first reused Dragon, and in March, its first reused Falcon. From now on, the company said it may only fly used Dragons.
SpaceX is also developing a crew Dragon for NASA astronauts, set to debut next year. Boeing is working on its own capsule to ferry space station astronauts.
In the meantime, SpaceX is aiming for a November debut of its Falcon Heavy rocket, which will feature three first-stage boosters and 27 engines, versus the single booster and nine engines on the Falcon 9. It will have two-thirds the thrust of NASA's Saturn V rocket, which was used during the Apollo moon program. All three of the Falcon Heavy's first-stage boosters are meant to fly back to a touchdown.
___
Online:
SpaceX: http://www.spacex.com/
NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/main/index.html
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Matt Alpin, a junior studying apparel entrepreneurship, said male rompers will not catch on in Rexburg because male rompers do not look too appealing on men.
“I think they work well with women, but for guys it's not as flattering,” Alpin said. “You will not see me in a romper anytime soon.”
Alpin added that another reason he doubts rompers will catch on is because he sees them as just another fad.
“I'm not opposed to people trying something new, but if we are lucky it won't catch on in Rexburg,” Alpin said.
The Trump administration announced its new nuclear doctrine on February 2, claiming it would take a tougher stance on Russia. The Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) outlines that President Trump, just like his predecessor Barack Obama, would consider using nuclear weapons only in “extreme circumstances.”
The freshly released review addresses US nuclear capabilities, as well as challenges allegedly posed by Russia, China, rogue states and nuclear terrorism. President Trump decided to follow Obama's blueprint for modernizing the nuclear arsenal, including new bomber aircraft, submarines and land-based missiles. US nuclear forces are said to contribute to the “deterrence of nuclear and non-nuclear attack,” “assurance of allies and partners,” “achievement of US objectives if deterrence fails,” and “capacity to hedge against an uncertain future.” As Secretary of Defense James Mattis has observed, “a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent is there to ensure a war that can never be won, is never fought.”
"Russia and North Korea have increased the salience of nuclear forces in their strategies and plans and have engaged in increasingly explicit nuclear threats," it said in the NPR. "Like Russia, China is pursuing entirely new nuclear capabilities tailored to achieve particular national security objectives while also modernizing its conventional military, challenging traditional U.S. military superiority in the Western Pacific."
About Vita Bond – Upholstery Foam:
Vita Bond manufacture an extensive range of technical Upholstery Foam products for multiple-industry uses. Established in 1973, we have over 50 years' experience in providing specialist foam and fibre solutions. Our philosophy is to work in close partnership with our valued clients to provide high-quality and cost-effective products and services. Based in Athlone, Co. Westmeath, Ireland, we manufacture and deliver our foam and fibre materials to a worldwide market.
Our extensive range of products combined with our personal approach to customer service provides each client with a fantastic experience and outcome. We are here to help and offer all of our prospective customers with a free, no obligation quotation.
What We Can Do For You:
Vitabond take your product from concept right through to creation with our modern design suite, high-tech equipment and specialist staff. Your individual specifications are met as we operate fully equipped polyester fibre production machinery to develop and produce a blend to suit your needs. We have developed a range of fibre blends that are adaptable to specific weight and loft requirements incorporating thermal, acoustic and fire resistant properties.
Please contact us to begin your project. Upholstery Foam
Freetown: At least 312 people were killed and more than 2,000 left homeless on Monday when heavy flooding hit Sierra Leone`s capital of Freetown, leaving morgues overflowing and residents desperately searching for loved ones.
An AFP journalist at the scene saw bodies being carried away and houses submerged in two areas of the city, where roads turned into churning rivers of mud and corpses were washed up on the streets.
Red Cross spokesman Patrick Massaquoi told AFP the death toll was 312 but could rise further as his team continued to survey disaster areas in Freetown and tally the number of dead.
Mohamed Sinneh, a morgue technician at Freetown`s Connaught Hospital, said 180 bodies had been received so far at his facility alone, many of them children, leaving no space to lay what he described as the "overwhelming number of dead".
Many more bodies were taken to private morgues, Sinneh said.
Images obtained by AFP showed a ferocious churning of dark orange mud coursing down a steep street in the capital, while videos posted by local residents showed people waist and chest deep in water trying to traverse the road.
Fatmata Sesay, who lives on the hilltop area of Juba, said she, her three children and husband were awoken at 4:30 am by rain beating down on the mud house they occupy, which was by then submerged by water.
She managed to escape by climbing onto the roof.
"We have lost everything and we do not have a place to sleep," she told AFP.
Local media reports said a section of a hill in the Regent area of the city had partially collapsed, exacerbating the disaster.
Other images showed battered corpses piled on top of each other, as residents struggled to cope with the destruction.
Meanwhile disaster management official Candy Rogers said that "over 2,000 people are homeless," hinting at the huge humanitarian effort that will be required to deal with the fallout of the flooding in one of Africa`s poorest nations.
Freetown, an overcrowded coastal city of 1.2 million, is hit each year by flooding during several months of rain that destroys makeshift settlements and raises the risk of waterborne diseases such as cholera.
Flooding in the capital in 2015 killed 10 people and left thousands homeless.
Sierra Leone was one of the west African nations hit by an outbreak of the Ebola virus in 2014 that left more than 4,000 people dead in the country, and it has struggled to revive its economy since the crisis.
About 60 percent of people in Sierra Leone live below the national poverty line, according to the United Nations Development Programme.
There is a long list of established brands signed up to support AirPlay 2 going forward. But what about all the speakers you already own?
Apple recently rolled out AirPlay 2, which, essentially, opens up the ability to stream music from your iOS device to more than one product. This is also Apple's first major attempt at multi-room audio. It even allows the company's HomePod smart speaker to connect to other AirPlay 2-supporting speakers, like the Sonos One, as well as set up two HomePods up as a stereo pair. And, yes, it's coming to old speakers.
For some products, there will be software updates to existing AirPlay-enabled speakers, bringing support for AirPlay 2. Unfortunately, while many companies have promised to offer new products with AirPlay 2, we don't yet have a full picture of all the brands that plan to offer AirPlay 2 updates to existing products. Nevertheless, we've rounded up those who have confirmed and will update this over time.
The following brands have confirmed existing hardware will get updates. When we know more about which products and when, we'll fill you in.
Bang and Olufsen confirmed it will offer AirPlay 2 updates in August and September to the following products: the Beoplay M3, M5, A6, A9 mk2, BeoSound 1, 2, 35, BeoSound Essence mk2, BeoSound Core, BeoSound Shape (via BeoSound Core), and BeoVision Eclipse (audio only).
According to a Bose forum thread, Bose is "actively collecting information to answer inquiries about AirPlay 2 and HomeKit".
Libratone said an update will come to its Zipp line. Unfortunately, it's not coming to the AirPlay-enabled Diva soundbar or older products.
Naim said Uniti Atom, Uniti Star, and Uniti Nova will update to support AirPlay 2 "in parallel with Apple's launch timings".
Sonos confirmed only newer Sonos speakers, like Play:5, Playbase, and Sonos One, will support AirPlay 2, as will future Sonos products.
Check out Pocket-lint's guides on AirPlay 2:
2:20 Officer saves Texas Jack in the Box from burning truck in drive-thru Pause
4:29 North Texas police help woman with surprise pregnancy announcement
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset, Outlast North Crowley
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
While the Board of Trustees for Gillingham Charter School, Pottsville, approved a resignation letter for the school's director of organizational development on June 15, it was also developing a separation agreement.
On June 29 at a special meeting at the school house at 915 Howard Ave., the board approved Confidential Agreement and Release No. 2017-01.
According to that agreement, which the newspaper acquired with a Right-To-Know request, the school terminated the employment of its director of organizational development, Rachel Bensinger, on June 15 and gave her a lump sum severance payment of $13,084.74.
The move was part of a “school improvement plan,” which Nicolle M. Hutchinson, Gillingham's CEO and director of education, spoke of at the board's July 20 meeting.
“In our school improvement plan, we have to set so many goals. And one of our goals is to meet the governance suggestions presented to us by the Charlotte Mason Institute Accreditation Team, after they accredited us for seven years,” Hutchinson said while delivering her monthly report.
In 2014, the Charlotte Mason Institute in Roanoke, Virginia, gave Gillingham a seven-year accreditation.
“We just finished our third year of accreditation. Time flies. So we have to work on two of their goals every year. So this year we state in the school improvement plan that we will focus on the suggestions made to our board on governance. One step that you have already made as a board to meet this goal was to hold a fact-finding project, during which you interviewed the admin team. You interviewed them with the goal of discovering the good, the bad and the ugly, right, with what's going on. And, hopefully, it will be even better,” Hutchinson said at the July 20 meeting.
“It was a powerful project because it revealed areas we have mastered, areas that need tweaking and areas that need restructuring. So, the committee shared their findings with me. And members will work with me this month, if you want, to develop a governance structure that fits our current needs, empowers members of the admin team and is fiscally sound. So, as we have grown and as we have learned, it's clear that the responsibilities of the two directors need to be dispersed to others,” Hutchinson said.
The board of trustees may approve a “ proposal for administration restructuring” at its next meeting, which is scheduled for 7 p.m. Thursday at the school house.
Bensinger was the school's director of organizational development since August 2014.
According to Hutchinson, only four of the seven members of the board attended the June 29 special meeting, when the Confidential Agreement and Release No. 2017-01 was approved: Marsha Chwastiak, board president; Sharon Klinger, vice president; Brian Hudock, secretary; and Mindy Heppe.
The other board members are Amy Webber, treasurer; and Scott Herbert and Dan Kurtz.
The five-page separation agreement and release details the severance benefits.
“Gillingham shall pay employee one lump sum severance payment in the total amount of $13,084.74, which consists of the following: (1) severance pay equal to six weeks and four days of salary in the gross amount of $7,753.92, and (2) the sum of 22 unused vacation days in the amount of $5,330.82. Pursuant to Gillingham's policy and procedure employee is not entitled to any payment for paid time off days other than the 22 unused vacation days,” according to the agreement.
Under the terms of the agreement, Bensinger was required to keep the terms confidential.
The amount of the legal fees Gillingham incurred to develop Confidential Agreement and Release No. 2017-01 came to $1,357.50, Hutchinson said.
The law firm Gillingham works with is Latsha Davis & McKenna, Mechanicsburg.
Contact the writer: spytak@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6011
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
WITH HIS EYES on the Odebrecht revelations of massive bribery of local politician and administrators, National Assembly President Rubén De León has told returning lawmakers that it will be difficult to regain the confidence of citizens, if no measures are taken to ensure transparency in the country.
De León said that appropriate measures will help restore confidence to Panamanian citizens to see that “it is still possible to believe in politicians and officials appointed to public positions in the state.”
He said that in spite of all the criticism it receives, the Assembly “must safeguard participatory democracy in the country.”
“If we do not act responsibly and if we do not take action to combat corruption, if we do not respect the role of each institution, but at the same time if we do not demand the fulfillment of the responsibilities of those who direct it, I dare to predict that the results will be disastrous,” De León said at the opening of the new legislative session on Monday, January 2.
Ottawa Senators goalie Craig Anderson and his ailing wife, Nicholle, plan to launch a charitable cancer foundation this year as she continues to battle a rare form of head and neck cancer.
Nicholle Anderson conveyed the news in a New Year's Day post on her blog, StickbyNik, which describes her diagnosis with nasopharyngeal cancer and her unfolding treatment at New York's Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.
As part of Anderson's aggressive treatment plan, she's receiving radiation therapy (33 sessions) alongside chemotherapy. It is to be followed by three more rounds of chemotherapy over a 12-week period.
“As Craig and I have learned so much about cancer in 2016, we decided to create a cancer foundation,” Anderson writes in a Jan. 1 post. “We are excited to start and give back. We can't wait to share details with everyone soon.”
The foundation is one of the “10 positive things” Anderson says she has drawn from 2016, a year that brought much heartbreak and anxiety.
“As I sit here and reflect on 2016, of course I would want to vent about all the things that went wrong,” she writes. “But where would that get me? It would only drain my energy and mind on things I cannot change.”
Instead, Anderson vows to take something positive from each day in 2017, to live in the moment, to complain less, to promote kindness and to strengthen her relationships.
In her blog, the mother of two young boys reveals her cancer journey began after a difficult miscarriage in late September. During her pregnancy, she says, she had experienced an odd constellation of cold-like symptoms, including nasal congestion, phlegm, night sweats and exhaustion. Her doctor prescribed an antibiotic.
“My lungs were clear and ears felt full,” Anderson writes. “The feeling was similar to when you fly on an airplane with constant ear popping.”
When the symptoms persisted into the late fall after the miscarriage, Anderson went to see a doctor in Pennsylvania, who recommended she have an ultrasound on the swollen lymph node in her neck. The results of the ultrasound suggested a biopsy should be performed.
An ear, nose and throat specialist discovered the lump in her neck was malignant, and he also found a mass behind Anderson's nose, in the upper part of her throat. A subsequent biopsy confirmed the presence of nasopharyngeal cancer.
Anderson had travelled to Pennsylvania to visit her family and to attend chemotherapy sessions with a friend who was then undergoing treatment for breast cancer. “I never thought in a couple days from this point, I would be in the cancer club, too,” she writes.
Nasopharyngeal cancer is relatively rare in Canada and the United States. It's more common in Asia and North Africa, and tends to affect men more than women.
Anderson's type of nasopharyngeal cancer is rarer still and is linked to the Epstein-Barr virus — a common human virus that sometimes leads to mononucleosis or relatively mild childhood illnesses. Sometimes, however, the virus can remain dormant in people, and in rare cases, DNA from the virus can mix with DNA in the cells of the nasopharynx, causing them to multiply abnormally and grow into malignant tumours.
In her blog, Anderson says her course of treatment has been defined by her cancer's link to the Epstein-Barr virus. She continues to take one day at a time: “You are one step closer. That has become my motto.”
Senators goaltender Craig Anderson is on an indefinite leave from the team to be with his wife.
Lisa has been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. She rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash and joined the freelancer economy. Alongside Naked Security Lisa has written for CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output.
CHICAGO — A suburban Chicago high school says safety concerns have prompted it to forfeit a football game against a school on Chicago's West Side.
St. Francis High School in Wheaton was scheduled to play Chicago Hope Academy on Friday night. But officials at St. Francis say a recent shooting, along with gunshots reported near Little League games at a local park over the summer, convinced the school to keep its team at home.
Chicago Hope Academy played a game at the park on Sept. 29 against another Chicago school that was interrupted by gunfire. No one was injured.
Hope Academy founder Bob Muzikowski says that was the first violent episode in 13 years of football at the school. He says security would have been robust at Friday's game.
FINANCIAL MARKETS
Most Asian markets gain after new Wall Street high
BEIJING (AP) — Most Asian stock markets rose today after U.S. benchmarks hit new highs and Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank could raise interest rates as soon as next month.
Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng jumped 1.1 percent. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.9 percent. Seoul's Kospi added 0.5 percent. The Shanghai Composite Index slipped 0.2 percent
Advertisement
On Tuesday, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.5 percent to 20,504.41. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.3 percent to 5,782.57. And the S&P 500 index rose 0.4 percent to 2,337.58 for its sixth straight day of gains.
THE DAY AHEAD
Slew of market-sensitive economic reports due Wednesday
WASHINGTON (AP) — A spray of economic releases at mid-week from Washington.
The Commerce Department later this morning will announce retail sales data for January and the Labor Department will send a message about inflation with its Consumer Price Index release for January.
The Federal Reserve releases industrial production figures for January, even as Fed Chair Janet Yellen returns to Capitol Hill to give a second day of testimony — this time to a House panel — on the state of the economy and interest rate policy.
A little later today the National Association of Home Builders releases the housing market index for December and the Treasury Department releases international money flows data for December in late afternoon.
Pepiso Inc. reports its quarterly financial results before the market opens.
FED-INTEREST RATES
Yellen-Expect Fed to resume raising rates in coming months
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, updating Congress on the health of the economy, says federal policymakers will likely resume raising interest rates in the next few months. But with uncertainties surrounding President Donald Trump's proposals, Yellen also said Tuesday that the central bank still wants to keep assessing the economy.
Testifying to a Senate committee, Yellen noted that Fed officials forecast in December that they would raise rates three times in 2017. That would mark an acceleration from 2015 and 2016, when they boosted rates once each year. She said, “Precisely when we would take an action, whether it is March, or May or June … I can't tell you which meeting it would be.”
Though Yellen didn't rule out a rate hike at the Fed's next meeting in mid-March, most economists and investors think the next one will occur in June. Until then, the details of Trump's ambitious proposals — for tax cuts for individuals and businesses, greater spending on infrastructure projects, changes to trade deals and a relaxation of regulations — could remain hazy.
MERCK-ALZHEIMER'S DRUG
Merck Alzheimer's drug fails in one study, another continues
KENILWORTH, N.J. (AP) — Merck & Co. will stop its study of an experimental Alzheimer's drug in people with mild or moderate symptoms because interim results showed “virtually no chance” of any benefit.
However, the drugmaker said Tuesday it will continue another study of the drug, verubecestat, in patients who don't yet show symptoms. They have some memory problems, but can still perform daily activities.
The two studies were intended to enable Merck to seek regulators' approval to sell verubecestat.
Alzheimer's is one of the toughest diseases to treat.
While a few treatments temporarily ease symptoms such as memory loss, confusion and agitation, dozens of drugs tested have failed to slow mental decline or halt the mind-robbing disease, including the one Eli Lilly & Co. scrapped in November.
AIRLINE DELAYS
US says canceled flights declining, fewer bags getting lost
UNDATED (AP) — The government says U.S. airlines canceled fewer flights in 2016 than any year on record, while also posting record-low numbers for lost bags and passengers getting bumped off oversold flights.
And it also reports that airlines had one of their best years for on-time arrivals, although it wasn't a record and December was worse than the same month a year earlier.
The Transportation Department reported Tuesday that the 12 leading U.S. airlines canceled 1.17 percent of flights last year, the lowest rate among comparable figures going back to 1995. The previous best was 1.24 percent in 2002, when travel decreased after the terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
CONGRESS-HEALTH OVERHAUL
Conservatives want fast health law repeal, leaders cautious
WASHINGTON (AP) — Conservatives have demanded a quick vote on erasing much of President Barack Obama's health care law, with some threatening to oppose legislation that falls short. But House Republican leaders say they are working deliberatively as the party continues its struggle to find a replacement that could pass Congress. House Speaker Paul Ryan addressed the methodical approach that GOP leaders are taking, telling reporters “this affects every person and every family in America.”
The Wisconsin Republican added Tuesday: “That's why we're taking a step-by-step approach.”
Ryan spoke the morning after the House Freedom Caucus unanimously agreed to insist on a fresh vote on a bill that Obama vetoed last year. That legislation would have killed much of his signature health care overhaul. Leaders of the caucus, whose roughly 40 members are among the House's most hard line conservatives, said they also want a simultaneous vote on a GOP package replacing that law.
HUMANA-LEAVING EXCHANGES
Insurer Humana bails on ACA exchange business for 2018
UNDATED (AP) — Health insurer Humana is leaving the Affordable Care Act's public insurance exchanges for next year as it regroups after ending its proposed combination with rival insurer Aetna.
Humana Inc. covers about 150,000 people on exchanges in 11 states.
The insurer said Tuesday it had taken several actions to improve that business, but it was still seeing signs of unbalanced risk in that customer population. Health insurers have struggled to attract enough healthy people to their risk pools to balance the claims they incur from people with expensive medical conditions.
Humana and Aetna said earlier Tuesday that they were calling off Aetna's roughly $34 billion acquisition of Humana. That deal already had been rejected by a federal judge who was worried about its impact on competition.
STARBUCKS-ICE CREAM
Starbucks to test coffee and ice cream concoction
NEW YORK (AP) — Starbucks plans to start testing concoctions that mix coffee and ice cream.
The Seattle chain said it will serve “affogato” varieties of hot or cold coffee over ice cream at 100 stores in Orange County, California, starting Wednesday, with pricier versions sold at 10 locations with its “reserve” bars.
Spokeswoman Holly Hart Shafer said the treats were first introduced at the company's Roastery store in Seattle, which is a pipeline for potential new menu items. She noted that “affogato” means “drowned” in Italian. The priciest version at regular stores is a 12-ounce option that costs $6.45 and mixes cold brew coffee with ice cream.
The test was first reported by Business Insider.
Starbucks Corp. has successfully driven up sales over the years in part by introducing pricier new items.
TV-NBC-EURONEWS
NBC acquires stake in Euronews, shuffles news executives
NEW YORK (AP) — NBC News is buying a minority stake in the overseas television news outlet Euronews, appointing NBC News President Deborah Turness to run the new partnership, and having “Today” show chief executive Noah Oppenheim replace her as NBC News president.
NBC News Chairman Andrew Lack on Tuesday announced the deal with Euronews, which employs some 500 journalists and airs in 164 countries across Europe, Africa and the Middle East. NBC is paying $30 million, and the new venture will be known as Euronews NBC.
The network said that American viewers will be able to see Euronews journalists adding their expertise to NBC News, MSNBC and digital coverage of international stories.
In a memo to his staff, Lack said: “We believe we've found a unique international partner at a pivotal time in global news.”
Turness will be president of the newly formed NBC News International, responsible for pulling together the two news organization, and will eventually relocate to her native England.
SUNOCO PIPELINE
Environmentalists oppose permits for Pennsylvania pipeline
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Environmental advocacy groups are trying to halt construction of a $2.5 billion natural gas liquids pipeline across southern Pennsylvania. During the delay, they would appeal newly issued permits that they say would unleash massive and irreparable damage to the state's environment and residents.
In filings Monday night, three groups said the state Department of Environmental Protection had approved incomplete and legally flawed permit applications for Sunoco Logistics' Mariner East 2 pipeline hours earlier “in response to heavy and sustained political pressure.”
Supporters view the project as crucial to helping capitalize on the prolific Marcellus Shale natural gas reservoir, where producers complain that a lack of pipeline infrastructure is depressing prices and demand.
The permits approved water crossings and earth moving for a 306-mile section of 20-inch pipeline that can move 275,000 barrels per day, according to Sunoco Logistics.
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INVESTMENTS
Buffett's firm invests heavily in Apple, airline stocks
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Warren Buffett's company nearly quadrupled its investment in Apple to over 57 million shares during the last three months of last year.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. filed a quarterly update on its U.S. stock portfolio with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday. Besides the Apple move, Berkshire also revealed a new stake in Monsanto.
Investors like to look at Berkshire's investments because of Buffett's remarkably successful track record although the filing doesn't make clear who made all the investments.
Buffett surprised many people last fall by disclosing new investments in American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Continental and Southwest. Berkshire added to the investments in American and United.
Besides investments the Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire owns more than 90 subsidiaries, including insurance, utility and jewelry firms.
OUTDOOR RETAILER SHOW
Retailers ramp up threat for big outdoors show to leave Utah
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A coalition of major outdoor companies is ramping up a threat to get a lucrative outdoor trade show to leave Utah unless the governor and elected officials back away from policies they say threaten public lands.
Leaders of Black Diamond Equipment, Osprey Packs and 28 other outdoor companies sent a letter to Republican Gov. Gary Herbert that says Utah leaders are threatening the outdoor industry by pushing back against federal land control and management.
The letter said: “We see all of these actions as an existential threat to the vibrancy of Utah and America's outdoor industry as well as Utah's high quality of life.”
The letter comes two days before Herbert is expected to meet with outdoor retailers to try to smooth the discord.
The governor's office did not immediately have a comment on the letter Tuesday.
The letter is the latest in a string of moves the outdoors industry has made to protest Utah's stance.
EXPLOITED IN PARADISE-BILL
Hawaii bill seeks more oversight of commercial fishing
HONOLULU (AP) — Hawaii lawmakers have advanced a bill calling for more oversight of the commercial fishing industry. This came in the aftermath of an Associated Press investigation that found hundreds of foreign fishermen confined to boats and some living in subpar conditions.
A legislative committee passed the bill that will require fishing boat owners who want a commercial license in Hawaii to provide state officials with a copy of employment contracts held with every fisherman on board before the license is granted.
Rep. Kaniela Ing, who introduced the proposal, said that without those contracts, there's no way for state officials to check whether fishermen are getting what they were promised or if an investigation should be launched about possible human trafficking.
The bill passed the House Committee on Ocean, Marine Resources and Hawaiian Affairs Tuesday and it goes next to the Judiciary Committee.
Ing's proposal calls for keeping records of employment contracts with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources, which issues fishing licenses.
It's monotonous for your 7-day forecast. Isolated showers and storms tomorrow afternoon…with stronger and more activity to our north. More scattered Friday afternoon as a low pressure system develops over the Carolinas.
We're then keeping in isolated showers and thunderstorms every afternoon through the rest of the weekend and coming week. Temperatures stay right around average in the upper 80s to lower 90s for highs each afternoon and lower 70s for morning lows.
By Ted Nuyten
Dedicated and determined, Jean-Michel Cideme is a man of impressive stature with a strong mission to succeed.
This highly motivated direct selling professional joined Learning Enterprises Organisation Ltd (LEO) in June 2016 and has already soared to the heights of Senior Executive rank. Recently recognised for his remarkable training skills at the LEO Global Annual Awards 2017, with the Best Trainer Award, he has swiftly become a true asset to the organisation.
Originally from Guadeloupe, in the Caribbean, but now living in Paris, Jean-Michel Cideme has travelled a long way, in distance and in life, to reach his current location. Here is a hard-working professional with a strong work ethic and a gift for motivating others. With over 15 years working in the direct selling industry, Jean-Michel found himself looking for a new opportunity in 2016, and decided to join forces with LEO, impressed by the company's industry-leading innovation, and has no regrets.
Setting himself new and bigger goals each day, Jean-Michel has proved to be a powerhouse in his LEO business and his progress has been stunning! So, to find out what makes this highly successful LEO Member tick, Ted Nuyten asked Jean-Michel some incisive questions:
You have achieved so much in just a year with LEO – what would you say is the secret to your impressive success?
I have a motivational mantra which for me sums up any secret to my success: ‘Biggest in my mind' – these words act as a reminder, which I often shorten to the shout-out ‘BIMM', that although you might not be able to control events, you can fully control your interpretation of them. You can make the impossible, possible, you can find the opportunity in the difficulty, every obstacle can become a springboard and each failure can become an enriching experience.
Being ‘biggest in my mind' always means having the choice. This motto helps me deal with life's challenges and obstacles. Actually, there is no real secret to my success, it just comes down to a lot of hard work. I also look back on a regular basis to make sure I am achieving more today than yesterday and to ensure I will work even harder tomorrow.
I aspire to be an example to others by the results I achieve. My business is my career and I force myself to be the best version of myself I can be. My success is planned months in advance and starts as of today!
You sound like a very determined person, with great strength of mind, but what motivates you most to succeed in your LEO business?
The results of my colleagues are crucial to my confidence – the more successful they are, the more it motivates me. It is like a wheel of success without limits – our potential for success motives us to put things into motion, which in turn provides results, which boosts our confidence, and all the while our potential for success continues to grow, etc.
I also believe that I must prove quickly, based on my results, that my team are right to trust me and have made the right choice, so I work hard to do this. In my opinion, my experience and my advice alone will not be enough to inspire and motivate my colleagues, leading by example is not the best way to teach, but the ONLY way, so this also motivates me to work harder.
What led you to join LEO and what do you like most about the organisation?
I believe that this opportunity is not only good, but the best! I have over 15 years' experience in the direct selling industry, but I was searching for something more fulfilling, that met my high standards of business ethics. After careful research, I was satisfied that LEO more than met my requirements, and decided to commit 300% to the business. Not only did LEO provide the reassurance of being a UK Direct Selling Association Member, with the level of integrity that requires, but I was impressed by its Ecosystem of products, including LEOCoin, its digital currency, which provided a chance to get involved in this innovative industry.
I was also attracted to the idea of selling the training LEO offers, especially in Neuro-linguistic Programming (NLP), as I am an NLP Technician and understand the importance this can have in people's lives. In addition, having studied many compensation plans before, I found LEO's to be ambitious, reassuring and rewarding, especially its Reverse Matching Bonus, which provides payment on your upline's commissions. All in all, LEO has given me a vision 10 times bigger than I could ever have imagined in my life!
You clearly work very hard to make a success of your LEO business, but how does this fit in with your family life?
Thanks to the great opportunity LEO has provided, I can work from home and be available for my family whenever I'm needed. Although I work full time, I work according to my own schedule and I can still be part of my children's education and see them blossom more every day.
I met my wife thanks to the direct selling industry and our children are benefitting wonderfully from the lifestyle my LEO business provides, with travel opportunities and a quality of life that is above average thanks to the income achieved. I am so grateful to be able to make a living out of my passion and it works really well.
Do you have any tips to offer to others who might want to start a direct selling business?
Yes, firstly I would recommend that you define 10 goals that will motivate you to work hard to achieve them. In my opinion, many quit because their goals are not motivating them enough to get through the difficulties. Secondly, I would suggest that you find THE person who has the success you wish to achieve and follow their advice. You will get much criticism from people with no proven results – don't listen to them!
My third and final piece of advice can be summed up succinctly as ‘Losers stop when they fail and winners fail until they succeed' – If you really want to succeed, you must expect challenges, opposition, failures and other interesting opportunities that could make you deviate from your path, but you must remain focused. Determination and perseverance are very important values to have to achieve your goals.
About LEO
Learning Enterprises Organisation Ltd (LEO) is a global entrepreneurship training company which uses personal recommendation to introduce Members to its products and services. Established in 2012, LEO now has over 250,000 Members in more than 120 countries.
LEO has a unique programme which helps people to LEARN, with the training products it provides, EARN at the same time, by marketing these products, and also has a selection of ownership award programmes that help Members achieve their dream to OWN a successful business. LEO provides full training and support for all its new Members, including a helpful ‘Getting Started Guide', which contains an invaluable system to follow to get their businesses off to the best start, referred to as the #LEOSYSTEM.
LEO's core products are designed to help people start their own business – eLearning, eTutoring, Live Seminars and Technology, including the LEO News app, which provides up-to-the minute information straight to your phone, and the innovative Smart 3.0 app, which provides business-building guidance and delivers rewards when milestones are achieved. However, the LEO Ecosystem does not stop there, as it also includes a digital currency, LEOcoin, and crowdfunding platform, LEOcrowd.
Source:: https://www.businessforhome.org/2017/06/interview-with-french-top-leader-jean-michel-cideme-leo/
NORWOOD, Ohio (AP) — Herbie Mays is 3M proud, and it shows — in the 3M shirt he wears; in the 3M ring he earned after three decades at the company's plant in suburban Cincinnati; in the way he shows off a card from a 3M supervisor, praising Mays as “a GREAT employee.”
But it's all nostalgia.
Mays' last day at 3M was in March. Bent on cutting costs and refocusing its portfolio, the company decided to close the plant that made bandages, knee braces and other health care supplies and move work to its plant in Mexico.
At 62, Mays is unemployed and wants to work, though on the face of it he has plenty of opportunities: Barely 10 miles from Mays' ranch-style brick home in this blue-collar city, GE Aviation has been expanding — and hiring.
In the state-of-the-art laboratory in a World War II-era building the size of 27 football fields, workers use breakthrough technology to build jet engines that run on less fuel at higher temperatures. Bright flashes flare out as GE workers run tests with a robotic arm that can withstand 2,000 degrees (1,090 Celsius).
The open jobs there are among 30,000 manufacturing positions available positions open across Ohio. But Mays, like many of Ohio's unemployed, lacks the in-demand skills.
“If you don't keep up with the times,” he said, “you're out of luck.”
This is the paradox of American manufacturing jobs in 2017. Donald Trump won the presidency in great measure because he pledged to stop American jobs and manufacturing from going overseas, winning Rust Belt votes from Mays and other blue-collar voters.
It's true that many jobs have gone overseas, to lower-wage workers.
But at the same time, American manufacturers have actually added nearly a million jobs in the past seven years. Labor statistics show nearly 390,000 such jobs open.
The problem? Many of these are not the same jobs that for decades sustained the working class. More and more factory jobs now demand education, technical know-how or specialized skills. And many of the workers set adrift from low-tech factories lack such qualifications.
Factories will need to fill 2 million jobs over the next decade, according to a forecast by Deloitte Consulting and the American Manufacturing Institute. Workers are needed to run, operate and troubleshoot computer-directed machinery, including robots, and to maintain complex websites
Last year, software developer was the second-most-common job advertised by manufacturing companies, behind only sales, according to data provided by Burning Glass Technologies, a company that analyzes labor market data.
Yet the United States for now remains a follower, not a leader, of the trend. Workers in many European and Asian countries are more likely to be working with robots than U.S. workers, studies show. In such countries as Japan and Denmark, robotics and advanced automation have created solid jobs while increasing efficiencies for manufacturers.
Trump continues to make promises about adding U.S. manufacturing jobs. In blue-collar Youngstown, Ohio, he talked about passing by big factories whose jobs “have left Ohio” on his way to a July 25 rally, then told people not to sell their homes because the jobs are “coming back. They're all coming back.”
But Sen. Rob Portman, an Ohio Republican and a former U.S. trade representative, conceded in an interview: “We're not going to see the kind of manufacturing renaissance that we all want in this country unless we focus on skills training.”
Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta, in a visit to a Detroit factory in June, acknowledged the need to address the skills gap by developing advanced computing skills. And when Trump visited Pewaukee, Wisconsin, in June, he touted the value of training while doing.
“Apprenticeships teach striving Americans the skills they need to operate incredible machines,” Trump said. “This is not the old days. This is new and computerized and complicated.”
Of the 146 million jobs in the United States, only about 0.35 percent were filled by active apprentices in 2016. Filling millions of open jobs through apprenticeships would require a substantial increase in government resources. So far, the Trump administration has called for more funding but hasn't made any progress securing the funding from Congress.
Apprenticeships are much more common at some European companies, notably German firms. At Germany-based Stihl Inc.'s plant in Virginia Beach, Virginia, for example, A.J. Scherman is learning to be a “mechatronics technician.” Mechatronic combines electrical and mechanical engineering as well as computer skills.
Stihl makes chain saws, leaf blowers and weed trimmers at the factory. Once he's completed his final year in Stihl's four-year apprenticeship program, Scherman will read diagnostic software on computer screens attached to each robot to repair and upgrade them. If necessary, he'll hook up a laptop to program changes.
Scherman, 37, is also earning a college degree as part of the apprenticeship. Thanks to financial aid from Stihl, he'll finish with zero debt.
Skip Johnson, Stihl's apprenticeship coordinator, said it's critically important to bring bright students into the plant, where they can see that the grime and dust they associate with factories are giving way to clean operations using futuristic technology.
“They just come in here, and they're wide-eyed,” Johnson said.
U.S. manufacturing workers, excluding managers, make an average of $44,000 a year, according to government data. That's just 2.8 percent higher, adjusted for inflation, than a decade ago after years of shifting of jobs overseas or to nonunion states. And it compares with a much higher 8 percent gain for the labor force as a whole over the past decade.
But a typical mechatronics engineer with a four-year degree can earn $97,000 a year; a typical software developer makes just over $100,000.
Festo Didactic, the education arm of Germany-based Festo, last year launched two-year mechatronics apprenticeship programs in Ohio with Sinclair Community College, and is already expanding its U.S. apprenticeship offerings. At Festo's plant in Mason, workers monitor a robotic distribution system that self-adjusts its work flow to prevent backups.
“This kind of factory has nothing to do with the factory we knew in the 1960s or 1980 or even 2000,” said Yannick Schilly, who heads global supply for Festo's North American business.
But there's not much demand locally these days for the kind of repetitive tasks done in those factories by workers such as Herbie Mays.
He acknowledged that there are “plenty of jobs out here.
“What you have to do is get training or education.”
___
Rugaber reported from Virginia Beach and Washington, D.C. Contributing to this report were Associated Press business writer Yuri Kageyama in Tokyo, AP writer Jan M. Olsen in Kalundborg, Denmark; AP videojournalist Mike Householder in Detroit, and AP photographer John Minchillo in Cincinnati. Follow Dan Sewell at http://twitter.com/dansewell .
This is part of the first installment of Future of Work, an Associated Press series that will explore how workplaces across the U.S. and the world are being transformed by technology and global pressures. As more employers move, shrink or revamp their work sites, many employees are struggling to adapt. At the same time, workers with in-demand skills or knowledge are benefiting. Advanced training, education or know-how is becoming a required ticket to the 21st-century workplace.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
THE CRIMINAL Chamber of Panama's Supreme Court overturned the ruling of the Second Court of Justice and has sentenced the former director of the Social Security Fund (CSS), René Luciani, to 18 months in prison for his responsibility in the case of massive poisoning of patients with a cough syrup mixed with diethylene glycol.
Other implicated in the poisoning, Ignacio Torres Echeverría, Linda Joan Thomas Martín (ex-lab head) and Pablo Narciso Solís González (former director of Pharmacy and Drugs) received the same conviction, as Luciani, considering them as authors in the process.
Teófilo Gateno Hafeitz (director of Medicom, a supplier of diethylene glycol) was sentenced to 5 years in prison for being a primary accomplice.
Chronology
Massive diethylene glycol poisoning occurred in 2006
In 2003, glycerin was purchased from Medicom to produce medicinal products.
Its content was a compound with a considerable percentage of the substance known as diethylene glycol used as anti- freeze windshield washer.
The first death from the compound recorded on August 2, 2006.
The hearing of the case began, March 21 2016 and ended on April 8, 2016.
All of them had been acquitted by the Second Tribunal on the basis of supposed deficiencies in the processes of purchase of the raw material, its introduction and final analysis.
In the case of Angel Ariel De La Cruz, Edward Enrique Taylor Jurado and Miguel Antonio Algandona De León, the Criminal Chamber sentenced them to 15 years in prison and disqualification to exercise public functions for the same term.
Nereida Isabel Quintero Ortiz de Velasco and Marta Cristell Sánchez Bustamante de Castillo were sentenced to 12 months imprisonment and disqualification for the exercise of public functions for the same term.
The immediate detention of the convicted persons was ordered,
Background
In October 2003, the company Medicom S.A. Imported Glycerin Pure USP quality for human consumption, to supply the Social Security Fund. The product was used for the preparation of medicines such as sugar-free expectorant syrup and diphenhydramine among others, by the institution's Drug Production Laboratory which in the end proved that its content was not what was contractually required but a compound with a considerable percentage of diethylene glycol and whose large-scale use generated a massive poisoning of patients and consumers users killing hundreds. The first recorded death was known on August 2, 2006, and hundreds more were left with lifelong disabilities.
Xiaomi is all set to host its annual product event in China today at 2 PM (approx. 11:30 AM). The flagship Mi 8 smartphone, Mi Band 3 and MIUI 10 will be announced at this event. This will be Xiaomi's biggest launch of the year as it will unveil the latest generation software, wearable device and flagship smartphone.
Xiaomi will be live streaming the launch event on its official Facebook, Twitter and Instagram handle. Xiaomi fans can get the live updates from these social media handles of the company. We will also provide you with the live updates from time to time over here.
Live updates
13:38:43: The Mi Band 3 has a 0.78-inch display. It is aimed to provide a better user experience when it comes to viewing messaging and incoming calls. The Mi Band 3 has a heart rate sensor, water and dust resistant design, and optional NFC. The starting price of 169 yuan (approx. Rs. 1,600).
13:31:52: Mi VR Standalone is a VR headset launched in collaboration with Oculus. It has a Snapdragon 821 processor, a 2600mAh battery, 2k fast switch screen, and 1000 Oculus optimized games. There is an intuitive remote control too. It is priced at 1499 yuan (approx. Rs. 15,000) and 1799 yuan (approx. Rs. 19,000).
13:26:08: Xiaomi Mi TV4 with a 75-inch display with ultra-thin smart TV and AI voice assistant. It has a 4K HDR Ultra HD display, 2GB RAM, 32GB storage space and a 64-bit ARM-A53 quad-core processor. It is priced around 8999 yuan (approx. Rs. 90,000).
13:22:58: The Mi 8 SE comes with a dual-camera setup with 12MP+5MP sensors at its rear, a 20MP selfie camera, AI camera features, 4G VoLTE, a 3120mAh battery, etc. The device will be priced at 1799 yuan (approx. Rs. 18,000).
13:18:02: Xiaomi Mi 8 SE is a tailor-made device. It is the first smartphone to use the Snapdragon 710 processor. It features a 5.88-inch display.
13:14:10: The Mi 8 EE comes with 8GB RAM and 128GB storage space. The smartphone comes with a pricing of 3699 yuan (approx. Rs. 39,000). The Mi 8 is priced at 2699 yuan (approx. Rs. 27,000) for the 6GB+64GB variant, 2999 yuan (approx. Rs. 30,000 for the 6GB+128GB variant and 3299 yuan (approx. Rs. 33,000) for the 6GB+256GB variant.
13:08:43: There is a variant of the Mi 8 called Explorer Edition comes with an in-display fingerprint. Xiaomi claims that it will be faster than that on the Vivo X21. The Mi 8 Explorer Edition comes with a transparent back cover, which lets you take a look at the internal components. It has 3D facial unlock too.
12:54:10: The Mi 8 has NFC and Dual-frequency GPS. The latter eliminates interference from buildings and reduces signal delays to increase the accuracy of navigation. It has Animoji as rumored earlier.
12:39:21: The smartphone has a 20MP selfie camera with f/2.0 aperture. It comes with AI Portrait and AI Beautify features. There is Infrared Face Unlock feature, which can unlock the device securely even in the dark. This sensor is housed inside the notch on top of the display.
12:33:12: The Mi 8 has scored 301,472 points on AnTuTu benchmark with the Snapdragon 845 SoC. It has a dual-camera setup with two 12MP sensors at its rear. This camera has incredible features fetching it impressive DXOmark rankings. The Mi 8 has a Studio Lighting feature, which is an AI portrait photography technique to let you look like a star. The rear camera has 4-axis OIS.
12:23:17: Xiaomi Mi 8 has a rear-mounted fingerprint scanner, and a display notch. It boasts of a 6.21-inch AMOLED display with FHD+ resolution and 18.7:9 aspect ratio. The screen-to-body ratio of 88.5%.
12:19:56: Xiaomi Mi 8, the new flagship smartphone has been unveiled.
12:15:10: To summarize, the MIUI 10 has swipe to delete tasks, long press for more options, full screen gestures, maximized screen space, AI Portrait to click bokeh shots on any camera, AI Preload, the ability to control Mi Ecosystem devices and more.
11:55:56: MIUI 10 users can control their smart home devices. The system camera will rely on AI algorithm to identify the subjects. With this capability, the photos are claimed to look even better. MIUI 10 is touted to be fast and is said to have surpassed Mi Mix 2S in the open speed comparison test. MIUI 10 can learn and predict user behavior and do a lot with AI.
11:48:24: MIUI 10 has a new layout with the AI included in the new custom ROM. Xiaomi has unveiled a voice assistant like Google Assistant and Apple Siri. The voice assistant can read messages and updates while you are driving with the Drive mode.
11:47:13: MIUI 10MIUI 10 has new task management gestures suitable for full-screen gesture controls. It breaks the boundary of each functional area to make the interface style more immersive and in line with a full-screen visual experience.
11:45:23: MIUI 10 comes with deep AI integration.
11:35:15: The event has begun.
A Stuartfield couple have celebrated their diamond wedding anniversary marking 60 years together.
Molly and Gordon Smith reached the anniversary milestone on Thursday, June 8.
The couple first met at the dances held at Mintlaw Hall, with Molly confessing that Gordon was “a really good dancer”.
Both Molly and Gordon are from Stuartfield and lived in the village for their whole lives.
Molly worked in the village shop while Gordon worked at the garage.
The pair were married at Old Deer Church and held their reception at the hall in Crichie.
The couple recalled that there was thunder, lightning and hailstones on their big day, but luckily it cleared up and they managed to get a group photo of themselves and their wedding guests outside the hall.
Speaking to the Buchanie about their achievement, Gordon said he was “thunderstruck, I just can't believe it”.
Molly added: “We've had ups and downs like everyone else but it's a great achievement and everybody has been very kind.”
Councillor Jim Ingram visited the couple on their anniversary to give them a card and gifts on behalf of Aberdeenshire Council.
Cllr Ingram said: “It's always a privilege to come aling and celebrate moments like this, 60 years is quite an accomplishment.”
Here lately, the discussion from readers seemed to be centered about where to find an editor (for cheap), or in some cases, just finding someone who will read a manuscript and offer feedback. My answers are pretty clear:
1) Hire an editor (and be willing to pay what it costs), and/or
2) Trade services with another writer on your level or higher (and be willing to invest time into their manuscript), and/or
3) Carefully select/start a critique group and be patient enough to workshop the story over time.
Any wallet can work with one of more of those options. If you want someone to read your work, either pay for it or critique in return. We can't just be takers.
But back to hiring an editor. It's tricky to find one you appreciate and can afford. A cheap editor doesn't always offer iffy quality. And an expensive editor doesn't always get it right. That's why word of mouth is valuable when finding an editor. You want that conduit between someone you trust and the party you're hiring. Sometimes it takes more than one, or two.
Which is why so many people ask me who I recommend. H ow do I get my edits done? (Even with dachshunds in my lap?)
1) First, I'm not a bad editor in my own right, so my manuscripts are fairly clean. Yours need to be, too.
2) Second, I used to use two critique groups, then outgrew them. With my first several novels, these two groups were invaluable. If you are in this stage, hunt high and low to find one or two that fit. Search online, too. And stick with them for a couple years or more.
3) Third, I gravitated to beta readers. Just a couple of serious critiquers, and I seriously critiqued their manuscripts in kind.
4) Fourth, I ultimately hired the strongest beta reader I knew. That is the stage I'm in now. Being under contract, I cannot afford the time delay of a group.
5) Fifth, I am traditionally published, so I know my publisher's editor will beat it up again another three or more times.
For those who will ask (and those who already have), the beta reader I use is now hiring herself out for edits. She is one of two editors at Two-Step Approach, where you'll receive two editors' feedback on your manuscript. I love this combination because you receive two opinions for the price of one. Both of these women have reviewed my novels. One of them has critiqued every novel I've ever written, and she knew me before I was published. I still use these two ladies for developmental edits, even with a traditional press.
There are many fine editors out there. There are many fine critique groups. And many authors have synced with strong beta readers. It takes time (and sometimes money), but the resources are there.
So, you invest time or money into edits, or both. Time is invaluable to everyone. Remember that fact when you ask people to read your manuscript . . . and how often you would do the same for someone else. And if you don't have the time, or feel you don't have the talent to critique someone else, then pay for it.
BIO: C. Hope Clark is founder of FundsforWriters.com and an award-winning mystery author – www.chopeclark.com
With the latest instalment of Star Wars series ‘The Last Jedi' due for release next week, the Force could be with Star Wars fans who have valuable vintage action figures.
Indeed, the classic action figures can be worth tens of thousands of pounds, according to PromotionalCodes.org.uk, who have found the ten rarest and most sought-after.
As well as the very first models of Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader and Obi-Wan Kenobe with “double telescoping” light sabres, collectors also seek the near-legendary ‘rocket firing' Boba Fett, ‘small head' Han Solo and vinyl-caped Jawas.
Classic action figures can change hands for close to £30k, making a discarded collection from the 1970s potentially worth more than the average UK house.
The money saving website looked at how much the vintage 1970s and 80s dolls could fetch today and compiled a list of the ten rarest ones.
The most valuable and sought-after figures are the “carded” ones, which still retain the printed cardboard backing of their original packaging.
Original accessories, such as a blaster and cape for Princess Leia and lightsabre for Luke Skywalker, also increase the value. Figures also command higher prices when they are in good condition.
A very rare Boba Fett from the 1970s, still sealed in its original packaging, sold for £26,040 last year at Vectis Auctions in Teesside.
Previously, the auction house sold an R2-D2 toy dating back to the 1980 film The Empire Strikes Back for £750. Both it and its original packaging were in near mint condition.
A 1977 Jawa figure, also with its original packaging and in near-mint condition, fetched £620, while a 1980 Yoda with its package went for £320.
Meanwhile, various other figures from the 1970s and 80s often go on eBay for around £70.
The holy grails of Star Wars collectibles are the very first versions of Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader and Obi-Wan Kenobe, which had “double telescoping” lightsabres.
Other particularly rare figures include the “small head” Han Solo, which was replaced at an early stage for one with a larger head that looked more like actor Harrison Ford.
There is also the semi-mystical “rocket firing Boba Fett” – one such figurine sold last year at Vectis for an unexpectedly low £18,600.
More recently, Lego produced some valuable, limited edition minifigures of various Star Wars characters as giveaway prizes.
These include a 14-karat gold C-3P0 and solid bronze models of Boba Fett – Lego made just five and four of these, respectively.
Darren Williams of Promotionalcodes.org.uk said: “More than 300 million-Star Wars action figures were sold between 1978 and 1985, so it's safe to say there must be quite a lot that are still floating around in people's possession.
“It's hard to say which toy is the most valuable, since it all depends on things like the condition of the toy, whether it still has its packaging and if so what condition that's in and so on.
“But if you do have a 1970s or 80s toy, it could potentially be worth a lot, so channel your inner mercenary Han Solo and get it valued.”
Ten rarest original Star Wars toys
“Double telescoping lightsabre” figures
The very first action figures of Darth Vader, Obi-Wan Kenobe and Luke Skywalker had lightsabres that extended twice to full length. These were quickly replaced for cost reasons and because the lightsabres were highly breakable.
The Darth Vader double telescoping lightsabre figure is believed to be the rarest of the three, followed by Obi-Wan and Luke Skywalker.
Rocket firing Boba Fett
This toy is almost legendary. An early Boba Fett prototype had a rocket that fired from its back, but did not go into mass production due to safety concerns.
“Small head” Han Solo
The very first Han Solo was discontinued early for not bearing a close enough resemblance Harrison Ford, and replaced by another version with a larger head.
Vinyl cape Jawa
The original “vinyl cape” Jawa model from 1978 is another rarity, having been swiftly replaced with a cloth-caped version.
Blue Snaggletooth
When creating this toy back in the day, manufacturer Kenner had only a black and white headshot to work from. It decided to make the creature blue, but then in the film the alien wore red and was half the height. The original Blue Snaggletooth is a collector's item.
Yak Face
This is especially valuable in America, where it was never sold. It was the last action figure to be made before the line ceased in 1985.
FX-7 Medical Droid
It had just a few seconds of screen time in The Empire Strikes Back, but this model is a jewel for collectors.
Vlix
This little-known character is from the Star Wars spin-off show Droids. It is very rare - only one line of the Vlix model was produced, in Brazil.
1985 Anakin Skywalker
There have been numerous recent Anakin Skywalker dolls, but the 1985 original is a rare collector's item.
White cloaked Bib Fortuna
The Bib Fortuna figure had a brown cloak, but a few prototypes with white ones were produced.
JUNEAU — Marijuana tax revenue in Alaska fell for the second straight month in December, though a state tax auditor says the slide may be short lived.
The state says it collected about $784,000 in marijuana tax revenue in December.
That compares with about $869,000 in November and about $920,000 in October, which is the most that has been collected in a single month since the collection of marijuana taxes from state-licensed businesses began in October 2016.
The tax is imposed when marijuana is sold or transferred from a marijuana cultivation facility to a retail pot shop or marijuana product manufacturing facility.
Tax auditor Dustin Heintzelman said preliminary reports indicate tax revenue for January will be about $1 million. He declined to speculate on why revenue tumbled in November and December.
The human voice can produce rich and varied acoustic signals to transmit information. Normally, this transmission only has a reach of about 200 metres. The Boras, an indigenous group of about 1,500 members residing in small communities in the Amazonian rainforest of Colombia and Peru, can extend this range by a factor of 100 by emulating Bora phrases in sequences of drumbeats. The Boras do this with manguaré drums pairs of wooden slit drums traditionally carved from single logs (each about two metres) through burning. Each drum can produce two pitches, a pair four in total.
Public announcement
The Boras use manguaré drums in two ways. One is the "musical mode", which is used to perform memorised drum sequences with little or no variation as part of rituals and festivals. The other is the "talking mode", which is used to transmit relatively informal messages and public announcements. "For example, the manguaré is used to ask someone to bring something or to come do something, to announce the outcome of non-alcoholic drinking competitions or the arrival of visitors", says Seifart of the former Department of Linguistics at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology where the major part of the now published work was done. "In this model, only two pitches are used and each beat corresponds to a syllable of a corresponding phrase of spoken Bora. The announcements contain on average 15 words and 60 drum beats."
Rhythm essential
The Boras use drummed Bora to mimic the tone and rhythm of their spoken language and to elaborate Bora phrases in order to overcome remaining ambiguities. "Rhythm turns out to be crucial for distinguishing words in drummed Bora", says Seifart. "There are four rhythmic units encoded in the length of pauses between beats. These units correspond to vowel-to-vowel intervals with different numbers of consonants and vowel lengths. The two phonological tones represented in drummed speech encode only a few lexical contrasts. Rhythm therefore appears to crucially contribute to the intelligibility of drummed Bora."
This, the researchers argue, provides novel evidence for the role of rhythmic structures composed of vowel-to-vowel intervals in the complex puzzle concerning the redundancy and distinctiveness of acoustic features embedded in speech.
###
Abstract
A team of researchers, including Frank Seifart and Sven Grawunder of the former Department of Linguistics at the MPI-EVA and Julien Meyer from the Université Grenoble Alpes carried out research into the drummed speech of the Northwest Amazon Boras. They found them not only to reproduce the melody of words and sentences in this endangered language, but also their rhythm. This suggests the crucial role of linguistic rhythm in language processing has been underestimated.
Contact:
Dr. Frank Seifart
Amsterdam Center for Language and Communication
University of Amsterdam
+31 63 7172-346
f.c.seifart@uva.nl
Dr. Sven Grawunder
Department of Human Behavior, Ecology and Culture
Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig
+49 341 3550-326
grawunder@eva.mpg.de
Great Day for a Sail
Entrants in the Junior Sailing Association of Long Island Sound Optimist Championship gathered today in waters off of Cedar Point Yacht Club on Westport's Saugatuck Island. The Optimist is a small, single-handed sailing dinghy intended for use by children up to the age of 15. (CLICK TO ENLARGE) Penny Sousa for WestportNow.com
In a world of fleeting trends in apparel and rapid retail consolidation, VF. Corp is saying “Goodbye to All That" and doubling down on workwear.
Only 10 months into his position as president and chief executive officer of one of the world's largest apparel companies, Steve Rendle has made VF's first acquisition since its 2011 purchase of Timberland by agreeing to an $820 million cash deal for Williamson-Dickie Mfg. Co., the owner of Dickies, Red Wing Shoes, Wolverine and Duluth Trading Co.
Jenn Bruno has a scar the size of a hockey stick that runs all the way down the middle of her abdomen. “But … big deal” she says. “I have a good story to tell.”
The scar is leftover from a 2015 transplant operation that removed 75 per cent of her liver. Bruno's donated organ saved the life of Tony Germano, the father of her best friend, Filomena. After doctors said a transplant was Germano's best chance at survival, Bruno immediately volunteered. She ended up being a perfect match.
“She stepped up right away, which is an incredible thing,” says Filomena Germano.
Both women saw firsthand the toll the transplant took on Tony and his family. Aside from the physical aspects, financial costs created extra strain. Taking time off work was one thing, but frequent travel and accommodations in Toronto – where the transplant was done – added up to steep expenses that there was no coverage for, Germano says.
This inspired the pair, who together founded the organization Ottawa Donors, to plan the ‘Give Gala' in 2016. The event raised money for the Transplant Patient and Family Support Fund at the Toronto General Hospital, which helps cover expenses for patients like Tony. Now, the second annual gala will take place this Saturday.
During her stay at Toronto General, Bruno met other transplant recipients affected by similar financial issues. One story in particular stood out: a woman who had to wait weeks for her liver transplant because her family couldn't afford an extended stay in Toronto.
More than $12,000 was raised last year, and Bruno says if that can be surpassed, she'll be happy. But she says raising awareness about organ donation, and encouraging people to register as donors is equally important. Ultimately, Bruno says it's about getting people to consider the question: “Why wouldn't you try to save someone's life?”
The Give Gala will take place at the Sala San Marco banquet hall this Saturday, Apr. 22, at 6 p.m. For tickets and other information, contact ottawadonors@gmail.com.
UKHIA, Bangladesh (AP) — The newlyweds were asleep in their home in western Myanmar in June when seven soldiers charged in.
The woman, a Rohingya Muslim who agreed to be identified by her first initial, F, knew enough to be terrified. She knew the military had been attacking Rohingya villages, as part of what the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing in the mostly Buddhist nation. She heard just days before that soldiers had killed her parents and that her brother was missing.
Now they had come for her. The men bound her husband with rope, and tied her scarf around his mouth. They yanked off her jewelry and tore off her clothes. They threw her to the floor.
And then, she says, the first soldier began to rape her.
She struggled against him, but four men held her down and beat her with sticks. Her husband finally wriggled the gag out of his mouth and screamed.
And then she watched as a soldier fired a bullet into the chest of the man she had married only one month before. Another soldier slit his throat.
Her mind grew fuzzy. When the soldiers were finished, they dragged her outside and set her bamboo house ablaze.
It would be two months before she realized her misery was far from over: She was pregnant.
_______
The Associated Press reported this story with a grant from the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting.
____________
The rape of Rohingya women by Myanmar's security forces has been sweeping and methodical, the Associated Press found in interviews with 29 women and girls who fled to neighboring Bangladesh. These sexual assault survivors from several refugee camps were interviewed separately and extensively. The women gave AP their names, but agreed to be publicly identified only by their first initial, citing fears they or their families would be killed by Myanmar's military. They ranged in age from 13 to 35, came from a wide swath of villages in Myanmar's Rakhine state and described assaults between October 2016 and mid-September.
Yet there was a sickening sameness to their stories, with distinct patterns in their accounts, their assailants' uniforms and the details of the rapes themselves.
The testimonies bolster the U.N.'s contention that Myanmar's armed forces are systematically employing rape as a “calculated tool of terror” aimed at exterminating the Rohingya people. The Myanmar armed forces did not respond to multiple requests from the AP for comment, but an internal military investigation last month concluded that none of the assaults ever took place. When journalists asked about rape allegations during a government-organized trip to Rakhine in September, Rakhine's minister for border affairs, Phone Tint, replied: “These women were claiming they were raped, but look at their appearances — do you think they are that attractive to be raped?”
Doctors and aid workers, however, say they are stunned at the sheer volume of rapes, and suspect only a fraction of women has come forward. Medecins Sans Frontieres doctors have treated 113 sexual violence survivors since August, a third of them under 18. The youngest was 9.
Each woman interviewed by the AP described attacks that involved groups of men, often coupled with other forms of extreme violence. Every woman except one said the assailants wore military-style uniforms, generally dark green or camouflage. The lone woman who described her attackers as wearing plain clothes said her neighbors recognized them from the local military outpost.
Many women said the uniforms bore various patches featuring stars or, in a couple cases, arrows. Such patches represent the different units of Myanmar's army.
Though the scale of these attacks is new, the use of sexual violence by Myanmar's security forces is not. Before she became Myanmar's civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi herself said Myanmar's armed forces used rape as a weapon to intimidate ethnic nationalities.
Yet Suu Kyi's government has not only failed to condemn the recent accounts of rape, it has dismissed the accounts as lies. In Dec. 2016, the government issued a press release disputing Rohingya women's reports of sexual assaults, accompanied by an image that said “Fake Rape.”
More than three months after the men burst into F's home, she was living with her neighbors — a couple and their 5-year-old son. The timing of her rape left little doubt that the baby growing inside her belonged to one of the men who had caused all her grief.
She could only pray that things would not get worse. And then, one night in mid-September, they did.
The men broke down the door. There were five of them this time, F remembers. They slashed the boy's throat, and killed the man.
Then they turned to the man's wife, and to F. And her nightmare began again.
They stripped off the women's clothes and threw them to the floor. F's friend fought back, and the men beat her so viciously the skin on her thighs began to peel away.
But the fight had gone out of F. She felt her body go soft, felt the blood run between her legs as the first man forced himself on her, and then the second. Three men savaged her friend.
When it was over, the women lay on the floor for days.
Finally, F hauled herself to her feet, pulling her friend up with her. Hand in hand, the women stumbled to the next village, and then began the 10-day journey to Bangladesh.
Which is where F lives now, in a tiny bamboo shelter between two filthy latrines. And it is here that F prays her baby will be a boy — because this world is no place for a girl.
The child will be the only family F has left. For her, the most haunting reminder of the agony she endured also, somehow, represents her last chance at happiness.
“Everybody has died,” she says. “I don't have anyone to care for me. If I give this baby away, what will I have left? There will be nothing to live for.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
MARAWI, Philippines (AP) — An Australian journalist says he is fine after being hit by a bullet in his neck while covering the Philippine military's assault against militants aligned with the Islamic State group in a southern city.
A tweeted video showed ABC journalist Adam Harvey wearing a neck brace and putting on his helmet after receiving treatment Thursday in Marawi. He told reporters he was fine and that he was to get an X-ray.
Harvey was hit at the provincial capitol building, where government officials hold briefings on the progress against the militants who've laid siege to Marawi since last month.
Also Thursday, a suspected militant bomber was arrested in Cagayan de Oro City, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) from Marawi.
Advertisement
Brig. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says Mohammad Noaim Maute was under investigation.
April 12 Capitaland Ltd
* Unit subscribed for and been issued 786,649 new equity shares of par value inr10 per share at a price of inr75 per share
* Subscription is not expected to have any material impact on eps of capitaland group for financial year ending 31 december 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FIVE masked thugs are on the run after they viciously attacked a petrol station worker during a robbery in Melbourne's northeast.
The men are believed to have produced an axe before they punched the employee in the face at the Rattray Rd service station, near Montmorency Primary School, about 6.30pm on Wednesday.
MORE LAW AND ORDER
The victim, who suffered minor injuries, told friends he was “shaken but okay”.
He claimed the attackers were of African descent.
Victoria Police spokeswoman Belinda Batty said police were investigating the incident.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
March 19 (UPI) -- Police in Houston said officers raided a supposed Zumba dance studio in the city and seized dozens of illegal gambling machines.
The Harris County Constabulary Precinct 5 said in a Facebook post that members of the Major Officers Unit raided the illegal game room in a strip mall in Southwest Houston on Wednesday night.
The facility "was masquerading as a Zumba Dance room," investigators said, "but inside were only illegal electronic gaming devices."
Officers arrested an attendant seized more than 40 motherboards from the illegal machines, as well as thousands of dollars in cash.
The constabulary quipped there is "no dancing around gambling laws in Precinct 5."
"Game rooms are not just illegal in Texas," the Facebook post said. "They and their customers are often targets for other types of crime due to large amounts of cash on hand and patrons who are often elderly. Operators of these establishments are often reluctant to report crimes to the proper authorities due to the illegal nature of their businesses."
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
In a move that will surprise no one who'd already laced up their boots, Environment Canada issued a winter weather travel advisory Wednesday morning.
The agency warned of snow, heavy at times, during the morning commute likely adding up to a few centimetres that would quickly cover roads and with visibility as low as 200 metres possible, so motorists should slow down, watch for tail lights ahead and get ready to stop.
School buses were running but motorists took to Twitter for a flurry of frustration about the slow going.
Bronson's worse than the airport parkway. It's like a giant snowy slip'n'slide #otttraffic — DaniGee (@NoodlezandBeanz) February 15, 2017
#417E is backed up to March Rd – for no apparent reason… avoid it if you can! #otttraffic #yowtraffic — Reni Jillett (@Reni_Tamayo) February 15, 2017
Wednesday's forecast is for snow adding up to 5 cm with a high of 0 C. Overnight, expect 2 to 4 cm more snow and a low of -5 C.
On Thursday, periods of snow are expected to end in the afternoon then clouds and a high of -3 C.
Over the past 30 years, #Ottawa has averaged 75cm of snow after Valentine's Day. #OttWx — YOW Weather Records (@YOW_Weather) February 15, 2017
Ottawa is forecast to wake up to -8 C Friday ahead of a mix of sun and cloud and a high of -2 C.
Saturday is expected to feature clouds, a 30 per cent chance of flurries and a high of 2 C.
Get ready for a slushy Sunday. Environment Canada is predicting clouds and a high of 8 C. After an overnight low of -2 C, Monday is expected to be cloudy with a high of 4 C.
Regular red or white wine's got nothing on rosé — especially when you're looking to make a fancy, trendy cocktail to sip on as the sun blazes away.
You can pair practically anything with this pink booze, and it's perfect for any kind of outdoor event. So if you're looking for a super-simple cocktail to mix up for your guests or for yourself, you really can't go wrong with any of these rosé-based drinks crafted by Bite Me More.
With the addition of fresh fruit, brandy, soda and, of course, rosé, mix up a massive batch of this stuff and then watch it disappear as your guests drink up every last drop. The longer you wait for all the flavours to mix, the better it'll taste.
There's no drink more refreshing than a minty mojito, and the additional tartness of the rosé and sweet raspberries just enhance all the different tastes. Thanks to the mint, raspberries and lime, this truly is the ultimate refreshing cocktail.
Sick of the regular, old flute of champagne? Make it more summer-appropriate by adding in rosé, triple sec, orange bitters and zest as well as some fresh berries. Try toasting on that.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
MERIDIAN, Idaho—The stars of Meridian Speedway assembled Saturday, August 12, for Alpha Home Systems Lucky Rides Night at the quarter-mile oval. The College of Western Idaho Super Stocks, TEAM Mazda Mini Stocks, Teleperformance Claimer Stocks, College of Western Idaho High School Tuners, and Junior Stingers battled to position themselves for the final stretch run to a speedway championship.
The Junior Stingers brought five fast competitors to their fifteen lap feature. On the green Nampa, Idaho's Jessica Harris and Star, Idaho's Hannah Scott battled door to door for the top spot. Harris put her Kim's Kars, Challenger Auto Transport machine out front early, but she quickly came under fire from Meridian, Idaho's Rusty Houpt. Houpt navigated his Boise Spring Works, Drip Catchers LLC racer from the back of the pack to the leader's rear bumper in two laps, and by lap five Houpt held the top spot.
But Houpt wasn't safe up front either as fellow Meridian, Idaho racer Hailey Rogers moved around Harris and put her H&H Accounting, Goodwill Finance machine in the runner-up spot on lap seven. Rogers made quick work of Houpt's advantage and with six laps left Rogers began her assault on the lead. After two hard laps of racing Rogers took the top spot and sped away from the field to take the checkers.
“Rusty [made me] work for that,” Rogers said in the Caleb's Chop Shop Winner's Circle.
The College of Western Idaho High School Tuners ran through their 20 lap feature. On the green Nampa, Idaho's Kendra Occhipinti shot from her back of the pack starting spot to lead the first half of lap one, but her brother Taylor Occhipinti got an even better start and steamed to the lead going into turn three.
While the Occhipinti siblings' Marv's Tire Service, Dillon Auto Craft Performance Engines machines held the top two spots on the Pepsi-Cola scoreboard, Rusty Houpt, fresh off of a runner-up finish in the Junior Stinger main event, stormed past Sierra Lawrence's Commercial Tire of Grandview, R&R Services of Boise racer and Jett Nelson's entry to take third place. Try as Houpt might, he couldn't track down runner-up Kendra Occhipinti or race winner Taylor Occhipinti before the checkered flag fell.
The TEAM Mazda Mini Stocks packed the quarter-mile for a 25 lap contest. The green flag waved and Boise, Idaho's Will Ostrum moved his Diversified Carpet Cleaning, Volt Vapes machine past Katie Lober for the lead. First to challenge Ostrum was Kuna, Idaho's Jayson Wardle, who used the inside groove to put his Catapult 3, Lazee Days RV Rental racer up front on lap three. But Wardle had company immediately in the form of Caldwell, Idaho's Jason Sanders and Meridian, Idaho's Donovan Johns. Sanders was the first to make a move, but the inside line wasn't kind to his Divel Services, It Works by Jennifer Sanders machine, and he fell back to third.
At the race's halfway mark second place Johns' Volt Vapes, March Financial Services entry lost power and allowed Sanders to launch his second attack on the top spot. Lapped traffic slowed Sanders' advance, but with seven laps left the track cleared and the battle resumed. Circuit after circuit Sanders tried the inside, and time after time Wardle kept his racer out front and crossed the Caleb's Chop Shop victory stripe first.
“Jason's one of my best buddies,” Wardle said of the first place battle. “I have to hand it to him, he drove the wheels off of that thing tonight.”
The College of Western Idaho Super Stocks had thirty laps to find a main event winner. On the green Kuna, Idaho's John Riparetti shot to the lead in his Riparetti Cylinder Heads, Clark Transmission of Nampa machine, but the man on the move was Pat Tully, who raced his way from mid-pack to the lead in just two laps with Nampa, Idaho's Melissa Arte in tow. Arte wasted no time pulling even with Tully, and for four laps the pair battled side by side for the top spot. Though Tully fought hard, Arte's Marv's Tire Service, Dillon Auto Craft Performance Engines entry was too strong and she powered to the lead.
Tully pushed his machine hard to keep pace with Arte, and with a dozen circuits remaining the strain proved too much for Tully's engine. The ensuing clean up brought out a red flag and reset the field for a final dash to the checkers.
Arte raced back to the point as the green flag waved while Caldwell, Idaho's Daniel Johnson and Meridian, Idaho racer Ben Crow diced for the runner-up spot behind her. Johnson moved his Darlene's Printing, Real Estate Unlimited machine into the runner-up spot as Crow settled his Excel Equipment Co., Trenching Services Co. racer into third. But all the action happened behind Arte, who ran away from the field for the win.
“I was actually glad we got that red flag,” Arte said of the mid-race break. “This was the hottest race night I can remember for a long time.”
With just two races left in the College of Western Idaho Super Stock season, Arte's victory all but cemented her eighth Meridian Speedway championship.
The Teleperformance Claimer Stocks brought a full field of racers to the start of their thirty lap main event. On the break Caldwell, Idaho's Scott Lawson blasted past Fred Nagele to lead lap one. Frist to challenge Lawson was Boise, Idaho's Josh Fanopoulos, who turned up the wick on his Certified Services racer and moved to the leader's outside on lap seven. Fanopoulos broke through three laps later, with Boise, Idaho's Dan Lowther in tow. Lowther wasted no time and soon put his Allan Marsh Travel Center, Kline's Alternators and Starters of Marsing racer atop the Pepsi-Cola scoreboard.
But Fanopoulos wouldn't settle for second, and kept the pressure on Lowther through the race's middle stages. While the leaders dueled out front, Rich Lawson pushed his Swan Falls Technology Websites and Computers, Franklin Auto and Truck Repair machine hard in pursuit of fourth place Jamie Hyde. Sparks flew from Lawson's racer as he dove into the turns, and with eight laps left Lawson finally made his way around Hyde.
With the battle for fourth settled, the lead battle heated up as Fanopoulos launched his final bid for the win. With six laps to go Fanopoulos pulled to the outside, but slid wide and allowed Lowther to claim his eighth main event victory of the season.
Meridian Speedway wraps up its August festivities this Saturday, August 19, with Hot August Cruze and Drag Night at the quarter-mile. A vast array of hot rods and cool customs join the NASCAR Whelen All-American Modifieds, Project Filter Pro-4s, and Teleperformance Claimer Stocks on the quarter-mile asphalt oval. General admission to Saturday's full night of cruising and racing is just $11 for adults, $6.50 for kids 7-11, and as always kids 6 and under get in free. Gates open at 4 p.m. with qualifying at 5:15 p.m. and racing at 6:30 p.m. Log on to meridianspeedway.com to purchase your advance tickets and text ‘meridianspeed' to 84483 to receive exclusive updates from around the quarter-mile oval. We'll see you this Saturday, August 19, for Hot August Cruze and Drag Night under the big yellow water tower at your NASCAR Home Track, Meridian Speedway.
Meridian Speedway
Saturday's Unofficial Results
Alpha Home Systems Lucky Rides Night
8/12/2017
Main Events
Teleperformance Claimers (25 laps)-1.Dan Lowther 2.Josh Fanopoulos 3.Brian Hyde 4.Rich Lawson 5.Jamie Hyde
College of Western Idaho Super Stocks (25 laps)-1.Melissa Arte 2.Daniel Johnson 3.Ben Crow 4.Tommy Harrod 5.Ron Hayes
TEAM Mazda Mini Stocks (25 laps)-1.Jayson Wardle 2.Jason Sanders 3.Ian Michael Pedersen 4.Luke Wolverton 5.Will Ostrum
College of Western High School Tuners (20 laps)-1.Taylor Occhipinti 2.Kendra Occhipinti 3.Rusty Houpt 4.Sierra Lawrence 5.Jett Nelson
Junior Stingers (15 laps)-1.Hailey Rogers 2.Rusty Houpt 3.Jessica Harris 4.Hannah Scott 5.Cody Castricone
Heat Races
(8 laps each)
Teleperformance Claimer Stocks
A Heat-1. Jamie Hyde 2. Rich Lawson 3. Josh Fanopoulos 4. Dan Lowther 5. Brian Hyde
B Heat-1. Scott Lawson 2. Micky Lawson 3. Fred Nagele 4. Mirinda Miles
College of Western Idaho Super Stocks
A Heat-1. Pat Tully 2. Melissa Weaver-Arte 3. Daniel Johnson 4. Ben Crow
B Heat-1. John Riparetti 2. Ron Hayes 3. Tommy Harrod 4. Hunter Gates
TEAM Mazda Mini Stocks
A Heat-1. Donovan Johns 2. Jason Sanders 3. Ray Bolinger 4. Luke Wolverton
B Heat-1. Ian Michael Pedersen 2. Jayson Wardle 3. Will Ostrum 4. Katie Lober 5. Doug Woods
College of Western Idaho High School Tuners
A Heat-1. Taylor Occhipinti 2. Kendra Occhipinti 3. Sierra Lawrence 4. Jett Nelson
(6 laps)
Junior Stingers
A Heat-1. Jessica Harris 2. Rusty Houpt 3. Hannah Scott 4. Hailey Rogers
Trophy Dashes
(4 laps each)
Teleperformance Claimers – Josh Fanopoulos
College of Western Idaho Super Stocks – Daniel Johnson
TEAM Mazda Mini Stocks – Luke Wolverton
College of Western Idaho High School Tuners – Taylor Occhipinti
Junior Stingers – Hailey Rogers
Qualifying
Teleperformance Claimers-Dan Lowther, 15.673 seconds
College of Western Idaho Super Stocks-Melissa Arte, 14.146 seconds
TEAM Mazda Mini Stocks-Donovan Johns, 15.332 seconds
College of Western Idaho High School Tuners-Taylor Occhipinti, 16.254 seconds
Junior Stingers-Hailey Rogers, 16.819 seconds
Half of us (48%) confess to believing we are good or very good at DIY despite a third (33%) having admitted that they have suffered a DIY disaster.
A quarter of fearful Brits (27%) revealed that they wouldn't even dream of taking on a large DIY project themselves. However, of those who say they are terrible at DIY, 39% are still giving it a go with one fifth of Handy Andy's (17%) splashing out up to £500 to fix the error of their ways.
Time is money
Overall, 40% of DIY projects were underestimated in terms of cost, and 46% were underestimated in terms of time. Despite this, three quarters of people (76%) believe they saved money doing it themselves. Meanwhile eight out of 10 Brits would happily take on another significant DIY project, while 19% are putting their spanner to bed.
The survey, from money saving experts Voucherbox.co.uk has found that those with experience of kitchen renovations give a different tale as over a third (35%) report it's costing over £4,000. More than 1 in 10 (13%) cost over £10,000 and 6% over £20,000.
Building on a budget
35% of Brits prioritise redecorating and set aside an average £500 for the task while 15% are getting their green fingers at the ready to tackle gardening, with a budget of up to £1,000.
Of those who had recently re-decorated, almost three in ten (28%) stated it cost more than they anticipated, almost the same amount who believe they may have lost money by not hiring a tradesperson (29%). Whilst the majority (48%) took an average of 2 weeks to complete the re-decorating, 36% reported that it took longer than first expected.
Marco Piu, Voucherbox general manager, said: “Spring is a popular time to dust off those tools and start putting planned DIY projects into action. The survey revealed re-decorating is on the agenda for the majority of Brits, which makes it the perfect time to hunt for online deals.
“The survey also revealed several unfortunate incidents which are often the result of inexperience. DIY merchant blogs and social channels provide a great source of expert tips and best practice that will hopefully keep you from making a costly mistake.”
× Kmart in East Stroudsburg Set to Close This Summer
EAST STROUDSBURG — There are only a few months left for shoppers, including Samantha Camel, to load up carts at Kmart in East Stroudsburg.
The store will close sometime this summer.
“I think it's terrible because this is the only Kmart up here now. They closed the one near me in Mount Pocono. They closed that one up so this is the only closest one to me and I come all the way here to shop and now they are closing this one,” said Camel.
“I think it's terrible because, you know, if you don't want to go to Walmart, you can go to Kmart so, and I don't know where another one is so I think it's terrible they are slimming down our choices,” Dorothy Gillard, East Stroudsburg.
People who shop at this Kmart tell us they are also concerned about what happens after it closes. They don't want this big space to sit vacant in East Stroudsburg.
“The place back over there, it closed, it was a Weis and they closed and it just sits there until every Halloween season when it gets rented out and then it just sits after that. So it probably will just sit here,” said Gillard.
Others worry about the jobs that will be lost.
“It's sad because other big stores are taking away all the business and it's putting a lot of people out of a job,” said Dionne Maikranz, Bushkill.
Managers at the Kmart in East Stroudsburg confirmed plans to close the store, but could not give an exact date.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Marriage licenses
Dustin Jay Nolan, Saint Clair, and Suzanne Donaldson, Saint Clair.
Christian B. Frantz, Pottsville, and Ashley J. Usalis, Minersville.
Christopher R. Snyder, Tamaqua, and Wendy E. Henninger, Tamaqua.
Joseph T. Lugo, Orwigsburg, and Rachel A. Laudeman, Orwigsburg.
Joshua K. Harkins, Pottsville, and Tina M. Deliman, Pottsville.
Kevin M. Schuler, Pottsville, and Casey A. Gerres, Pottsville.
Kyle L. Oliver, Shenandoah, and Dorothy L. Cole, Shenandoah.
Joshua M. Hunsicker, Mc-Adoo, and Nicole K. Mateyak, McAdoo.
Travis J. Steward, Millington, Maryland, and Laisha Perkins McCrimmon, Pottsville.
James P. Lake, Barnesville, and Samantha L. Verta, Barnesville.
Angel Z. Gonzalez, Mar Lin, and Crystal S. Rovera-Perez, Mar Lin.
Jonathan M. McHugh, Tamaqua, and Desiree M. Alsvan, Tamaqua.
Patrick Murphy Jr., Pottsville, and Melissa A. Zuppert, Pottsville.
Donn M. Walck, McAdoo, and Elizabeth N. Monek, McAdoo.
Leory J. Flickinger, Shenandoah, and Rebecca J. Spiess, Shenandoah.
Timothy B. Laughlin, Orwigsburg, and Jenifer L. Weachock, Orwigsburg.
Kody M. Rittenbaugh, Hegins, and Vanessa E. Emerich, Hegins.
Divorces granted
Eric Donatti, Schuylkill Haven, from Donna Donatti, Schuylkill Haven.
Angelina Love, Pine Grove, from Russell Love, Pine Grove.
Christina Amaya, Auburn, from Hector Amaya, Schuylkill Haven.
Chris-T Cardona, Mahanoy City, from Rick Cardona II, Debary, Florida.
Mary Beth Crant, Pottsville, from Donald Grant, Washoughal, Washington.
Tracy Newcomer, Pine Grove, from Richard Newcomer, Pine Grove.
Amy Jo Heckman, Schuylkill Haven, from Stewart Heckman Jr., Lancaster.
James Wosochlo, Orwigsburg, from Aurora Baldares-Martinez, Orwigsburg.
Jennifer Peel, Schuylkill Haven, from Preston Peel, Schuylkill Haven.
Nicole Fayash, Gettysburg, from Charles J. Fayash, Brockton.
Deeds
Ashland — Russell L. Jr. and Kristi Mountjoy to Christopher Galluppi and Peggy Rosser; 301 and 307 Hoffman Blvd.; $98,700.
Barry Township — Michael and Ruth Ann Spece to Brent D. and Caitlin M. Barnett; 5781 Airport Road; $215,000.
Virden H. Header to Tyler R. and Stephanie Ann Strohecker; 5-acre property on Deep Creek Road; $1.
Butler Township — Bernard F. and Bridget A. Kelly to Scott and Jill Allen; 47 High Road, Lavelle; $175,000.
Allen D. and Barbara J. Pennypacker to Robert E. Pennypackeer; 64 Main St.; $1.
Cressona — Stephen N. and Juli A. Schneck to Stephen N. Schneck; 22 Thomas St.; $1.
East Union Township — Russell Andrew Mehalick, executor of the Estate of Joyce K. Mehalick, to Russell Andrew Mehalick; 182 Fourth St., Oneida; $1.
Eldred Township — Mae V. Kahler to Adam R. Kehler; property in Pitman; $1.
Frackville — Peter Weremedic, individually and as executor of the Estate of Carol Sagan, Marie Weremedic, Nicholas and Barbara Sagan and Theodore and Jeanette Sagan to Peter and Marie Weremedic; 344 S. Balliet St.; $1.
Kline Township — Mark and Laura Rossell to Ramon Severino and Kristin McMillan; 44 Center St., Kelayres; $84,900.
Norwegian Township — Deborah Klotunowitch and Cecilia Elison, co-executrices of the Estate of Victoria C. Trusky, to Deborah Klotunowitch; 808 Pinewood Drive; $153,630.
Michael Riegle to Brian J. Stankavage; 816 N. 16th St.; $112,000.
Orwigsburg — Jeffrey R. Bamford, executor under the Last Will & Testament of Mary Catehrine Malenka, to Robert J. and Jessica Brennan; 320 MacArthur Drive; $197,000.
Pottsville — Enrique Castro and Wilson Castro to Suzanne McGee; 217 Howard Ave.; $19,250.
Sang S. O'Reilly to Joseph Dunnigan; 2303 W. Norwegian St.; $69,000.
Gina Thompson to Michael R. Riegle and Nicole R. Tavizon; 525 Carbon St.; $155,000.
Schuylkill Haven — Patrick M. Roach, administrator c.t.a. of the Estate of Martin P. Donahue and administrator of the Estate of Martina Mary Theresa Roach, Harold M. Roach and Heather M. Mannon to Patrick M. and Amanda R. Roach; 605 Hillcroft Ave.; $1.
Tamaqua — Raymond P. Kresge Jr. and Brett R. Kresge to Rieckehoff & Benjamin LLC; 321 Columbia St.; $20,000.
CACL Fedral Credit Union to John E. Mickey III and Stefenee K. Mickey; 608 Hazle St.; $18,000.
Upper Mahantongo Township — Clark A. Reiner and Roy S. and Cynthia Reiner to Roy S. Reiner; 4-acre property on Mahantongo Mountain; $1.
Wayne Township — Samuel W. and Deborah Frey to Russell L. Mountjoy Jr.; 397 Schuylkill Mountain Road; $239,900.
West Brunswick Township — Michael W. Barto and L. Samuel Deegan to Michael W. Barto and L. Samuel Deegan; 1.4522-acre property on Kimmels Church Road; $1.
By The Associated Press
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Jaime Nared had 23 points and 13 rebounds and No. 11 Tennessee outlasted No. 2 Texas 82-75 on Sunday in a physical matchup of unbeaten teams.
Mercedes Russell Russell added 15 points and 12 rebounds to help Tennessee to the 10th 10-0 start in school history and the second in Holly Warlick's six seasons as coach.
Tennessee maintained a narrow lead throughout the final 19 minutes and overcame some shaky free-throw shooting down the stretch by making seven of its last eight field-goal attempts.
Lashann Higgs scored 13 points for Texas (7-1).
NO. 6 MISSISSIPPI STATE 86, LITTLE ROCK 48
STARKVILLE, Miss. (AP) — Morgan William scored a season-high 16 points and Mississippi State overpowered Little Rock to improve to 9-0.
Teaira McCowan added 13 points and 11 rebounds, and Victoria Vivians had 12 points and 10 rebounds. The Bulldogs have won 31 straight regular-season nonconference games and 30 nonconference home games in a row.
Monique Townson and Kyra Collier each had 11 points for Little Rock (3-6).
NO. 10 WEST VIRGINIA 101, COPPIN STATE 43
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) — Katrina Pardee scored a career-high 25 points and West Virginia reached 909 for the second straight season.
Teana Muldrow added 22 points for West Virginia. Genesis Lucas scored 10 of her 15 points in the second quarter for the Eagles (1-9).
NO. 13 FLORIDA STATE 77, ARIZONA STATE 66
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Imani Wright scored 22 points and Florida State used a big first quarter to turn back Arizona State.
Florida State is 10-0 for the third time ever, and two shy of its best start ever. Shakayla Thomas had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Seminoles, and AJ Alix added 14 points and 11 assists.
Reili Richardson led the Sun Devils (7-3) with a career-high 18 points.
NO. 14 DUKE 101, WINTHROP 30
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Lexie Brown scored 32 points, Haley Gorecki added a career-high 20 for Duke.
Brown was 14 of 22 from the field, two more field goals than the Eagles had (12 of 46). Gorecki went 7 of 11, including 5 of 7 behind the arc for the Blue Devils (8-2), who shot 61 percent for the game.
Kayla Brown had 12 points for Winthrop (1-8).
NO. 17 MISSOURI 78, SIU-EDWARDSVILLE 48
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — Sophie Cunningham had a career-high seven 3-pointers and a season-high 35 points and Missouri rolled to its ninth straight victory.
Cunningham was 11-of-16 shooting with all five of her misses for the Tigers (9-1) coming from 3-point range. Gwen Adams led the Cougars (3-5) with 12 points.
NO. 19 OREGON STATE 110, SAN JOSE STATE 62
CORVALLIS, Ore. (AP) — Marie Gulich scored 22 points, Taylor Kalmer had 19 and Oregon State broke 100 points for the first time since 2015.
Kat Tudor added 15 points for the Beavers (6-2). Myzhanique Ladd matched her career high with 19 points for the Spartans (2-7).
MIAMI 65, NO. 20 KENTUCKY 54
CORAL GABLES, Fla. (AP) — Endia Banks had 13 points and eight assists and Miami handed Kentucky its second straight loss.
Erykah Davenport added 12 points and 12 rebounds for the Hurricanes (6-3). Maci Morris had 18 points for Kentucky (8-3). The Wildcats were coming off a 70-64 loss at Florida Gulf Coast on Friday night.
NO. 22 VILLANOVA 69, TEMPLE 65
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Alex Louin scored with 43 seconds left and she and Adrianna Hahn made 3 of 5 free throws to help Villanova hold off Big 5 rival Temple for the Wildcats' best start in 37 years.
Villanova is 9-0 to start a season for the first time since the 1979-80 season. Tanaya Atkinson had 24 points and a season-high 18 rebounds for Temple (7-3).
NO. 23 GREEN BAY 76, LOYOLA-CHICAGO 39
CHICAGO (AP) — Jessica Lindstrom had 14 points, 12 rebounds and five assists for Green Bay.
Frankie Wurtz had 16 points and five rebounds, and Karly Murphy added 14 points on 7-of-10 shooting from the floor for the Phoenix (8-1). Jessica Cerda led Loyola-Chicago (1-8) with 13 points.
NO. 24 MICHIGAN 54, KENT STATE 41
ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) — Hailey Brown and Hallie Thome each scored 11 points and No. 24 Michigan overcame a slow start to get past Kent State.
Nicole Munger added 19 points for Michigan (8-2). Alexa Golden had 15 points for Kent State (6-5).
NO. 25 CALIFORNIA 92, PACIFIC 85
STOCKTON, Calif. (AP) — Kristine Anigwe had 28 points and 18 rebounds for California,
Penina Davidson added 22 points and 10 rebounds for Cal (7-2). Luaulu-Summers had 18 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists for Pacific (4-5).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Isaac Vassell has joined Birmingham from Luton for an undisclosed fee.
The 23-year-old striker has been linked with a move to Birmingham and their Sky Bet Championship rivals Bristol City and the former have now matched the sum wanted by the Hatters and handed him a four-year contract.
Vassell, who bagged a brace in their League Two season-opening 8-2 thrashing of Yeovil last weekend, notched 16 goals for the Hatters following his signing from Truro last summer.
He told Birmingham's official website he was keen to make his mark, with the possibility he could make his debut in their home clash with Bolton tomorrow.
“I am absolutely buzzing, I can't wait to get going,” said Vassell.
“It's been going on for the past couple of months, that sort of thing, and once the club put in a bid that was accepted, I was just so excited and I am looking forward to moving on to the next chapter in my career now.”
He said the Montreal heat exposure victims were between 50 and 80.
"None of the people we've identified in the last four days had air conditioning at home," Kaiser noted.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted condolences to the relatives of the Quebec victims.
No deaths have been reported in other provinces. In Ontario, a spokeswoman for the coroner's office said it couldn't confirm if there were any heat-related deaths, adding it could take weeks or several months to complete such probes.
Kaiser said one reason Quebec has been reporting so many deaths is because it's part of the province's extreme heat plan, where health officials work in tandem with first responders and emergency rooms to track down potential cases of heat-related illnesses and deaths.
"We go out to the paramedics, we go out to the hospitals and we ask them to make sure to identify any deaths they believe are related to heat and that allows us to intervene more quickly," Kaiser said.
He cited a case in recent days in which a death in a home for the elderly led authorities to move five other people deemed at risk to a facility equipped with air conditioning.
Police and firefighters also continued to go door to door in areas identified as having people considered at high risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, those who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
Also on Wednesday, the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area called on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency.
Urgences-sante said it has been inundated by the volume of calls — 1,200 calls per day in Montreal and nearby Laval over the past four days, which is 30 per cent more than usual on busy days.
By Sidhartha Banerjee, The Canadian Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BRIDGEWATER TOWNSHIP -- Harold Empett has a message for Pennsylvania's most famous ground hog:
"I want to say 'thank you' Punxsutawney Phil for greatly bringing on another six more weeks of winter for us, thank you."
Because, instead of watching the big game on Super Bowl Sunday, he and other plow drivers in Susquehanna County will be outside fighting the winter weather just like they would if it were any other day.
"We'll be out here in the snow taking care of our constituents, motoring public, making sure everybody's safe," says Harold Empett, a foreman in Susquehanna County for PennDOT.
Eric Rogers tells Newswatch 16 he plans to be on the roads all day on Sunday.
"All the way through the snow. As soon as the snow starts, I start. Yep, I end when it ends," says Rogers.
A lot of plow drivers will be working this Sunday and unfortunately, they'll have to miss their Super Bowl family traditions.
"Super Bowl parties, you know, the food, family, fun times, drinking," adds Rogers. But he will join in the Super Bowl fun the only way he can.
"Yeah, I'll listen to the Super Bowl on the radio the whole time," Rogers tells Newswatch 16.
Harold Empett has another message, this time for drivers heading to and from parties who may find themselves sharing the road with a plow:
"Be prepared because they will be out there and if you don't have to get out there, don't get out. Just so you know we want everybody to be safe. You'll be out there but go home, enjoy the Super Bowl and don't drink and drive."
And he says to remember there are people out there working to keep you safe.
After Xiaomi, it looks like Vivo is also dropping the price of its smartphones. The Chinese manufacturer has now announced that it is cutting down the price of Vivo V5s permanently by Rs. 2,000 in India.
After the price cut, the smartphone is now available at a price of Rs. 15,990. Vivo V5s was originally launched at a price of Rs. 18,990, and the handset had earlier received a price cut to Rs. 17,990, back in July. Now with the new price drop, the device has become even more affordable.
Besides, the company might be aiming to get closer to the sub-15,000 market in India and definitely take on competitors as well. Just this morning we reported that Xiaomi Mi A1 got a permanent price cut of Rs. 1000 and was available at Rs. 13,999 via mi.com and Flipkart.
However, in the case of Vivo, at the time of writing this article, on visiting Flipkart it listed the Vivo V5s at the usual price of Rs. 17,990. But the listing should be updated with revised pricing in the coming days. The news about the revised pricing has been shared by Mahesh Telecom, a Mumbai-based retailer for Vivo smartphones. The retailer has posted about the revised pricing on Twitter, and a company representative has also confirmed the new pricing to Gadgets 360 as well.
In any case, if you are interested in the device here is what it has to offer.
Vivo V5s comes with a 5.5-inch HD display with a resolution of 720x1280 pixels. The smartphone is powered by a 1.5 GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6750 processor paired with 4GB of RAM. The handset offers 64GB of internal storage which is further expandable up to 256GB via microSD card.
As far as the cameras are concerned, Vivo V5s sports a 13-megapixel rear sensor with dual-LED flash. Up front, there is a 20-megapixel sensor along with a flash. The device is backed by a 3000mAh non-removable battery and it runs on FunTouch OS 3.0 based on top of Android v6.0 Marshmallow.
The dual-SIM smartphone offers connectivity options like Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include compass magnetometer, proximity sensor, accelerometer, ambient light sensor, and gyroscope.
Vivo V5s measures 153.80 x 75.50 x 7.55 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 154.00 grams.
Monday, August 14, 2017
ISRAEL: Apparently even 800 years ago, Crusader forces were aware of the concept of always leaving yourself a way out of a sticky situation. Conservation and restoration work in the old city of Tiberias exposed a secret escape tunnel that once connected the 12th-century Crusader citadel directly with the harbor on the Sea of Galilee. The surviving 21-foot section may have been used during times of turmoil, especially when the fortress was besieged by the Muslim general Saladin in 1187. —Jason Urbanus
MIAMI — Derek Jeter says when his ownership group took over the Miami Marlins in October, he thought Giancarlo Stanton would be with the team in 2018.
The Marlins traded Stanton because the National League MVP didn't want to be part of the franchise's rebuilding, Jeter said Monday.
Jeter said the deal with his former team, the New York Yankees, was the best one available to the Marlins, giving them much-needed financial flexibility and upgrading a weak farm system.
The Marlins' new CEO made his comments shortly before Stanton held a news conference at baseball's winter meetings in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, to discuss a trade being celebrated in New York but panned by beleaguered Marlins fans.
Jeter wants to reduce his revenue-starved franchise's payroll by at least 20 percent to $90 million or less, and Stanton will make $25 million next year. But trading him wasn't a given, Jeter said.
“I told him, ‘When we acquired this team, our thoughts were that you were going to be with us,”' Jeter said. “I relayed to him we wanted him to be a part of the organization, but it's his choice. He said he wanted to move on. There were three great options for him, and he chose which one he wanted to go to.”
Stanton had a no-trade clause in his record contract, for which he's owed $295 million over the next 10 seasons. Last week he turned down prospective trades to St. Louis and San Francisco before accepting the Yankees' deal.
Jeter has drawn criticism for the trade and other moves early in his tenure as an owner but said he would have done nothing different regarding Stanton. The Marlins acquired two prospects and second baseman Starlin Castro.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“Contrary to popular belief, we were not stuck with this deal,” Jeter said. “This was the best deal out of the three for our organization. ... We think we got some good prospects in return.”
Further payroll paring is likely at the winter meetings, which Jeter is not attending. Castro and outfielders Marcell Ozuna and Christian Yelich are believed to be on the trading block.
But the departure of Stanton increases the Marlins' options.
“It's tough to have one player be such a huge part of your payroll,” Jeter said.
The payroll purge is the latest in a series for the Marlins, who haven't been to the playoffs since 2003 and have finished last in the NL in attendance 12 of the past 13 years.
With Stanton gone, neither the team's record nor support by antagonized fans is likely to improve soon.
“Look, I get it. They're upset. They're passionate,” Jeter said. “That's what makes them fans. But the bottom line is the fans want to see a winning product on the field. They haven't seen a winning product on the field.
“To do this, we're going to have to make some moves and build this organization. I would tell the fans: Be patient. What had been in place has not been working, and we need to fix that.”
