BRISBANE, Australia — Alexander Zverev has beaten Australia's Nick Kyrgios 6-2, 7-6 (3), 6-2 in the first reverse singles Sunday to advance Germany to the Davis Cup World Group quarterfinals.
Germany went into Sunday's play leading 2-1 after a double win Saturday. A fifth best-of-three singles match was to be played later Sunday.
The fifth-ranked Zverev says: "It's an amazing feeling, hopefully this is just the beginning for us."
No. 14-ranked Kyrgios looked frustrated from the start of the match on hard courts at Pat Rafter Arena, and required a second-set medical timeout to receive treatment on his right arm.
The City of Delaware Police Department is current accepting signups for the inaugural Fish with a Cop event, which will take place in July.
Delaware Police Officer and School Resource Officer John Hartman said Tuesday that the idea was a collaborative effort between himself and Dave Fields, a police assistant.
“We've always had a love of fishing and talk about it a lot,” Hartman said. He added they wanted to do the event last year, but it just didn't work out.
Hartman said from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. on July 7, officers from the police department and the Ohio Department of Natural Resources will be at Blue Limestone Park to fish with the community.
The event is free, and Hartman said children ages 6 to 13 will get their own reel and rod at the event, thanks to a grant the police department is working on.
“I'm excited to get kids out of the living room and put a fishing pole in their hands instead of a joystick,” Hartman said. “Have some fun and enjoy the outdoors. It's something I preach a lot at Dempsey — getting off technology.”
The first two hours of the event will be a “Passport to Fishing” put on by ODNR, which is a simple introduction to fishing and water safety.
After the course, the event will consist of a fishing derby, Hartman said. He added there will be prizes for the biggest fish caught and the most fish caught, among other things.
Hartman added for the police department, it's a chance to interact with the community in a casual setting.
“I'm hoping people get a chance to get out and do something different with police officers in a relaxed atmosphere,” he said.
Brennan Helcher, who will be a freshman at Hayes when the 2018-2019 school year rolls around in August, said he talks to Hartman about fishing all the time and fishes in his spare time.
“I was excited when I heard about (the event),” Helcher said. “Fishing is fun but relaxing. You sit in the shade and talk to your friends, but it's competitive.”
Hartman said because this is the first time for the event, registration is capped at 100.
Residents can register for the event by contacting Hartman at 740-203-1133 or at jhartman@delawareohio.net.
City of Delaware School Resource Officer John Hartman teaches second-grader Ella Mowery how to fish at Blue Limestone Park on Tuesday. The police department will host the Fish with a Cop event on July 7 from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. https://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_Fishing-1.jpg City of Delaware School Resource Officer John Hartman teaches second-grader Ella Mowery how to fish at Blue Limestone Park on Tuesday. The police department will host the Fish with a Cop event on July 7 from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m.
By Glenn Battishill gbattishill@aimmediamidwest.com
Glenn Battishill can be reached at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @BattishillDG.
Glenn Battishill can be reached at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @BattishillDG.
DAKAR, April 12 Democratic Republic of Congo hopes to import electricity from South Africa, an expensive measure aimed at reducing a gaping power deficit that has dented mining output in the continent's top copper producer, the chamber of commerce said on Wednesday.
Congo is plagued by massive energy shortfalls and scarce rainfall could cause a near 50 percent drop in output in the country's main hydroelectric plants during the May-September dry season.
Delegates from Congo's public power utility and chamber of commerce will negotiate imports from South African power utility Eskom on Thursday and Friday, said Eric Monga, the president of Congo's chamber of commerce in the southeastern mining region.
The export would involve transporting power hundreds of miles through grids in Zimbabwe and Zambia, raising costs.
"It's clearly more expensive...but the economic interest is so great that we are obliged to go hear them out," Monga told Reuters.
Congo's copper-mining Katanga region receives only about half the power it needs from the national grid, forcing operators to rely on expensive generators or imports, usually from neighbouring Zambia. Congo does not currently import electricity from South Africa.
Monga said each mining company would be free to eventually negotiate with Eskom for the power it requires. Major operators in Congo include Glencore, Ivanhoe Mines and Randgold.
Congo is meant to construct a new 4,800 MW, $14 billion dam on the Congo River by 2020 - with 2,500 MW earmarked for South Africa - but progress has stalled with the government yet to select a developer. (Reporting By Aaron Ross; editing by Edward McAllister and Louise Heavens)
× William Christopher, Father Mulcahy on ‘M*A*S*H,' dies
(CNN) — William Christopher, known for his portrayal of chaplain Father Mulcahy on the beloved TV show “M*A*S*H,” has died, his agent told CNN.
Christopher passed away Saturday morning, agent Robert Malcolm said. The actor was 84.
The actor had a small carcinoma and had been diagnosed about 18 months ago, said his son, John Christopher, who added that his father was doing great until two or three weeks ago when his health started to decline.
William Christopher was at home in Pasadena, California, with his wife Barbara when he passed peacefully and without pain, Malcolm said.
Born in Evanston, Illnois, Christopher started his acting career in New York City in several off-Broadway productions that eventually led to Broadway shows, CNN affiliate KTLA said.
He won his biggest fame with “M*A*S*H,” the popular series that ran for 11 seasons from 1972 until its high-rated finale in February 1983.
The show, based on the 1970 movie, centered on Army surgeons and staffers during the Korean War. Characters such as chief surgeon Hawkeye Pierce (Alan Alda) dished out wry humor as they dealt with the stress of wartime.
The Father Mulcahy character was the spiritual leader of the medical complex in South Korea, the 4077th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital.
“His pals from #MASH miss Bill powerfully. His kind strength, his grace and gentle humor weren't acted. They were Bill,” tweeted Alda, Christopher's former co-star, on Sunday.
Even though he played a Catholic priest, in real life Christopher was a Methodist, according to the Internet Movie Database.
Christopher had many other parts in TV and film. He voiced Angel Smurf on “The Smurfs” TV series, appeared in “Murder, She Wrote,” was a priest in 1994's “Heaven Sent,” and portrayed Father Tobias on the daytime soap, “Days of Our Lives,” in 2012.
By Radio.com Staff
A Green Day demo tape—so rare the band reportedly doesn't even recall it—has surfaced with three songs recorded between 1992-1993, after their 1991 album, Kerplunk! Reportedly recorded on a boom box, the hissy analog tape features acoustic versions of “J.A.R”, “Having A Blast”, and “Don't Wanna Fall In Love.” According to YouTube user who posted the audio (lifted from a bit torrent site) was forgotten so long ago that the band isn't aware of the tape's existence.
Related: Green Day to Help Distribute The Story of East Bay Punk
While J.A.R., made its way to the Billboard Hot 100 via the 1995 Angus soundtrack, and “Having A Blast” could be found on their massively successful album Dookie, “Don't Wanna Fall In Love” was relegated at the time to the B-side of a “Geek Stink Breath” 7″ single. It was later released on the Shenanigans compilation album.
Listen to the three recordings below.
April 28 Net long positions on the U.S. dollar were little changed from last week, according to calculations by Reuters and Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday.
The value of the dollar's net long position totaled $15.29 billion in the week ended April 25, from $15.34 billion the previous week.
Japanese yen net short positions, meanwhile, fell to 26,869 contracts, their lowest since late November. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; editing by Diane Craft)
The appointment of an Iranian Olympic champion as Fiji's national weightlifting coach has led to a mass withdrawal of youth, junior and senior athletes from the Oceania Championships next month.
Among the protesters is Eileen Cikamatana, Fiji's sportswoman of the year and one of the best young weightlifters in the world, who has told insidethegames "there is no point continuing in the present set-up".
She is also boycotting two World Championships and has called on her Prime Minister to intervene after publicly accusing the head of her national federation of "destroying my dreams of winning an Olympic medal for Fiji".
The Fiji Association of Sport and National Olympic Committee (FASANOC) sent a delegation to talk to athletes and officials who announced their boycott in protest at the ousting of former national coach Joe Vueti, and the appointment of the 2000 Olympic 105 kilograms champion and former Iran and Oman head coach, Hossein Tavakoli.
Twenty-one of the 25 members of Fiji's national squads at all age levels have pulled out of the Oceania Championships in New Caledonia in the last week of June.
Fiji's youngest lifters will lose their chance to qualify for the Youth Olympic Games at those Championships.
Atma Maharaj, President of Weightlifting Fiji, acknowledged the receipt of a petition letter, and statements by Cikamatana declaring her withdrawal from the Oceania Championships, the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) Junior World Championships - for which she was gold medal favourite - in July and the IWF Senior World Championships in November, an Olympic qualifying event for Tokyo 2020.
"We are taking a conciliatory approach on this matter," said Maharaj.
"We respect the decision of the athletes and officials."
Hossein Tavakoli won Olympic gold at Sydney 2000 and has been appointed Fiji's coach ©Getty Images
Maharaj also explained the reasons for the coaching change and voiced his "disappointment with the approach taken", saying that any disputes could have been settled amicably and privately.
Weightlifting Fiji asked FASANOC to send an independent delegation to mediate in Levuka, the island where Vueti and most of Fiji's weightlifters live, about 90 minutes by boat from the capital, Suva.
Vueti held the official title, until this month, of national development officer, though he has been regarded as Fiji's national coach for many years.
He and another former lifter, Peni Tawai, set up the Jungle Club gym in the village of Baba, Levuka, in 2002 - at the top of a flight of 400 steps.
Almost all of Fiji's top lifters, including Cikamatana, fellow Commonwealth Games medallist Apolonia Vaivai and double Olympian Manueli Tulo, trained at the Jungle Gym, as did all those involved in the boycott.
Cikamatana, 18, was first introduced to weightlifting by Tawai, her teacher, before Vueti took her on at the Jungle Gym.
She competed in the Oceania Talent Identification Programme before being sent to the Oceania Institute in New Caledonia early in 2016, since when she has been coached by Paul Coffa.
In the new regime she would be expected to train in Suva under Tavakoli.
Weightlifting Fiji said Tavakoli had been appointed as part of a programme to take the nation to a new level in the sport, and tied in with plans to create an elite performance centre in Suva.
Next year Suva is the host city for the IWF Junior World Championships.
Vaivai and Tulo had already relocated to Suva more than a year ago, said Maharaj, and other elite athletes would be provided with accommodation and a living allowance.
"Weightlifting Fiji is getting worldwide praise for being able to attract someone of the calibre of Hossein Tavakoli," he said.
"Anywhere else in the world, athletes and coaches will be clamouring for the opportunity of being coached at home in a high-performance system under the guidance and supervision of a former Olympic Games gold medallist and recent coach of an international weightlifting superpower."
The steps to the Jungle Gym which has trained Fiji's weightlifters ©Paul Coffa/OWF
In a letter to all team members, Maharaj said: "The appointment of the international coach fits in with our overall ambition of developing a genuine high-performance culture, assembling the best possible team, and producing a cadre of strong home-grown world class athletes and growing the sport in Fiji from a developmental phase to a world class level."
Maharaj said the plans, and Tavakoli's appointment, were supported by the Fiji Government, the Fiji National Sports Commission, the Fiji Sports Council and FASANOC.
Cikamatana, a Commonwealth Games gold medallist at 90kg last month, said in a statement sent to insidethegames and local newspapers: "Five weeks ago I was standing so proud and honoured on the stage of the Commonwealth Games at the Gold Coast, with tears streaming down my face, looking at my Fijian flag raised with the national anthem booming.
"I won a gold medal for my country.
"These are moments that very few people can experience."
Now, she said, she feels "bitterness, disappointment and heartbreak" over the sacking of Vueti.
She said her mother and sister, vice-president and Executive Board member of Weightlifting Fiji, had not been told of Tavakoli's appointment until after it had been made.
Maharaj said both women has been involved in discussions "at length" about a new coach since last year, and that on April 29 Vueti himself had been enthusiastic about bringing athletes to Suva in the new regime.
Cikamatana said Maharaj had shown "deliberate disregard for the lifters and coaches" and had "certainly destroyed my dreams of winning a medal at the Olympic Games".
In a recent training session Cikamatana, who took silver at last year's IWF Juniors, was in career-best form.
Cikamatana has returned from her elite training home in Noumea, New Caledonia to discuss the situation with her family in Fiji.
Eileen Cikamatana shows emotion after winning Gold Coast 2018 gold ©Getty Images
She said Vueti was regarded as "the father of weightlifting in Fiji" and had been national coach for many years - "longer than the current crop of Executive Board members of Weightlifting Fiji".
There was no reply from Vueti to an email request to talk to insidethegames.
Tavakoli has been appointed with funding and support from a Government-backed plan to appoint more foreign coaches.
In 2016 Fiji won its first Olympic medal in any sport when the men's rugby sevens team, coached by Englishman Ben Ryan, took gold - making Ryan a national hero.
Cikamatana was dreaming of being the first Fijian to win an individual Olympic medal.
Maharaj is hopeful that Cikamatana and the others will reconsider their boycott to keep those hopes alive.
With only one more sleep until Super Bowl Sunday, A-list celebrities have taken over every corner of the Twin Cities. One of those big names in the public eye on Saturday was a familiar face for Minnesotans. Adrian Peterson, former Vikings running back and the all-time leading rusher in franchise history, made his first public appearance in Minnesota since his career in purple came to an end after the 2016 season.
Adrian Peterson back in Minnesota pic.twitter.com/Y9Mim2ZPwu — Chris Tomasson (@christomasson) February 3, 2018
Peterson was at the Mall of America, which has been a hub of Super Bowl activity all week. According to Chris Tomasson of the Pioneer Press, Peterson received nothing but warmth from the assembled crowd.
Peterson spoke on both his future and his past. Saying he'd like to play for at least four more seasons in the NFL and that he'll always “bleed purple” from his 10 years in a Vikings uniform. The future Hall of Fame running back had a frustrating 2016 season. He looked out of sync early in the year with the New Orleans Saints and suffered a season-ending injury after showing a couple glimpses of his old self with the Cardinals.
The Vikings running game was just fine in its first season without No. 28 since 2006. Rookie starlet Dalvin Cook looked like the league's next great back before suffering his own season-ending injury in the fourth game of the season. And the duo of Jerick McKinnon and Latavius Murray had no problem shouldering the load the rest of the way.
It's still nice to see Peterson enjoying being in Minnesota again and that any hard feeling that may have existed look to have disappeared.
Adrian Peterson on being back in Minnesota at Mall of America appearance: "It feels good always coming home and getting a warm welcome. I was here for 10 years. … At the end of the day, I'll always bleed purple. Coming back here, I was just hugging fans.'' — Chris Tomasson (@christomasson) February 3, 2018
Let's watch some highlights of those 10 years shall we?
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
(Reutlingen/Aachen) – Retina Implant AG (https://www.retina-implant.de/en/) presented the latest research results on its subretinal implant at the “Artificial Vision” conference in Aachen in early December. This international symposium on visual prostheses is organised by RWTH Aachen University. It is regarded as an unmissable European event for specialists in the field of “artificial vision”.
Research into artificial vision using prostheses has been under way since the 1960s. Following initial promising findings in the 1990s, major technological advances have led to further tangible results in the last few years. As early as 2008, a previously completely blind patient was able to make out his name, written in 8 cm white letters on a black background, using the subretinal implant from Reutlingen-based Retina Implant AG. Since then, the expectations placed on the electronic implants have increased continuously. Most patients with an implanted chip can identify light sources, which makes it easier for them, for example, to find their way around a room again.
“Now our job is to meet the high expectations raised by our initial successes,” explained Dr. Alfred Stett, CTO of Retina Implant AG. “We”ve been able to sufficiently prove that our implant can restore partial sight to people who perceive very little or no light as a result of retinitis pigmentosa. At “Artificial Vision”, we had extensive discussions about the technical and medical challenges that still need to be overcome.” These include the service life of implants, which need to function in the body without a hermetic casing over many years, vision-training and rehabilitation after the implant has been activated as well as re-implantations. “Once again, the symposium showed there is now a very wide range of different technical and surgical methods for implants. However, the experts all agreed that visual prostheses offer real prospects for patients who became blind as a result of a degenerative retinal disease.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Medivir Ab:
* MEDIVIR HAS COMPLETED A DIRECTED SHARE ISSUE OF APPROXIMATELY 155 MSEK
* MEDIVIR SAYS ‍COMPANY INTENDS TO USE NET PROCEEDS FROM DIRECTED ISSUE TO MORE RAPIDLY ADVANCE DEVELOPMENT OF COMPANY‘S CLINICAL PORTFOLIO WHILE SIMULTANEOUSLY CONDUCTING OUT-LICENSING DISCUSSIONS FOR MIV-711, WITH AMBITION OF ENTERING INTO A PARTNER AGREEMENT DURING 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
(Adds quotes, background)
By Ahmed Hagagy
KUWAIT, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Iraqi Oil Minister Jabar al-Luaibi said on Sunday that a deal signed with Tehran to swap up to 60,000 barrels per day of crude produced from the northern Iraqi Kirkuk oilfield for Iranian oil is for one year and subject to renewal.
The agreement signed on Friday by the two OPEC countries provides for Iran to deliver to Iraq's southern ports, on the Gulf, “oil of the same characteristics and in the same quantities” as those it would receive from Kirkuk.
“This is an agreement for one year and then we will see after that whether to renew it,” Luaibi told reporters in Kuwait City on the sidelines of an Arab oil ministerial meeting.
The deal in effect allows Iraq to resume sales of Kirkuk crude, which have been halted since Iraqi forces took back control of the fields from the Kurds in October.
Between 30,000 and 60,000 bpd of Kirkuk crude will be delivered by tanker trucks to the border area of Kermanshah, where Iran has a refinery.
Luaibi also said that the construction of an oil pipeline from Kirkuk to the Turkish port of Ceyhan will take one year to build.
It will replace an old, badly damaged section of the Kirkuk-Ceyhan pipeline. It will start from the nearby city of Baiji and run to the Fish-Khabur border area with Turkey.
The territory that the Kirkuk-Ceyhan pipeline ran through was taken by Islamic State militants in 2014 and then recaptured by U.S.-backed Iraqi forces over the past two years.
The minister said he plans to visit Kirkuk oilfield on Thursday with a senior executive from BP to “activate” an agreement signed with the British oil company to help Baghdad halt a huge decline in output from Kirkuk and increase production to higher levels.
“We have a memorandum of understanding with BP to evaluate Kirkuk oilfield to raise output and enhance it reservoirs,” Luaibi said.
Iraq has asked BP to help increase output from Kirkuk oilfield to more than 700,000 barrels per day.
Kirkuk is one of the biggest and oldest oilfields in the Middle East, still estimated to contain around 9 billion barrels of recoverable oil, according to BP.
BP has provided technical assistance in the past to the Iraqi state-owned North Oil Company to aid the redevelopment of the Kirkuk field. (Reporting by Ahmed Hagagy; writing by Rania El Gamal; editing by Jason Neely)
LONDON May 3 Britain's grocery market grew by 3.7 percent in the 12 weeks to April 23, the fastest rate since September 2013, driven by Britons splashing out on food at Easter and inflation edging higher, industry data showed on Wednesday.
Market researcher Kantar Worldpanel said all 10 major retailers were in growth for the first time in three-and-a-half years. Grocery prices jumped 2.6 percent year-on-year in the period, up from the 2.3 percent recorded in the 12 weeks to March 26.
Market leader Tesco posted growth of 1.9 percent while Sainsbury's grew by 1.7 percent, Asda grew by 0.8 percent and Morrisons grew by 2.2 percent. Asda's growth marked the first year-on-year sales rise since October 2014.
The results were boosted by the timing of Easter, which fell later than normal this year.
(Reporting by Kate Holton, Editing by Paul Sandle)
ABUJA, March 29 Nigeria's state oil company plans to move into power generation and transmission, its chief said in a statement on Wednesday, as the firm tries to resolve the country's long-standing power problems.
Despite regularly taking the top spot among Africa's oil producers, Nigeria's power generation and electricity grid are plagued by a lack of investment and poor infrastructure which leaves many people dependent on private generators.
The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) wants to transform "from an oil and gas company into an integrated energy outfit with interest in power generation and transmission," said Maikanti Baru, the firm's group managing director, according to the statement.
The NNPC's "decision to diversify into the power sector was hinged on the need to bridge the huge energy gap in the Nigerian market," Baru said, according to the statement.
The statement gave no details of the amount the NNPC plans to invest or any indication of a timeline.
Nigeria privatised most of its power sector in 2013 but retained control of the dilapidated monopoly grid operator, the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN).
If the country's power plants operated at full tilt, the transmission network could not handle the load. (Reporting by Paul Carsten and Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Mark Potter)
April 28 Cathay Financial Holding Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$2 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/pEbuXQ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The head of Prague police Miloš Trojánek has strongly denied the claim that an investigation into the Stork's Nest affair was politically ordered. On the police website, he also strongly denied that the police request for ANO leader Andrej Babiš and deputy leader Jaroslav Faltýnek be stripped of parliamentary immunity was timed to impact the election this autumn. The head of the Prague police said that members of the regional police who he represented were apolitical. The police are investigating subsidy fraud in the case of the Stork's Nest, a recreation and hotel facility linked to the company Agrofert and, in the past, members of Mr Babiš family.
April 5 Yum China Holdings Inc reported a 20.7 percent rise in quarterly earnings, as margins improved.
Net income rose to $175 million, or 44 cents per share, in the first quarter ended Feb. 28, from $145 million, or 40 cents per share, a year earlier.
The company's same-store sales rose 1 percent.
Total revenue fell to $1.28 billion from $1.30 billion. (Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
The Latest: Law firm says it asked congressman for interview
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Files –This Oct. 22, 2015 file photo shows U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, on Capitol Hill. Two men who were wrestlers at Ohio State University in the 1990s say Jordan isn't being truthful when he says he wasn't aware of allegations team doctor Richard Strauss was groping male wrestlers, NBC reported Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Male athletes from 14 sports at Ohio State have reported alleged sexual misconduct by Strauss, whose 2005 death at the age of 67 was ruled a suicide. Jordan's spokesman says in a statement the congressman never saw or heard about any abuse or had any abuse reported when he was an assistant wrestling coach at Ohio State. less FILE –This Oct. 22, 2015 file photo shows U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, on Capitol Hill. Two men who were wrestlers at Ohio State University in the 1990s say Jordan isn't being truthful when he says he wasn't ... more Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 2 of 3 Former Ohio State wrestler Mike DiSabato discusses abuse he says he suffered at the hands of a late Ohio State team doctor in the 1990s, on Monday, July 2, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio. DiSabato and another former wrestler also say U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, a former Ohio State wrestling coach, isn't being truthful when he says he wasn't aware at the time of abuse allegations against Dr. Richard Strauss, who died in 2005. less Former Ohio State wrestler Mike DiSabato discusses abuse he says he suffered at the hands of a late Ohio State team doctor in the 1990s, on Monday, July 2, 2018, in Dublin, Ohio. DiSabato and another former ... more Photo: Andrew Welsh-Huggins, AP Image 3 of 3 The Latest: Law firm says it asked congressman for interview 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — The Latest on two former Ohio State wrestlers' allegations that U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan knew athletes were being abused (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
A law firm representing Ohio State University says an investigative team unsuccessfully sought an interview with an Ohio congressman about sex abuse allegations at the university two decades ago.
Kathleen Trafford is an attorney with the Porter Wright law firm. She says their legal team is continuing efforts to schedule an interview with Republican U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan.
Two former Ohio State wrestlers say Jordan hasn't been truthful when asserting he was unaware of allegations that a now-dead team doctor was abusing athletes.
Jordan's spokesman says the congressman never saw or heard about any abuse or had any abuse reported when he was an assistant wrestling coach at Ohio State.
Porter Wright hired Seattle-based Perkins Coie (coo-ey) to investigate the allegations against the late Richard Strauss.
___
3:30 p.m.
The U.S. House speaker's office is calling "serious" statements by two former Ohio State wrestlers that Republican Rep. Jim Jordan hasn't been truthful when asserting he was unaware of allegations that a now-dead team doctor was abusing athletes.
Speaker Paul Ryan's spokesman issued a statement Tuesday in response to news reports that 1990s wrestling students Mike DiSabato and Dunyasha (duhn-YAH'-shuh) Yetts say Jordan knew at the time that doctor Richard Strauss was groping male wrestlers.
Doug Andres says the university has "rightfully initiated a full investigation into the matter" and the speaker will "await the findings of that inquiry."
Jordan's spokesman says the congressman never saw or heard about any abuse or had any abuse reported when he was an assistant wrestling coach at Ohio State.
___
1:43 p.m.
Two former wrestlers at Ohio State University say a congressman isn't being truthful when he says he wasn't aware of allegations that a team doctor was abusing athletes.
Mike DiSabato and Dunyasha (duhn-YAH'-shuh) Yetts both wrestled at the university in the 1990s. They say U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, an Ohio Republican who has expressed interest in running for House speaker, knew at the time that the doctor was groping male wrestlers.
The wrestlers' allegations were first reported Tuesday by NBC.
Male athletes from 14 sports at Ohio State have reported alleged sexual misconduct by Richard Strauss. Strauss died in 2005.
Jordan's spokesman says in a statement the congressman never saw or heard about any abuse or had any abuse reported when he was an assistant wrestling coach at Ohio State.
SEATTLE – An Uber driver who was demanding money before returning a woman's purse quickly changed his mind Sunday after a Seattle officer sent him a text and a selfie, police said.
The woman contacted officer Eric Michl on Capitol Hill around 2 a.m., saying she'd left her purse, wallet and ID in the Uber.
She was distraught because she was scheduled to fly home later that day, and worried she wouldn't be able to without her identification, according to KCPQ. She said she had called the driver and offered to pay his fare if he brought her things back, but he refused and demanded more money.
Michl called the driver and left a voicemail. Then, he sent a text, telling the driver he could be arrested and his car could be impounded if he didn't return the woman's purse.
To prove he was a police officer, Michl also sent a selfie.
The driver quickly brought the woman's purse back, saying he'd been busy taking other fares.
"Some people say that was a bad post, but I still look at it as a very positive post because it gave us a wider audience to follow up with an anti-drinking and driving message, which is what that message was in the first place," he said.
Hartlen said the Facebook page has given them the platform to talk about important messages and reach people well beyond the town's borders.
He said if they have a funny message one day, then they can do something more serious the next day.
Earlier this year, the force posted a video describing the dangers of eating laundry detergent pods.
The force did a Facebook Live post with a veterinarian inside an enclosed car on a hot day to talk about what was happening. They also did one on the dangers of the drug fentanyl, which has gotten about two-million views.
Hartlen said while his initial efforts at humour raised some eyebrows with his bosses, they see the benefits of getting people to visit the website on a regular basis.
"When you get the comical posts, people will keep following. Then you have the opportunity to do the serious posts," he said.
The Kardashians are taking a moment to reflect on their cultural roots.
Kim Kardashian West, 37, and her brother Rob Kardashian, 31, took to Twitter to remind followers that Tuesday is Armenia's Genocide Remembrance Day.
“Today marks 103 years since the start of the #ArmenianGenocide perpetrated by the Turkish Ottoman Empire that killed up to 1.5 million Armenians. Turkey to this day denies a genocide took place,” read a post retweeted by Kim and Rob.
Kim Kardashian in Armenia
On Monday, Kim applauded Armenian citizens after Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan resigned after 11 days of protest.
“It's so inspiring to see all Armenians united in peaceful protests making a difference. It's a historic day for Armenia,” the mother of three captioned a photo of herself from a 2015 family trip to the country. “I used this image of me in Armenia because this woman touched my heart and to me she represents the heart of so many strong Armenians!”
It's so inspiring to see all Armenians united in peaceful protests making a difference. It's a historic day for Armenia. ❤️🇦🇲💋 I used this image of me in Armenia because this woman touched my heart and to me she represents the heart of so many strong Armenians! pic.twitter.com/a00Z5al46N — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) April 23, 2018
Today marks 103 years since the start of the #ArmenianGenocide perpetrated by the Turkish Ottoman Empire that killed up to 1.5 million Armenians. Turkey to this day denies a genocide took place. pic.twitter.com/VZ0QX6a3j2 — Armenian Genocide (@Genocideof1915) April 24, 2018
Robert Kardashian Sr., who died in 2003, was Armenian: Kim's great-great-grandparents immigrated to Los Angeles in 1914, just one year prior to the genocide.
“We have no existing family left in Armenia. Had they not escaped, we wouldn't be here,” she wrote in a 2015 piece for Time. “There are so many people who lost their families, and the stories of how they were killed are so heartbreaking—they should never be forgotten. The whole point of remembering the genocide is to make sure it doesn't happen again. A million-and-a-half people were brutally massacred, and a country can just pretend like it never happened? I don't think that's right.”
RELATED: Inside Kim Kardashian's Emotional Family Trip to Armenia
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star visited Armenia with sister Khloé, husband Kanye West and daughter North in 2015. The trip was filmed for the family's hit E! show and coincided with the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide.
“My family wanted to go back to Armenia for the longest time,” Kim wrote for Time. “My dad would have loved to go. My grandparents would have loved to go. My great-grandparents would have loved to go. None of them were able to go.”
RELATED VIDEO: Kourtney and Kim Kardashian Join Cher at Premiere of Armenian Genocide Film ‘The Promise'
During the trip, they visited their dilapidated ancestral home and saw the Mother Armenia statue in Yerevan, a memorial commemorating the victims of the Armenian genocide.
“The Mother Armenia statue symbolizes peace through strength,” wrote Khloé in the caption of an Instagram photo. “The Mother Armenia statue symbolizes peace through strength. It can remind viewers of some of the prominent female figures in Armenian history. Who took up arms to help their husbands in their clashes with Turkish troops and Kurdish irregulars. I am woman to hear me roar! Blessed to be here!!!
The trip also included a meeting with then-Armenian Prime Minister, Hovik Abrahamyan.
“He expressed how proud they are that we are proud Armenians and we have not forgotten our roots!” Kim tweeted of their conversation.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
April 12 Orchid Island Capital Inc:
* Orchid Island Capital Inc- company's estimated book value per share as of March 31, 2017 was $9.75
* Orchid Island Capital Inc - estimates it generated net income per common share of $0.07 for quarter ended March 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Lubawa SA:
* Said on Friday that it ended negotiations and started process of signing an agreement with Ministry of Defense of Egypt for delivery of overalls to disarm explosives
* The deal is worth 3.8 million euros ($4.15 million)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9160 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Military personnel inspect a site of an attack at the Saba Yoi district, in the troubled southern province of Songkhla, Thailand April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Surapan Boonthanom
A military personnel inspects a site of an attack at the Saba Yoi district, in the troubled southern province of Songkhla, Thailand, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Surapan Boonthanom
Military personnel inspect a site of an attack at the Saba Yoi district, in the troubled southern province of Songkhla, Thailand April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Surapan Boonthanom
BANGKOK A string of gun and grenade attacks in southern Thailand that killed two people reflects tension over talks aimed at ending violence there, a conflict monitoring group said on Thursday, warning against similar attacks in future.
Thailand's far south has battled a separatist insurgency since 2004, when resistance to Buddhist rule in the Muslim-majority region flared. More than 6,500 people, most of them civilians, have died in separatist violence since.
Eight people were wounded in 13 incidents on Wednesday across the provinces of Narathiwat, Pattani and Songkhla, near Thailand's border with Malaysia. No group has yet claimed responsibility.
The attacks follow the Thai government's rejection of a conditional offer for peace talks made this month by one of the main insurgent groups, the Barisan Revolusi Nasional (BRN).
The violence was the BRN's way of showing it is capable of coordinated strikes as a way to push for peace talks, said Srisompob Jitpiromsri, head of independent monitoring group Deep South Watch.
"This reflects attempts to create conditions for peace talks in the future," Srisompob, whose group tracks violent incidents in the region, told Reuters.
"The group is expected to carry out similar attacks periodically, which will likely affect peace dialogues in the long run."
A Thai security official blamed the attacks, which targeted security forces and civilians on "people who want to cause chaos", but did not single out the BRN.
"It looks like their intention wasn't to kill, but rather to cause disorder," Colonel Yutthanam Petchmuang, a spokesman for the Internal Security Operations Command, told Reuters.
The violence followed coordinated attacks in the region on April 7, just hours after King Maha Vajiralongkorn signed into law a new constitution, as a step towards ending military rule.
The new constitution, which critics say will entrench military rule in Thailand, was widely opposed in the south.
"The BRN is showing that it is the right negotiating partner, which can control and command the fighters on the ground," Rungrawee Chalermsripinyorat, an independent researcher who monitors the conflict, told Reuters.
Talks between the government and a handful of shadowy insurgent groups began in 2013, under the democratically-elected government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, overthrown in 2014 by the military in the name of ending political turmoil.
In February, the government said it had reached a breakthrough pact with MARA Patani, an umbrella group that says it speaks for insurgent groups in the south. Analysts say only a handful of BRN members belong to the group, however.
The provinces of Narathiwat, Pattani and Yala formed part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate before being annexed by Thailand in 1909.
(Editing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre and Clarence Fernandez)
SYDNEY Violence has flared at an Australian asylum-seeker detention centre in Papua New Guinea (PNG), and shots were fired when local people tried to break into the centre after an argument got out of hand, media and a rights group reported on Saturday.
There were no reports of serious injuries at the centre on Manus island but the trouble is likely to add to pressure on Australia from rights groups and the United Nations to close it and another centre in Nauru, criticised over poor conditions.
Australia's ABC broadcaster said a large number of PNG men tried to break into the detention facility on Friday evening and police fired shots to disperse them.
The men came back with guns and fired up to 100 rounds into the facility's accommodation wing, ABC reported.
Australia's Department of Immigration and Border Protection confirmed in a statement that there had been trouble.
"There was an incident at the Manus RPC overnight involving residents and PNG military personnel," the department said, referring to the so-called regional processing centre.
"PNG military personnel discharged a weapon into the air during the incident. The incident was quickly resolved."
One inmate was reportedly hit in the head by a rock thrown over the fence and was getting treatment, a department spokeswoman said.
She declined to comment on a report two guards had been injured or that shots were fired into the complex. She referred questions to PNG authorities.
PNG officials were not immediately available for comment.
Images posted on social media appeared to show bullet holes in the walls of the camp accommodation wing.
The incident was believed to have been sparked by an altercation between asylum seekers and a PNG resident, the rights group Amnesty International said.
Australia has a strict policy of not allowing anyone who tries to reach the country by boat to settle there, instead detaining them in the Pacific camps, where asylum claims processing can take years. Even if people are found to be genuine refugees, they are barred from Australia.
The policy has drawn criticism from the United Nations and rights organisations amid a global debate on how to manage people displaced by conflict.
Many of the people trying to reach Australia have been from the Middle East and Afghanistan.
Attempts in recent years to resettle some of them in Cambodia and Malaysia collapsed.
The PNG Supreme Court last year ruled that the detention of asylum seekers on Manus breached the constitution and ordered that the camp be closed.
(Reporting by Peter Gosnell; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Is it really just a movie, or are we all actually stuck in the same time loop? No matter how hard young reporters try to find a new angle, or how much their editors demand one, it is near impossible, and we all end up reading the same story, year after year.
Like the main character in the film, most journalists are unlikely to be enthusiastic about the assignment, yet editors everywhere keep sending reporters into the breach.
Once in a while, of course, someone comes up with something brilliant, lyrical, philosophical, poignant and profound, and to them we owe our great thanks.
But mostly it's just another weather story dressed up as, well, a story about a furry mammal somehow predicting when winter will end.
Which brings us back to everyone's favourite topic.
Especially in Canada, where we have such swings, the weather seems always on our minds, for good reasons and bad, and always part of the conversation.
How many times Friday did you discuss the weather? In the elevator, at the water cooler? Did you check the latest report before making weekend plans? Or did you just absorb it by osmosis, whether you read about Willie or not?
Meanwhile, no season defines Canadians better than winter. No season is deeper into our bones. No season is worth more talk, more consternation, and more news. No story is more difficult to write creatively than a weather update.
No wonder we still love Willie, even after all these years.
Paul Berton is editor-in-chief of The Hamilton Spectator and thespec.com. You can reach him at 905-526-3482 or pberton@thespec.com
April 20 Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc:
* Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc receives orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food And Drug Administration for ADX-102 in sjögren-larsson syndrome
* Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc- FDA granted Aldeyra's novel compound ADX-102 orphan drug designation for treatment of congenital ichthyosis
* Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc- pivotal phase 3 study is expected to begin later this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
James Harden remained outwardly confident after yet another so-so outing that led to a loss for the heavily favored Rockets. Game Three was his second straight stint without a make on his trademark stepback three-point shot, a startling development that explained in part the sluggish showing of the red and white. His go-to move typically keeps the National Basketball Association's most efficient offense humming, and its utter lack of effectiveness has led to relative predictability.
Needless to say, Harden kept on shooting yesterday, not just as a reflection of his unshakable self-assurance, but out of necessity. The Rockets need him to make hay with his virtuoso forays from beyond the arc so that the sun would shine on his teammates. Unfortunately, he kept missing, which then allowed the Timberwolves to keep pace — that is, until he didn't midway through the second quarter. And though the score was close at the half, he had found his groove, all but enabling the visitors to assert their superiority in front of 18,978 hostile fans.
Considering how much the Rockets were due, their 50-point third canto served as a welcome release for the heavy favorites. Not for nothing had they won a league-high 65 regular season games, and they knew asserting their place in the totem pole against the eighth-seed Timberwolves was a matter of when, not if. For all the spunk showed by the latter in Games Two and Three, yesterday was more representative of the real order in the stacked West.
In the aftermath of the Rockets' victory, plenty of ink was devoted to Harden's 22-point barrage backstopped by All-World partner Chris Paul's 15-point output in the penultimate period. All things considered, however, their leech-like defense was equally significant. Yes, the much-maligned presumptive Most Valuable Player awardee was extremely active in his coverages, limiting the Timberwolves' effectiveness in exploiting a perceived weakness.
Which, in a nutshell, was why head coach Mike D'Antoni kept on saying “we'll be fine” during the times they weren't. He knew Harden would break out, and how. And if Game Four is any indication, the Rockets have momentum to end the series in five and get some time to rest and prepare for the conference semifinals. They'll want to ride it.
Anthony L. Cuaycong has been writing Courtside since BusinessWorld introduced a Sports section in 1994.
A sign is seen at an AstraZeneca site in Macclesfield, central England April 28, 2014. REUTERS/Darren Staples
LONDON An experimental drug spun off by AstraZeneca last year to an unlisted U.S. biotech firm could cut menopausal hot flashes by nearly three-quarters, according to results from a small mid-stage clinical trial.
The British drugmaker licensed rights to the medicine, which is given as a pill, to Millendo Therapeutics as part of its strategy to divest non-core drug development.
Findings published on Monday in the Lancet medical journal suggest the arrangement is working well for Millendo, which is backed by venture capitalists. AstraZeneca also holds a stake in the company.
The drug, known as MLE4901, works in a novel way by blocking a chemical called neurokinin B.
Hot flashes or flushes, also known as vasomotor symptoms, have been a problematic field for drug research. Hormone replacement therapy can help some women but the therapy can increase the risk of breast cancer and blood clots.
The new drug targets receptors in the brain and offers a different, non-hormonal approach.
The Phase II study funded by Britain's Medical Research Council and the National Institute for Health Research, found 28 women who suffered seven or more hot flashes a day could cut episodes by up to 73 percent with MLE4901, as well as reducing their severity.
Researchers now need to see if the drug, which is also being tested for polycystic ovary syndrome, is safe and effective over the long term in a larger group of patients.
(Reporting by Ben Hirschler, editing by David Evans)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
A 30-year-old was arrested in Bradford on Avon on suspicion of murdering a man in Foxhill.
He is one of three people arrested in connection with the death of the man aged 27 in Sedgemoor Road on Sunday (August 13).
More information has now been released by Avon and Somerset police about the trio.
A 27-year-old woman was arrested in Bradford on Avon on suspicion of assisting an offender
A 44-year-old man was arrested in Bath on suspicion of affray.
A 30-year-old man was arrested in Bradford on Avon on suspicion of murder
All three remain in police custody.
The force, however, has yet to name the murder victim.
“We can only confirm that he was stabbed and we're awaiting the outcome of the post mortem,” the police said.
Officers and forensic investigators have spent all day at the Foxhill estate.
Cordons are likely to remain in place for several days as the investigation continues.
MACOMB, Ill. — Dalan Ancrum scored 25 points and grabbed seven rebounds as Western Illinois snapped a four-game losing streak by thumping Oral Roberts, 82-56 in a Summit League contest Saturday afternoon.
Ancrum's jumper put the Leathernecks in front for good, 10-9, four minutes into the game and drilled a 3 midway through the half for a 22-12 advantage.
Ancrum finished 8 of 14 from the field and 7-for-7 shooting from the line. Kobe Webster added 21 points. Western Illinois (11-11, 2-7) connected on 17 of 19 free-throw attempts (89.5 per cent), hitting better than 68 per cent from the line for just the second time in Summit League play and first since they shot 87.5 per cent in its first meeting with the Eagles.
Sam Kearns scored 12 points to lead Oral Roberts (9-17, 3-6), which trailed by 19 at halftime, 38-19.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
CT Boston/Norton MA Zone Forecast
CT Boston/Norton MA Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
710 FPUS51 KBOX 040816
ZFPBOX
Zone Forecast Product for Southern New England
National Weather Service Boston/Norton MA
415 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
CTZ002-042000-
Hartford CT-
Including the cities of Hartford and Windsor Locks
415 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 8 PM EDT THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Partly sunny. A chance of showers with isolated
thunderstorms this morning, then a chance of showers and
thunderstorms this afternoon. Patchy fog this morning. Some
thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall. Hot with highs in the
lower 90s. Northeast winds around 5 mph, becoming southeast
around 5 mph this afternoon. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Areas of fog after midnight. Humid with lows in the lower
70s. South winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly cloudy in the morning, then clearing. Areas of
fog in the morning. Hot with highs around 90. South winds around
5 mph, increasing to 10 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Patchy fog. Some thunderstorms may produce heavy
rainfall. Humid with lows in the lower 70s. South winds 10 to
15 mph. Chance of rain 40 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms. Patchy fog. Some
thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs in the
lower 80s. West winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of
showers. Cooler with lows in the upper 50s.
.SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Highs in the upper
70s. Lows in the upper 50s.
.SUNDAY THROUGH MONDAY...Mostly clear. Highs in the mid 80s. Lows
around 60.
.MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 60s.
Highs in the mid 80s.
$$
CTZ003-042000-
Tolland CT-
Including the cities of Union and Vernon
415 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 8 PM EDT THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Partly sunny. A chance of showers with a slight chance
of thunderstorms this morning, then a chance of showers and
thunderstorms this afternoon. Patchy fog this morning. Some
thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall. Highs in the upper 80s.
Northeast winds around 5 mph, becoming southeast this afternoon.
Chance of rain 50 percent.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Areas of fog after midnight. Humid with lows in the lower
70s. South winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Cloudy in the morning, then becoming mostly sunny.
Areas of fog in the morning. Humid with highs in the upper 80s.
Southwest winds around 5 mph, increasing to 10 to 15 mph in the
afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Patchy fog. Some thunderstorms may produce heavy
rainfall. Humid with lows in the lower 70s. Southwest winds 10 to
15 mph. Chance of rain 40 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms. Patchy fog. Some
thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs around
80. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Gusts up to 20 mph in the
morning. Chance of rain 80 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 50 percent chance of
showers. Cooler with lows in the upper 50s.
.SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Highs in the mid
70s. Lows in the upper 50s.
.SUNDAY THROUGH MONDAY...Mostly clear. Highs in the lower 80s.
Lows in the upper 50s.
.MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 60s.
Highs in the mid 80s.
$$
CTZ004-042000-
Windham CT-
Including the cities of Putnam and Willimantic
415 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 8 PM EDT THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Partly sunny. A chance of showers with a slight chance
of thunderstorms this morning, then a chance of showers and
thunderstorms this afternoon. Patchy fog this morning. Some
thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall. Highs in the upper 80s.
North winds around 5 mph, becoming southeast this afternoon.
Chance of rain 50 percent.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Areas of fog after midnight. Humid with lows around 70.
South winds around 5 mph in the evening, becoming light and
variable.
.THURSDAY...Cloudy in the morning, then becoming mostly sunny.
Areas of fog in the morning. Humid with highs in the upper 80s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Gusts up to 20 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog. Humid with lows in
the lower 70s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph with gusts up to
20 mph.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms. Patchy fog. Some
thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs around
80. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Gusts up to 20 mph in the
morning. Chance of rain 90 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Some thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall.
Cooler with lows in the upper 50s. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.SATURDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs in the mid 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the
upper 50s. Highs in the upper 70s.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 60s.
Highs in the mid 80s.
$$
For the latest updates...please visit our webpage at
www.weather.gov/boston
You can follow us on Facebook at
www.facebook.com/NWSBoston
You can follow us on Twitter at
@NWSBoston
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
April 6 Wallix Group SA:
* FY net loss 1.7 million euros ($1.81 million) versus loss of 1.1 million euros year ago
* FY operating loss 1.8 million euros versus loss of 1.1 million euros year ago
* Outlook for 2017 confirmed
* Number of orders invoiced but not yet booked to turnover (deferred revenue) amounted to 3 million euros at end of 2016, up 59 pct on end of 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9376 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom:)
April 5 Allergan Plc
* Allergan reports topline Phase II data supporting advancement of Botox® (onabotulinumtoxina) for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD)
* Allergan Plc - Botox 30 U dose demonstrated numerically superior efficacy in madrs total score compared to placebo
* Allergan Plc - Both secondary efficacy variables (CGI-S and HAMD-17) showed numerically superior efficacy over placebo in Phase II study
* Allergan Plc - 50 units of Botox did not demonstrate superior efficacy over placebo in Phase II study
* Allergan Plc - Both 30 units and 50 units of Botox were well tolerated in Phase II study
* Allergan - Plan to move forward and develop a Phase 3 program for a potential new treatment option for patients adults with major depressive disorder Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS France lock Yoann Maestri was handed a 30,000-euro ($32,000) fine for criticising referee Wayne Barnes after his team's dramatic late 20-18 win against Wales in the Six Nations.
Half of the fine had been suspended until the end of the 2017/18 season, the Six Nations said.
Maestri, 29, admitted that he "committed an act of misconduct and openly apologised for making the comments", the Six Nations said in a statement.
Maestri had criticised the performance of English official Barnes after the March 18 match that ended with France snatching victory following 20 minutes of added time.
France felt the game should have been brought to a close sooner with a penalty try as Wales were repeatedly penalised at the scrum.
"He (Barnes) told us we were not dominant enough," Maestri told reporters after the match.
"Anglo-Saxon referees always talk about fair play but the reality is that they think we're cheats.
"When you are repeatedly crushed in a five-metre scrum, you concede defeat. There's a complicity between Anglo Saxons and it is in these moments that you realise it. It was unbelievable."
($1 = 0.9309 euros)
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Keith Weir)
Aunt Pippa has arrived!
Prince William and Kate Middleton's newborn son received one of his first official visitors: Aunt Pippa Middleton.
Kate's younger sister, who is reportedly expecting her first child with husband James Matthews, arrived at Kensington Palace to meet her new nephew on Tuesday — just one day after the prince was born.
Wearing a pink coat and an oversized pink turtleneck, Pippa was one of the first family members to meet the newborn. Uncle Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who live just a stone's throw away from the royal family of five, are also expected to be one of the first to meet the new prince.
Pippa Middleton Danny Martindale/WENN
Pippa Middleton Jack Taylor/Getty
Prince Charles, who joked about how he's going to have trouble keeping up with all his grandchildren, will reportedly visit his new grandson after he returns from Anzac Day commemorations in France on Wednesday.
Queen Elizabeth celebrated the latest addition to her family with a quick horseback ride through the grounds of Windsor Castle, where she is staying with husband Prince Philip, who is still recovering from hip surgery.
RELATED VIDEO: Pippa Middleton Is Reportedly Pregnant with Her First Child — at the Same Time as Sister Kate!
Pippa's pregnancy news broke on Saturday, just days before Kate was admitted to St. Mary's Hospital in London in the early stages of labor with her third child on Monday morning.
Pippa and her husband tied the knot last year on May 20 at St. Mark's Church in Englefield. Prince George and Princess Charlotte were an adorable pageboy and little bridesmaid in her wedding party. Now, she has a new little nephew to share in her milestones.
Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock
As a mother of three, Kate has plenty of sage advice (and designer maternity clothes!) to pass on to her younger sister.
A source previously told PEOPLE that Middleton and Matthews are looking forward to settling down and “having children and leading a quiet life.”
The name of Will and Kate's baby boy will be announced in due course, the palace said. Albert and Arthur are tied as the most popular names for a boy – at 5-1 and 9-1, respectively, according to British oddsmakers.
The royal baby remains fifth in line of succession after Prince Charles, Prince William, Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Around 160 homes in the county are still without electricity today following a snow storm over the weekend.
The areas affected are Turloughmore, Guilka, Skehanagh, Kilconnell/New Inn and Castleblakeney.
ESB crews are carrying out emergency repairs works to lines after heavy snow caused faults.
It's hoped power will be restored to all areas by this afternoon.
A couple weeks back, coffers dangerously empty at the non-profit Encyclopedia of Surfing, Matt Warshaw, the site's founder and human repository of all surf knowledge, went on a fundraising bender. A red-alert, all-hands-on-deck type call to action. He needed to raise $30k to keep the site alive. If that failed, he'd be forced to politely set down a small stepstool, climb onto it, and take down the “EOS” shingle from the internet. The historical archive would remain on Warshaw's hard drives, sure, but for the rest of us, print would be our only recourse. Times looked dark.
But son-of-a-gun, you did it. You recognized the irreplaceable value of EOS (and its sister websites, the History of Surfing and Above the Roar), ponied up and kept this puppy afloat. Warshaw was hoping to build up a robust subscriber base (a measly $3 a month gets you access to all three sites) but was blown away by the donations that came pouring in, helped by surf media outlets and surf stars plugging the importance of EOS.
And I very much mean YOU did it. Not big-pocketed surf companies (seriously, check the donor list, not one industry titan there). But regular, workaday surfers.
“My deepest gratitude to everybody who contributed: donors and subscribers, friends and family,” Warshaw says. “Thanks to you I get to continue building these sites, preserving our history, celebrating this beautiful and confounding time-suck known as surfing. Family aside, EOS is the joy of my life.”
You can see a list of the donors here.
Now subscribe to this thing, so you can get lost in the interviews, videos, and well-written descriptions of every shred of historical importance in our wonderful sport.
[Click the image above to play video]
The ProTest ECOBOARD Challenge is up and running, folks. That means that from now until the end of the month, North Shore standouts will be able to grab one of the more than 30 certified ECOBOARDS shaped by world-class craftsmen, take them out to one of the famed North Shore reefs and try to bag the best edit on a more sustainably-made craft. The best performance captured on video (submissions can be multiple waves and up to 3 minutes) featuring an ECOBOARD will net the surfer a cool $10,000 prize (plus $1,000 for the videographer), and show surfers everywhere that you don't have to turn to toxic traditional polyurethane boards when looking for high performance. All submissions will be uploaded to this page, so check back in the coming weeks as entries start pouring in.
Advertisement
The surfcraft built specifically for The ProTest, which you can check out here, feature alternative cores (recycled content or bio-based) and bio-based entropy resin, earning ECOBOARD GOLD Level designation by Sustainable Surf. But surfers can also ride their own boards if they qualify for either ECOBOARD GOLD Level, or ECOBOARD Level ONE designation (which means they have either an alternate core or entropy resin). A board's degree of sustainability is required info for video submissions.
The ProTest quiver currently on the North Shore was shaped by some of the most acclaimed board builders in surfing, including Jon Pyzel, Daniel Jones, Kerry Tokoro, Wade Tokoro, Owl Chapman, Eric Arakawa, Kamalei Alexander, Carl Olsen, Jeff Bushman, Glenn Pang, Matty Raynor, Carl Schaper, Kyle Bernhardt, Mike Mattison, Drew Sparrow and Brett Marumoto. The boards range from high-performance shortboards to big-wave guns, covering just about every conceivable condition the North Shore can throw at surfers.
Surfers can send their videos to entry@theprotest.tv and submissions will accept until midnight Hawaii time on February 28th. Starting the first week in March, fans will be able to vote for the best performance on an ECOBOARD. Once competition finishes, Sustainable Coastlines Hawaii will be bringing the ECOBOARD quiver to North Shore beaches, allowing any interested surfer to demo the boards used in the video clips. Eventually these boards will be put up for sale with proceeds funding beach cleanup efforts across Hawaii.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP) — Jordan Peele, Greta Gerwig and Guillermo del Toro are among those vying for the top honor from the Directors Guild of America Saturday at the 70th annual DGA dinner and ceremony in Beverly Hills.
The Directors Guild Awards are often a reliable predictor of who will walk away with the best director Oscar at the Academy Awards. Last year "La La Land" director Damien Chazelle won both.
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" director Martin McDonagh and "Dunkirk" director Christopher Nolan are also competing in the feature film category. All but McDonagh are nominated for a directing Oscar.
Judd Apatow is hosting the untelevised ceremony which also awards achievements in commercial, scripted series and live television directing. Aziz Ansari is among those nominated for directing a comedy series.
Advertisement
___
For full coverage of awards season, visit: https://apnews.com/tag/AwardsSeason
Allison Mack was released from jail but will remain under house arrest at her parents' home when she returns to California.
The Smallville actress, 35, was escorted away from a Brooklyn, New York, federal court on Tuesday after posting a $5 million bond.
Mack appeared withdrawn as she stepped out amid photographers while holding on to her legal representation wearing a black T-shirt, a jean jacket, striped pants, sneakers and a black backpack with her hair in a ponytail.
The actress is facing three charges in connection with Nxivm, a controversial self-help group, whose co-founder Keith Raniere was arrested in Mexico in March on the same three accusations.
Allison Mack Drew Angerer/Getty
Allison Mack Drew Angerer/Getty
As a condition of her release, she will be under home detention at her parents' house and be monitored electronically. She will also be barred from associating with any former or current members of Nxivm.
The actress and Raniere are accused of sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy for their alleged roles in running a secretive sub-group within Nxivm involving “masters” and “slaves.”
Allison Mack stepping out of a Brooklyn federal courthouse Drew Angerer/Getty
Mack, who appeared for years as Chloe Sullivan on Smallville, faces at least 15 years in prison if convicted on all of her charges. She reportedly pleaded not guilty during her first court appearance in the case, in New York City, on Friday.
Once she is released, Mack will stay in the Central District of California, a court jurisdiction that covers both Central and Southern California, according to authorities.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Authorities tell PEOPLE that Mack's original bond request was denied Friday because the judge wanted to ensure a “substantial” monetary amount. The $5-million amount was agreed upon by both the defense and the prosecution.
Mack's next court date, a status conference on her case, is set for May 3.
March 29 British within-day gas prices fell on Wednesday in response to lower demand for gas to heat homes and produce electricity, and the early return of flows through the Theddlethorpe terminal.
* Within-day contract down by 0.25 pence to 38.75 pence per therm at 0849 GMT. Other prompt and forward contracts notched gains.
* Traders said lower imports from Norway and the Netherlands tightened supplies, supporting contracts further out, even as weak demand and mild weather weighed on the within-day price.
* Imports from Norway through the Langeled pipeline stayed below 60 million cubic metres (mcm) and dipped to as low as 57 mcm overnight, down from over 70 mcm on Monday.
* Flows from Britain's Bacton Seal were expected to resume flows on Thursday following an outage.
* System undersupplied by 8 mcm, with demand forecast at 226.7 mcm, and flows at 218.7 mcm/day, National Grid data shows.
* Gas deliveries from the Theddlethrope terminal returned early after a planned maintenance, currently flowing 5 mcm/day.
* ConocoPhillips' S-Area gas fields are shut until Thursday, St Fergus Mobil flows have stepped 2 mcm/day lower since Friday, and flows into Barrow terminal are due to return on May 1.
* British day-ahead gas price traded 0.10 pence higher at 38.60 p/therm.
* Two new liquefied natural gas (LNG) tankers are due to arrive in north west Europe. The Bu Samra is to unload at the UK's Isle of Grain terminal on April 9; the Al Oraiq will unload in Belgium on April 15.
* April gas contract up by 0.35 pence to 39.15 p/therm, while the Summer 17 contract up by 0.30 pence to 39.30 p/therm.
* Day-ahead gas price at the Dutch TTF hub up by 0.30 euro to 14.90 euros per megawatt hour.
* Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract up by 0.04 euro to 4.70 euros per tonne.
* Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting by Oleg Vukmanovic in Milan; Editing by Edmund Blair)
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans on Friday released a partisan and bitterly disputed memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
Read the full text of the MEMO HERE
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, says there was “a troubling breakdown of legal processes” in the Russia investigation.
President Donald Trump, who advocated for the memo's release over the fierce objections of the Justice Department and the FBI, told reporters the document shows “a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves.”
“I think it's terrible,” Trump said. “You want to know the truth. I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace.”
The memo, which the FBI has said is inaccurate and missing critical context, asserts that current and former FBI and Justice Department leaders signed off on a surveillance warrant to monitor communications of a former Trump campaign associate.
The document also asserts that opposition research, conducted by a British spy and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign, formed a critical basis for the allegations contained in the warrant application.
They say that research should not have been a basis for the warrant because it contains unproven allegations.
The release of the memo is likely to further divide Trump and his FBI and Justice Department leaders, and the president lashed out anew on Friday morning on Twitter. He has supported the memo release in apparent hopes that it could help undermine the probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller, which he has called a “witch hunt.”
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!” Trump tweeted.
The tweet came as U.S. news coverage was dominated by reports that the FBI and the Justice Department had objected strenuously to the memo's release. Earlier this week, the FBI declared it had “grave concerns” about its accuracy.
Trump's tweet and his approval of the memo release set up a clash with the man he picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier “this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice.”
Democrats say the memo cherry-picks intelligence in an effort to smear law enforcement investigating whether Trump associates collaborated with Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election.
“This is designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI, to undermine the investigation, to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation. And it's a tremendous disservice to the American people,” Rep. Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CBS “This Morning.”
The document was written by GOP lawmakers as part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department early in Russia investigation, before special counsel Robert Mueller was appointed to take it over.
White House officials say Trump intends to clear the way for publication of the memo. One White House official said Congress would probably be informed of Trump's decision Friday, adding that the president was “OK” with its release. A second White House official said Trump was likely to declassify the congressional memo but the precise method for making it public was still being figured out. The officials were not authorized to be quoted about private deliberations and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The House intelligence panel voted along party lines Monday to put the memo out, giving Trump five days to reject the release under committee rules. But Trump also has the power to declassify the document himself and either release it or hand it to Congress to release. One of the White House officials said the memo would be in “Congress' hands” after Trump declassified it and there were unlikely to be any redactions to the document.
Senior FBI officials, including Wray, have also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that it could set a dangerous precedent.
Democrats on the intelligence panel made a last-ditch effort Wednesday evening to stop the release, saying the memo had been “secretly altered” by the Republicans who wrote it. In a letter to the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, Schiff wrote that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the vote Monday.
“The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release,” Schiff said in the letter.
Schiff asked Nunes for another vote on the memo, but Republicans didn't appear to waver. Nunes spokesman Jack Langer said the committee vote was “procedurally sound.”
“To suggest otherwise is a bizarre distraction from the abuses detailed in the memo, which the public will hopefully soon be able to read for themselves,” Langer said.
This all comes as special counsel Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by, among other actions, firing Comey. Republicans have intensified their pressure on the Justice Department as Mueller's probe has moved closer to Trump's inner circle.
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that he believes the document will validate his concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him, according to one outside adviser familiar with those conversations but not authorized to speak publicly about private discussions.
The president also has told allies that he believes the memo bolsters his claim that accusations of collusion between his campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit his election.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer are pressing House Speaker Paul Ryan to stop the release.
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well: “All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy.”
ALL IN THE WATCH This 'Goldeneye 007' Speed Run Is Over Before You Can Finish A Cup Of Coffee
After nearly a decade at the top, Henrik Norgren unseats Marc Rutzou's record of 57 seconds for "Train" on Agent difficulty.
Dear @ArvindKejriwal
दिल्ली के दो बेटों की हत्या हुई हैं। ये चुप्पी और सन्नाटा क्यों?
Tushar और Ankit Saxena क्या इंसान नही? इनकी जिंदगी की कीमत नहीं?
Aakhlaq के घर जाने वाला CM आज जुबान सिले बैठा हैं।
As Delhi citizens, we order you -
"Go and Meet the families NOW."
— Kapil Mishra (@KapilMishra_IND) February 3, 2018
Former AAP member and an MLA representing Karawal Nagar constituency Kapil Mishra has questioned the silence of Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal over the murder of Ankit Saxena, a professional photographer, was stabbed to death on Thursday night in west Delhi's Khyala area."Two sons of Delhi are being killed. Why this silence (over the issue)? Were Tushar and Ankit Saxena not human beings? Why CM (Arvind Kejriwal) is silent, who had visited Akhlaq's home?" Kapil Mishra questioned in a tweet."As Delhi citizens, we order you - Go and Meet the families NOW," Mishra added.Meanwhile, Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari on Sunday also questioned the "silence" of CM Arvind Kejriwal over the killing of Ankit Saxena (23) by the family members of a woman with whom he was in a relationship for three years.Image: Ankit SaxenaThe woman's family opposed her relationship with Saxena as the two belonged to different communities, according to the police."It is sad to see such incidents in the national capital. The silence of the chief minister and several NGOs in the matter indicates that these people speak on issues only when it suits their political interests," Tiwari charged.Tiwari met Saxena's family earlier in the day. During the meeting, Tiwari informed the family about thearrangements his party was making for the treatment of Saxena's mother, who was injured in the attack on her son."The family has made several attempts to seek medical assistance by calling on ambulance service telephone No. 1008 but they got no help. Delhi government made no arrangement for the treatment," the Delhi BJP alleged in a statement.The police arrested the woman's father, mother, uncle and her minor brother in connection with Saxena's killing.(With PTI inputs)
April 13 Bellamy's Australia Ltd-
* Acting CEO Andrew Cohen and acting CFO Nigel Underwood have been confirmed as permanent executive appointments
* Also confirms that acting CFO Nigel Underwood had been appointed as permanent CFO
* John Ho has been appointed as a non-executive director
* Janchor Partners, where John Ho is chief investment officer, reveals relevant interest of 7.01% in bellamy's Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Fourth of July is the perfect time to recognize all of those who have sacrificed and fought to make our country better.
Unfortunately, veterans often need more than our thoughts and prayers when they return from their deployments. According to Southeastern Guide Dogs, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs confirmed that about 20 veterans commit suicide each day.
In an effort to combat these numbers and help veterans battling PTSD, Southeastern Guide Dogs breeds, raises, trains and places canines free of charge not only for the visually impaired but for veterans in need of a supportive friend as well.
These PTSD service dogs provide a calming presence for veterans, helping to pull them out of the reclusive darkness that can plague their lives when they return home and supportively shepherding them through distressing flashbacks.
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
The video above is a celebration of both the human heroes who fought for our country, and the talented dogs who show up every day, every moment to care for them.
To learn more about Southeastern Guide Dogs and how you can support its work, visit the organization's website now .
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
A shopper looks at food at a supermarket in Tokyo February 26, 2015. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
TOKYO Japan's core consumer prices rose at a slower than expected pace in March and household spending fell more than expected in a worrying sign for the central bank that domestic demand won't be strong enough to generate sustained inflation.
Industrial product in March also fell more that expected, but economists remain optimistic that output will quickly recover in the following month as strength in overseas economies increases export demand.
Stripping away energy costs, consumer prices actually fell for the first time in almost four years, suggesting an exit from the Bank of Japan's radical quantitative easing programme is not imminent.
"I think the BOJ will have to downgrade its consumer price forecasts again later this year," said Hiroaki Muto, economist at Tokai Tokyo Research Center Co.
"Some people in the market are looking for an exit, but the next move could be some form of easing."
Most analysts polled by Reuters before Friday's data expect the BOJ's next policy move to be a tightening of monetary policy, though many do not expect it to happen until next year at the earliest.
The core consumer price index (CPI), which includes oil products but excludes fresh food prices, rose 0.2 percent in March and posted the third straight month of increase on rising energy costs, Internal Affairs ministry's data showed on Friday.
This undershot economists' median estimate for a 0.3 percent annual increase.
Inflation has been close to zero for almost two years, posing major policy hurdles for the BOJ's ambitious 2 percent inflation target.
Stripping away the effect of fresh food and energy, consumer prices fell 0.1 percent in March from a year ago due to lower prices for mobile phones, falling for the first time since July 2013.
Separate government data showed on Friday that Japan's jobless rate held steady at 2.8 percent in March and the availability of jobs rose to the highest since November 1990.
However, the tight labour market has so far done little to push up consumer prices, another problem for the BOJ's policy deliberations.
Japanese household spending fell 1.3 percent in March from a year earlier in price-adjusted real terms, much more than the median forecast for a 0.3 percent decline.
"It's clear household spending is weak," said Yoshiki Shinke, chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute.
"I think energy prices will continue to rise, but if weakness remains in the prices for non-energy goods, inflation won't accelerate and that's worrying," he added.
Separate data showed industrial production fell 2.1 percent in March, a much bigger fall than the 0.8 percent decline expected, as electronics and carmakers trimmed production. But manufacturers expect output to surge by 8.9 percent in April, suggesting the declines in March are temporary.
Japan's long-stagnant economy has shown signs of life in recent months, with exports and factory output benefiting from a rebound in global demand.
On Thursday, the BOJ kept monetary policy unchanged as expected, but offered its most optimistic assessment of the economy in nine years, buoyed by a pick-up in overseas demand.
However, the BOJ also cut its core consumer inflation forecast for the year ending in March 2018, blaming weak services prices and cellphone bill discounts by carriers facing fierce price competition.
Many analysts expect core consumer prices to head toward 1 percent later this year as the base effect of last year's oil price falls dissipates, though this would be largely due to external factors such as energy prices and currency moves, not consumer spending, which remains sluggish.
(Reporting by Minami Funakoshi; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Six dead in Montreal as much of Canada remains under blanket of hot, humid air
A woman cools down in a water fountain as she beats the heat in Montreal, Monday, July 2, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Graham Hughes
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days.
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave.
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
She says there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010, when intense heat claimed 106 lives.
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend.
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region.
Related: Much of eastern Canada remains under blanket of hot, humid air
Related: Summer snow falls in parts of Newfoundland: ‘Never seen it this late in June'
The weather agency says a “very warm and humid air mass” has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday. Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend.
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec, with Tuesday's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C, also through Thursday.
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday, leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity, or air conditioning. Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal.
Environment Canada said much of southern Ontario, including Toronto, also remains under a heat warning, with a humidex reading of 43 expected on Tuesday. The extreme heat was expected to ease off on Friday with the passage of a cold front.
In western Alberta, meanwhile, the problem is rain and lots of it.
As of late Monday, about 30 millimetres of rain had fallen in the Jasper region, creating the possibility of flooding in low-lying areas. Environment Canada said another 25 to 50 millimetres of rain were expected before it tapers off Wednesday morning.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
March 29 Lululemon Athletica Inc -
* Announces fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2016 results
* Q4 earnings per share $0.99
* Sees q1 2017 revenue $510 million to $515 million
* Sees fy 2017 revenue $2.55 billion to $2.6 billion
* Q4 revenue $789.9 million versus I/B/E/S view $783.5 million
* Q4 earnings per share view $1.01 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees q1 2017 earnings per share $0.25 to $0.27
* Sees fy 2017 earnings per share $2.26 to $2.36
* Q4 adjusted earnings per share $1.00
* Sees q1 total comparable sales decrease in low-single digits on a constant dollar basis
* Inventories at end of fiscal 2016 increased by 5% to $298.4 million compared to $284.0 million at end of fiscal 2015
* Sees fy total comparable sales increase in low-single digits on a constant dollar basis
* Qtrly total comparable sales, which includes comparable store sales, direct to consumer, increased 8%, or by 7% on constant dollar basis
* Qtrly direct to consumer net revenue increased 12% to $164.3 million, or by 12% on a constant dollar basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AP FACT CHECK: Trump's shaky claim on Iran nuclear accord
Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 President Donald Trump waves as he boards Air Force One for a trip to West Virginia for a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. President Donald Trump waves as he boards Air Force One for a trip to West Virginia for a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Photo: Evan Vucci, AP AP FACT CHECK: Trump's shaky claim on Iran nuclear accord 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is making an unsubstantiated assertion that the Obama administration granted 2,500 Iranians citizenship as part of a 2015 nuclear deal that sought to limit Tehran's weapons program.
Nothing in the agreement speaks to the naturalization of Iranians. Indeed, according to U.S. naturalization figures, the number of Iranians who were granted citizenship barely increased during final negotiations, actually falling after the July 2015 deal was signed.
A look at the claim:
TRUMP: "Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?" — tweet Tuesday.
THE FACTS: Trump's claim, which he repeated from a Fox News report, is baseless. The report said Hojjat al-Islam Mojtaba Zolnour, a hardline member of Iran's parliament, had made the allegation in an interview with a local newspaper. He is a vocal critic of the nuclear agreement.
The agreement was signed in July 2015 to significantly limit Tehran's nuclear ability in exchange for lifting international oil and financial sanctions. Nothing in the agreement addresses the naturalization or immigration of Iranians.
Rather than increase, the number of Iranians naturalized in the U.S. declined after the deal was signed, from 10,344 in 2015 to 9,507 in 2016, according to the Department of Homeland Security. In 2014, the number of Iranians who were made citizens was 9,620. There are about a million Iranians living in the U.S., many with green cards, representing a wide pool of residents who can eventually become citizens.
Trump backed out of the Iran nuclear accord in May, describing it as a flawed deal.
___
Associated Press writer Matthew Lee contributed to this report.
___
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @APFactCheck on Twitter: https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
Aaron Carter has left rehab after two weeks, his rep confirms to PEOPLE.
“Aaron has left the facility where he has been working on his wellness. Several legal and personal matters arose that required his immediate and in-person attention,” publicist Steve Honig tells PEOPLE in a statement. “He is still very much committed to his wellness and will be continually working toward being the best person possible.”
Carter, 29, had entered treatment on Sept. 22. “Only I can change my life,” he Tweeted that night. “No one can do it for me.”
“Aaron has decided to enter a facility to improve his health and work on his overall wellness,” Honig told PEOPLE at the time. “He is going to do this privately and focus all his attention on being the best person and performer possible. He is grateful for the support and love from his fans and looks forward to coming back stronger than ever before.”
The news came a day after police were summoned to his home for a welfare check after a neighbor called authorities after a concerning FaceTime conversation, according to papers obtained by PEOPLE. Carter's “words were slurred and did not make sense,” and his “skin color was off,” according to the neighbor.
There had been multiple welfare checks on Carter at his St. Petersburg, Florida, home in the last few months. In a Sept. 6 report, the caller stated Carter was “not in a safe mental state.” The person stated Carter had been threatening suicide and that they believed him to be “engaging in drug activity,” including Xanax, Klonopin, and “dusters” (huffing compressed computer duster spray).
The star last released new music in January, dropping the single “Sooner or Later” off his EP, LØVË. In the months since, Carter had been plagued by personal problems – and defended himself against allegations of drug and alcohol abuse after the July DUI incident.
A former publicist for the star told PEOPLE at the time that Carter has had problems that “stemmed from his childhood.”
“With the death of his sister a number of years back and the relationship with his mother, Aaron needs to put the drugs down and speak to a friend,” asserted the former publicist, who added, “He needs a good slap in the face to wake up and I really hope this is it, because he is so talented and needs to stop what he's doing.”
Another prior publicist, Jonathan Ward, told PEOPLE that Carter was constantly “cyberbullied,” and couldn't “get away from these people who want to berate him.” “He's human,” Ward added.
Carter has often been open about his struggles with the darker side of fame, revealing in a Twitter letter in December 2015, “Love is the toughest thing I deal with in my life. I'm constantly misunderstood and judged for my past, I'm a really sensitive guy and yes jealous and insecure at times because I know I'm a skinny dude all of the anxiety stuff.”
The Blast was first to report the news.
WELLINGTON, March 29 South Africa captain Faf du Plessis breathed a sigh of relief as rain bucketed down in Hamilton on Wednesday, washing out the final day of the third test against New Zealand and ensuring his side sealed a 1-0 series victory.
The Proteas had been facing a massive battle to save the test, entering the final day having been reduced to 80 for five and still 95 runs short of making New Zealand bat again.
Du Plessis, who would have been joined by Quinton de Kock at the crease had rain not intervened, said he had been prepared to defend all day.
"I was ready to come out and play my blockathon," du Plessis said. "New Zealand outplayed us in this game and deserved to win and they will count themselves unlucky.
"I'm pleased with another series win away from home but to be honest I think we played very much under par, especially the batting unit."
Du Plessis' analysis of his top order's batting issues on the tour was not restricted to their third test first innings slump to 64-3 and then a collapse to 59-5 on Tuesday.
In the first test, they were 22-3 after winning the toss before Dean Elgar rescued them with 140 and century partnerships with du Plessis and Temba Bavuma.
In Wellington, they were in trouble at 94-6 in their first innings before Bavuma and de Kock combined for 160 runs.
Elgar's century was the only one scored by the Proteas during the series and the batsmen who occupied slots five to eight in their lineup -- du Plessis, Bavuma, de Kock and Vernon Philander -- had four of their six top batting averages.
Elgar was the only top-order batsmen in the leading six, with fast bowler Morne Morkel holding the third best average of 49 courtesy of 40 runs in Wellington and two other not outs.
Du Plessis added that his side needed to ensure that those collapses did not happen again on their tour of England starting in May, before home series against India and Australia.
"In a test match when the series is on the line you are looking for your players to front up and make it as hard as possible for the opposition to get your wicket," he said. "I thought... that didn't happen.
"But the good, strong teams find ways to win test matches and series. And while we didn't play very well, we somehow found ourselves winning another away series." (Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by John O'Brien)
TORONTO — Security ministers from the G7 countries are discussing how to fight the threats lurking in the internet's dark spaces against the backdrop of a city reeling from Monday's deadly van attack.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was peppered with questions and offers of assistance from his G7 counterparts after Monday's daylight tragedy that saw the driver of a rental van barrel through a crowd of people on a north Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 pedestrians and injuring 15.
Goodale maintains no motive for the attack has been found to link it to a national security threat, although he acknowledges that the police investigation is in its early stages.
A major focus of the final day of the G7 ministerial meeting in Toronto will be addressing violent extremism and looking at the role of the internet as a tool for training, propaganda and financing.
Dave and Sylvia were a little perplexed as to why Mahoney brought in a two-pound cake this morning but it sure was delicious! We list our top five favorite suggestions to name the 100ft pool at OBC. Plus, we feature Oban Single Malt Scotch Whisky today on Whiskey Wednesday!
Full Show Here:
https://www.thehour.com/news/world/article/Former-Malaysian-leader-Najib-Razak-charged-in-13048240.php
Former Malaysian leader Najib Razak charged in court with 3 counts of criminal breach of trust
LOS ANGELES | The Teen Choice Awards, always a bubble of teenage celebration, took time out during Sunday night's ceremony to consider the world its young audience will inherit.
Hashtags, surfboards and loud shrieks dominated the Teen Choice Awards, as usual, with YouTube star Jake Paul presiding over a show designed to be tweeted, Snapchatted and put on Instagram. But with the two-hour broadcast coming a day after the violence at a rally of white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, some winners pleaded for teen viewers to do better than their elders.
Ally Hernandez, from left, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane, and Lauren Jauregui of Fifth Harmony, accept the award for choice music group at the Teen Choice Awards at the Galen Center on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Phil McCarten/Invision/AP) Maddie Ziegler accepts the award for choice dancer at the Teen Choice Awards at the Galen Center on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Phil McCarten/Invision/AP) Yara Shahidi speaks at the Teen Choice Awards at the Galen Center on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Phil McCarten/Invision/AP)
“With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that's happened not only in the world but in our country right now, I need for you young people, I need you guys to be educated. I need you to listen. I need you to pay attention,” said “Spider-Man: Homecoming” actress Zendaya, accepting an award for best summer movie actress.
“You are the future presidents, the future senators,” she added, clutching the show's trademark surfboard award. “You guys are the ones who are going to make this world better.”
The music performance-stuffed show, broadcast live on Fox from Los Angeles, followed a three-hour “Teen Fest” concert in downtown Los Angeles that was streamed on YouTube.
Miley Cyrus, an 18-time Teen Choice award winner, was to receive the ceremony's highest honor, the Ultimate Choice Award. But she was announced as a last-minute cancellation early in the ceremony. “I know,” said presenter Victoria Justice. “It's a bummer.” (Cyrus apologized on Twitter saying she created “an unrealistic schedule for myself.”)
Many of the other biggest names either sent video acceptances (Bruno Mars, Gal Gadot) or were merely announced as winners (Beyonce, Zac Efron, Ariana Grande). One notable exception was Chris Pratt, who dropped by to accept his two movie awards. Pratt and his wife, Anna Farris, recently announced their separation.
That still left many teen idols for the crowd to cheer, including the cast of the CW drama series “Riverdale” (winner of seven awards) and the group Fifth Harmony, the winner of the best music group and song.
“In light of recent events, we just wanted to say to all of the young ones at home watching, no matter who you are, where you come from or what you look like, you are beautiful and you are important,” said the group's Lauren Jauregui. “So keep spreading love and positivity.”
The prominent role for Paul was a big moment for him, too. In late July Paul departed the Disney Channel series “Bizaardvark” after reports that he was feuding with his West Hollywood, California, neighbors.
“The past few months have humbled me quite a bit. I had to be more mindful of my words and actions and how they impact others,” said Paul while accepting his own pair of awards for best YouTuber and web star. “The next step for me is to forget all the bad press, drama, negativity.”
Rock band Maroon 5 was honored with the decade award. Other winners included Dwayne Johnson for “Moana,” Lucy Hale for “Pretty Little Liars” and Ed Sheeran for best male song.
Online:
http://www.teenchoice.com/
Good morning!
Drive BC is reporting no new incidents in the region this morning. However the ongoing warning about fallen rock on the road west on Highway 1, between Craigellachie and Revelstoke, presists as well as debris on Highway 23 and uneven lane settlement 82 km north north of Revelstoke.
There is also ongoing construction heading east and west on the Trans Canada as well as when heading north on Highway 23.
Environment Canada is calling for a high of 18 degrees today with a 60 per cent chance of showers and a UV Index of 4, or moderate. The low tonight will be 8 degrees.
WASHINGTON | Medicaid, a 1960s Great Society pillar long reviled by conservatives, seems to have emerged even stronger after the Republican failure to pass health overhaul legislation.
The federal-state health insurance program for low-income Americans hasn't achieved the status of Social Security and Medicare, considered practically untouchable by politicians, like an electrified “third rail.” But it has grown to cover about 1 in 5 U.S. residents, ranging from newborns to Alzheimer's patients in nursing homes, and even young adults trying to shake addiction. Middle-class working people are now more likely to personally know someone who's covered.
Increased participation — and acceptance — means any new GOP attempt to address problems with the Affordable Care Act would be unlikely to achieve deep Medicaid cuts.
Sara Hayden poses for a portrait at home Thursday, Aug. 10, 2017, in Half Moon Bay, Calif. Hayden lost her job as a data researcher because of medical problems and is now covered by Medi-Cal, as Medicaid is called in California. She has rheumatoid arthritis, and the medication she has to take to keep the disease in check cost thousands of dollars a month. The Medicaid program is a 1960s Great Society creation long criticized by conservatives. But it seems to have emerged even stronger after the Republican failure to pass health overhaul legislation. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) In this Aug. 10, 2017, photo, Sara Hayden poses for a photo with some of her medications at home in Half Moon Bay, Calif. Hayden lost her job as a data researcher because of medical problems and is now covered by Medi-Cal, as Medicaid is called in California. She has rheumatoid arthritis, and the medication she has to take to keep the disease in check cost thousands of dollars a month. The Medicaid program is a 1960s Great Society creation long criticized by conservatives. But it seems to have emerged even stronger after the Republican failure to pass health overhaul legislation. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Sara Hayden keeps a daily tally of her medication intake at home Thursday, Aug. 10, 2017, in Half Moon Bay, Calif. Hayden lost her job as a data researcher because of medical problems and is now covered by Medi-Cal, as Medicaid is called in California. She has rheumatoid arthritis, and the medication she has to take to keep the disease in check cost thousands of dollars a month. The Medicaid program is a 1960s Great Society creation long criticized by conservatives. But it seems to have emerged even stronger after the Republican failure to pass health overhaul legislation.(AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
“This was an important moment to show that people do understand and appreciate what Medicaid does,” said Matt Salo, executive director of the National Association of Medicaid Directors, a nonpartisan group that represents state officials. “The more people understand what Medicaid is and what it does for them, the less interested they are in seeing it undermined.”
With Republicans in control of the White House, both chambers of Congress, and 34 out of 50 governorships, it would have been hard to imagine a more politically advantageous alignment for a conservative overhaul of Medicaid.
President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act expanded Medicaid to cover more low-income adults, many of them working jobs without health insurance. Thirty-one states have accepted the ACA's expansion, covering about 11 million people.
The GOP bills would have phased out funding for the Obama expansion, but they also placed a limit on future federal spending for the entire program — a step now seen as overreach.
The per-beneficiary spending caps in the House and Senate bills translated to deep cuts that divided Republicans.
Also, GOP governors who had expanded the program couldn't swallow the idea of denying coverage to hundreds of thousands of constituents. Some Republican governors went public with their opposition, while others quietly warned their congressional delegations about dire consequences.
“I think there is a recognition among many that Medicaid is not just a welfare program but an underpinning of our social system,” said Diane Rowland of the Kaiser Family Foundation.
An AP-NORC poll taken last month found the public overwhelmingly opposed to GOP Medicaid cuts, by 62-22.
“You just can't do this to people who are in situations that they didn't put themselves in,” said Sara Hayden of Half Moon Bay, California. Unable to work as a data journalist due to complications of rheumatoid arthritis, she was able to get health insurance when her state expanded Medicaid.
Hayden estimates that one of the medications she takes for the disease would cost about $16,000 a month if she were uninsured. She pays nothing with Medi-Cal, as the Medicaid program is known in California.
“If they are going to repeal and replace, then I am dead in the water,” she said.
Brian Kline of Quakertown, Pennsylvania, works as a customer service representative, and got coverage after his state expanded Medicaid in 2015. Early last year he was diagnosed with colon cancer following a colonoscopy. After treatment that Medicaid paid for, his last CT scan was clear.
“You just wonder if the Republican bill had passed…what would have happened to me?” said Kline. “Would I have had access to my doctors and the tests to make sure my cancer didn't come back? I'm not sure what the answer to that question would have been.”
Many Republicans view Obama's Medicaid expansion as promoting wasteful spending, because the federal government pays no less than 90 percent of the cost of care, a higher matching rate than Washington provides for the rest of the program.
“That is not a good recipe for encouraging states to implement better, lower-cost models of care,” said Mark McClellan, who oversaw Medicare and Medicaid under former President George W. Bush.
Nonetheless, the debate showed Congress can't just elbow its way to a Medicaid overhaul.
‘You are going to have to be gentle and thoughtful, working in a bipartisan way to see what ideas will reach across the aisle,” said Republican economist Gail Wilensky, also a former Medicare and Medicaid administrator.
The push for Medicaid changes will now shift to the states. Some on the political right are seeking federal approval for work requirements and drug testing. But activists in the 19 states that have not yet expanded their programs are contemplating revived campaigns.
An area that could find bipartisan support is health promotion, since Medicaid beneficiaries tend to have higher rates of smoking and other harmful lifestyle factors.
Katherine Hempstead, who directs health insurance research for the nonpartisan Robert Wood Johnson Foundation says Medicaid has come out a “winner” in the debate.
“Medicaid has shown itself to be very much appreciated by a broader constituency than we might have originally thought,” she said. “And that is an important takeaway.”
Here's a clip from a recent auction at Tattersalls.
They're a very famous horsey crowd and they made history last week when they sold a horse for over 6 MILLION QUID!!! Jaysus.
Anywho, with everyone focused on the nag, nobody noticed the voice of the Auctioneer.
At about 2 minutes in when the money gets serious he slows down like a record that was on the wrong speed.
It's us at the Christmas party on Friday -
Before: CHILDISH EXCITMENT. SO FAST!!!
After: SO SO SLOW!!!
Check out full video here:
KITCHENER — We're only a few decades away from a world where robots that are virtually indistinguishable from living, breathing humans will be walking among us.
That's the future envisioned by Suzanne Gildert, founder and CEO of Sanctuary AI, a company on a mission to create humanlike robots known as "synths" — short for "synthetics." And while the opportunities are immense, there also are serious ethical questions about how we treat these machines.
"What happens when they become sentient and we can just delete their minds?" Gildert asked the crowd of more than 500 people at the True North tech conference, organized by Communitech at Lot 42 in Kitchener.
"I argue this would be very bad for robots and we need to address this," she said. "The word 'delete' should give you an uneasy feeling."
The ethical quandaries go beyond merely wiping a computer's mind with the push of a button. As we train robots to be more like humans, engineers put them through a complex rewards program to tell them if we're happy with how they performed.
Once they reach a certain level of sentience, engineers will implement a "pain" response to properly test the system, and that may be analogous to human torture or animal testing, Gildert said.
"As we progress, where do we draw the line?" she said. Gildert said she first started thinking about the ethics of robotics when she developed a Pong-playing robot that sat on her desk and learned how to play the classic video game.
It was like watching a child learn a new skill, but when the experiment was over and she had to wipe its memory file, she had a hard time going through with it.
"I was so proud of it."
The world of science-fiction films and books have often painted a bleak picture of what the future of robotics and synthetic humans might look like, with some predicting a world of chaos and disorder after robots have attempted to conquer humanity.
“Tupac lives,” rumors are back — but this time actors Josh Duhamel, Jimmi Simpson and Bokeem Woodbine are giving us a deeper look into what really happened.
After over 20 years, the tragic murders of late rappers Tupac Shakur and the Notorious B.I.G. (also called Biggie Smalls) — occurring only one year apart — remain a mystery. Emmy award-winning director Anthony Hemingway (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story) is tackling another set of mysterious murder cases with true crime anthology series UNSOLVED: The Murders of Tupac and the Notorious B.I.G., which documents the dual police investigations into their deaths in a fictional representation.
PEOPLE reveals an exclusive trailer for the Universal Cable Production series above, which is expected to premiere in 2018.
Following previous documentaries that have explored the murders— Biggie and Tupac (2002) and Murder Rap: Inside the Biggie and Tupac Murders (2015) — this is the first true crime anthology series to explore the rappers' deaths together.
OTTAWA — Only weeks after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada was prepared to offer helicopters, aircraft and hundreds of troops to peacekeeping, the number of Canadians on UN missions reached a new low, new figures indicate.
Canada had a total of 43 peacekeepers deployed around the world at the end of December, according to the most recent UN numbers, down from 62 in November.
The decline, largely the result of a reduction in the number of Canadian police officers deployed to Haiti, means Canada has fewer peacekeepers in the field than at any point since the 1950s.
That's despite the Liberals having repeatedly promised to ramp up Canada's contributions to UN missions — most recently by pledging equipment, troops and trainers at a peacekeeping summit that Canada hosted in November.
Canadian and UN officials say the two sides are working to identify when and where those pledges will be utilized, but they have declined to provide any timeline for when a decision will come.
Walter Dorn, an expert on peacekeeping at the Canadian Forces College in Toronto who has been tracking the numbers, said the current situation is shameful given the Trudeau government's repeated promises.
"Canada is at its lowest level since Lester B. Pearson proposed the first peacekeeping force in 1956," Dorn said. "This is hypocrisy, coming after the promises and lofty rhetoric of the Vancouver ministerial."
The Liberals promised during the last federal election to renew Canada's commitment to peacekeeping, and pledged in August 2016 to make up to 600 troops and 150 police officers available for future missions.
Canada had 112 peacekeepers in the field at the time of that promise.
Trudeau announced in Vancouver in November that Canada was offering helicopters, a transport aircraft and a 200-member rapid reaction force for use on UN missions, as well as trainers to help other countries with peacekeeping.
The Australian actor donned a full body wetsuit to catch some waves on Vancouver Island this weekend
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth spent time in Tofino last weekend and caught some waves. (Instagram/Chris Hemsworth)
More and more actors and actresses are spending time in British Columbia, mostly due to Vancouver solidifying itself as Hollywood North for major TV and movie productions.
It's no longer unusual to see famous celebrities eating at the same restaurants we frequent or hanging out at the same places we've long since known as local gems. And with the influence of social media these days, many are also chronically their journey for the rest of us to follow along.
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth, known for his title role as Thor in the Marvel movie universe since 2011, has kept himself busy this past week on the West Coast. He's been spending time in Vancouver shooting the movie ‘Bad Times at the El Royale', and last week shared a video view of his condo from high above Stanley Park.
RELATED: Chris Hemsworth loves visiting B.C.
A few days later he took in some Rugby Sevens action at B.C. Place and handed out a prize following the final match.
But this past weekend it was time for Hemsworth to head over to Vancouver Island and catch some waves near Tofino.
He posted to Instagram: ‘Not sure if we're robbing banks or surfing but it's damn cold in Canada. Well worth it though, what a beautiful place!!'
According to his Instagram page, the 34-year-old looks like he surfs a lot — including with his young daughter.
And after spending some time in a full body wetsuit, Hemsworth made sure to warm up with a steaming bowl of Vietnamese Pho as he continues to conquer mountains, embrace challenges and push phoward.
ragnar.haagen@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Winning numbers drawn in 'Fantasy 5' game
DETROIT (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Michigan Lottery's "Fantasy 5" game were:
19-25-30-37-39
(nineteen, twenty-five, thirty, thirty-seven, thirty-nine)
Estimated jackpot: $100,000
BUFFALO, N.Y. — CJ Massinburg scored 26 points Friday night and Buffalo shot 59 per cent from the field on its way to a 92-86 win over Western Michigan.
Massinburg hit a 3-pointer to make it 84-72 with 1:45 left and made 8 of 10 foul shots in the final minute to help the Bulls (17-6, 9-1 Mid-American Conference) hold on for the win.
Buffalo made 34 of 58 from the field, including 10 of 21 from 3-point range. Jeremy Harris made all four of his 3-point attempts and scored 16, Nick Perkins added 17 points and Wes Clark had 13 points, six rebounds and nine assists.
Thomas Wilder led the Broncos (13-10, 5-5) with 34 points. He made 10 of 17 from the field, 3 of 5 from 3-point range and 9 of 12 from the foul line.
A woman stands in front of the entrance of Sputnik Serbia news agency in Belgrade April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
People walk past t-shirts bearing portraits of Russia's President Vladimir Putin, displayed for sale on a street in Belgrade, Serbia, April 11, 2017. Picture taken on April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
A man walks past a sign of 'Sputnik Serbia' news agency outside of their office in Belgrade, Serbia, April 11, 2017. Picture taken on April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
A panoramic city view is seen from Studio B radio station office in Belgrade April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
A sound engineer works during a broadcast at 'Studio B' radio station in Belgrade, Serbia, April 11, 2017. Picture taken on April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
A presenter speaks during a broadcast at 'Studio B' radio station in Belgrade, Serbia, April 11, 2017. Picture taken on April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
A sound engineer works during a broadcast at 'Studio B' radio station in Belgrade, Serbia, April 11, 2017. Picture taken on April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
Ivana Vucicevic, director of 'Studio B' radio and television poses for a picture in her office in Belgrade, Serbia, April 11, 2017. Picture taken on April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
A woman walks past a t-shirt bearing a portrait of Russia's President Vladimir Putin, displayed for sale on a street in Belgrade, Serbia, April 11, 2017. Picture taken on April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
BELGRADE The 21st-floor offices of Studio B boast an unrivalled view of the Serbian capital, taking in Orthodox Church domes, a Gulf-financed property development and a citadel built by Celtic, Roman, Ottoman and Austro-Hungarian rulers.
Studio B displays a similarly broad spectrum of influences.
Anyone tuning in to the radio on April 7, the morning after U.S. cruise missiles struck an air base belonging to Syria's Russian-allied military, would have heard two very different versions of what went on.
According to the first, Donald Trump ordered the action to distract attention from investigations into suspected contacts between his associates and Russia before he became president.
The second had Western capitals welcoming the strikes as retaliation for a chemical weapons attack launched by President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
That's because four times a day, Studio B broadcasts back-to-back news bulletins in Serbian by the Russian news agency Sputnik, which is funded by the Kremlin, and Radio Free Europe, which is funded by the U.S. Congress.
The contrast can be dizzying, and speaks to a battle for public opinion in Serbia, the biggest of the seven states to emerge from the ashes of Yugoslavia and the key to a region feeling neglected by Europe and exposed to Russia.
"You have two diametrically opposed points of view," said Ivana Vucicevic, editor-in-chief of Studio B. "That way we can satisfy the broad spectrum of people who listen to us."
"I believe every news item has an element of subjectivity," she added. "Maybe it's a good thing that we have one and the other and the listeners can judge."
The station's programming mirrors the political balancing act being pursued by Serbian Prime Minister and President-elect Aleksandar Vucic in the nation of about seven million people.
He advocates membership of the EU, but plays to the affection felt by many Serbs for fellow Orthodox Russia. Many in his conservative support base are suspicious of the West and NATO since the bloody breakup of Yugoslavia and NATO's 1999 air war against Serbia over its then province of Kosovo.
'UNBREAKABLE BROTHERHOOD'
While the government has quietly taken cooperation with NATO to the highest level for a non-member, it has rebuffed pressure to join Western sanctions on Moscow over Ukraine and accepted Russian gifts of humanitarian support and MiG-29 fighter jets.
In September, Serbia will take part in war games organised by a Moscow-led security bloc under the banner 'Unbreakable Brotherhood'. Even then, it plans a series of joint military and police training drills with the United States.
Serbs are just as divided, with little under half supporting EU membership. Vucic's advocacy of EU accession is under strain from waning enthusiasm for further enlargement from some countries within the bloc.
The programming of Studio B, like fellow media company B92, reflects the shifting sands of Serbian society and politics.
As a radio station in the 1990s, B92 was a renowned beacon of resistance to strongman President Slobodan Milosevic and a big beneficiary of Western funds from the United States and European powers in support of independent media. Through a network of affiliated stations, it rebroadcast the Serbian-language news of the BBC World Service in an effort to break the diet of Milosevic propaganda.
The donations from Western countries dried up with Milosevic's fall in 2000, however, and the BBC closed its Serbian service in 2011. B92 now exists primarily as a national TV station as well as a website which is one of the most popular in the region and regularly carries Sputnik stories.
"The donors left overnight," said Sasa Mirkovic, one of B92's original founders when it launched as a radio station in 1989 and now a lecturer in media law, adding that B92's republishing of Sputnik stories was merely "a reflection of the political reality".
Studio B, one of Belgrade's biggest radio stations, also opposed Milosevic's rule.
In 2003 the station began rebroadcasting Radio Free Europe and was approached by Sputnik in 2014, at a time when it was struggling with shrinking state subsidies and staffing and was happy for the extra cash and content. It was privatised in 2015.
'SPRINGBOARD'
Serbia is a "springboard" to the rest of the Balkans, where Serbian is widely spoken or understood and Belgrade wields considerable influence, according to Dimitar Bechev, a non-resident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, a Washington-based international affairs think-tank, and an expert on the region.
Sputnik, the latest global news player to court Serbia, was launched three years ago, saying it would provide an alternative view of world events to Western mainstream media.
The news agency, which produces content in 30 languages, is owned by the Rossiya Segodnya media company, which in turn is owned by the Russian government. Like Radio Free Europe and the BBC, it says it is an independent news outlet free of government interference.
Sputnik in Moscow declined a Reuters request to interview the editor-in-chief of its Serbian service or to answer emailed questions.
In Serbia, where it has a staff of 30 in Belgrade, it has replicated the model applied by Western media trying to reach listeners in the 1990s, paying first Studio B and later Radio Novosti to rebroadcast its 30-minute news bulletins and reaching a network of some 20 Novosti-affiliated stations around the country.
B92's website, like other portals or print media, carry Sputnik stories for free. Sputnik's online articles are republished hundreds of times a week.
Some Sputnik stories appeal to those Serbs suspicious of the West, NATO and Albanians - the largest ethnic group in Kosovo. One story on the Sputnik Serbian-language website in April said ethnic Serbs in Kosovo should "sleep with one eye open" because of the threat from Albanian extremists. Another reported on Russian deminers working in Serbia under the headline: "NATO bombs us, Russia clears".
"It's not very difficult to mould Serbian public opinion on many of the issues the Russians care about – it's low-hanging fruit," said Bechev.
In what Bechev said spoke to a "soft-power contest" in the region, the BBC World Service announced last month it was reopening its Serbian-language branch as a digital portal, funded by the British foreign office and targeting Serbian speakers across the region.
(Writing by Matt Robinson; Editing by Pravin Char)
FILE PHOTO: Ivanka Trump attends U.S. President Donald Trump's strategy and policy forum with chief executives of major U.S. companies at the White House in Washington, U.S. February 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
BERLIN Ivanka Trump will meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel and International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde in Berlin next Tuesday at a summit of women from leading world economies, the organisers said.
Trump, who is an informal advisor to her father, United States President Donald Trump, will join Merkel and Lagarde for a podium discussion on global support for women entrepreneurs at a two-day G20 women's summit.
Germany holds the presidency of the Group of 20 (G20) leading economies this year. Other participants at the summit in Berlin will include Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands.
Trump has been an increasingly influential adviser to the U.S. president and her husband, Jared Kushner, is a powerful adviser to him.
She will also visit a Siemens academy while in Berlin, according to a schedule of her visit published by the White House.
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
The project consists of the design of the planned production facilities on an area of 72 decares of land located at the agricultural organized industrial zone in Kemalpaşa, İzmir. The land extending on the north-south axis borders with a stream on the east side and has a free view towards this direction. At the designing phase of the project, the security building providing access to the entire facilities as well as the administrative building which is foreseen to welcome the local producers and global customers is designed in gross concrete. The administrative building offers the users the natural habitat ,which can not be provided outside due to the environmental conditions, by way of an internal garden made by shifting the atrium of the building to the basement. In consideration with the fact that the region which reaches extremely high temperatures in summer months, a more inward-oriented structure and walls positioned parallel to the southern facade which offer shielding against the sunlight have been used. The stairs leading down from the single-storied reception area to the basement which is open to the common-use reach to the atrium area together with the iconic uneven wall. The upper office floors are accessible by way of the stairs and elevator shaft located on the northern side of the building.
Project Year: 2015
Total Area: 55.000 m2
Typology: Industrial
FILE PHOTO: A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor is launched during a successful intercept test, in this undated handout photo provided by the U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency. U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency/Handout via Reuters/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: 2016 Rio Olympics - Golf - Women's Individual Stroke Play - Olympic Golf Course - Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - 18/08/2016. Xiyu Lin (CHN) of China watches her chip shot on to the second green during second round women's Olympic golf competition. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Jun 12, 2015; Harrison, NY, USA; Simin Feng of China drives off the No.10 tee during the second round of the KPMG Women's PGA Championship at Westchester Country Club - West. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-USA TODAY Sports/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: 2016 Rio Olympics - Golf - Preliminary - Women's Individual Stroke Play - Olympic Golf Course - Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - 19/08/2016. Shanshan Feng (CHN) of China lines up her putt on the 13th green during third round women's Olympic golf competition. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
SEOUL Chinese golfers on the U.S. women's tour may decide not to play in a tournament next month in Hawaii sponsored by South Korean conglomerate Lotte Group, a sign that fallout from a diplomatic row between Beijing and Seoul over a missile defence system is increasingly spilling into the sports world.
Rio Olympics bronze medallist Shanshan Feng decided not to play after she and three other Chinese players - Simin Feng, Jing Yan and Xiyu Lin - were informed it was in their best interests not to take part in the event due to its association with Lotte, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters.
One of the sources said that at least one player received an instruction not to attend the Lotte event from someone connected to China's national team. The source declined to name the player and it wasn't immediately clear how such a message had been passed onto the others.
However, Simin Feng herself, and Shanshan Feng's agent in China, both denied in interviews that the players were being pressured by the Chinese authorities to pull out.
“The four of us were talking about it a little bit because now it's such a sensitive issue," said Simin Feng, who is currently in California preparing for the first major of the season.
The Orlando, Florida-based golfer, who finished in the top 10 in two Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) events last year, said that she had yet to decide whether to play in the Lotte-backed LPGA tournament on April 12-15.
"I'm really for my country and with the politics nowadays, both countries are not at a very good situation." But the 21-year-old added: "No one really seriously came up to us and said, ‘you really shouldn't play.'"
Relations between Beijing and Seoul have been damaged by the plans to deploy the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system in South Korea to defend against the threat from North Korea. China is concerned that the system's powerful radar could also be used to track Chinese missiles, undermining its security.
Earlier this year, Lotte approved a land swap with the South Korean authorities, enabling the system to be deployed on a site that is part of a golf course the company owns. The move prompted a backlash against Lotte in China, with Chinese authorities closing dozens of its retail stores following inspections.
China is South Korea's largest trading partner and the dispute over THAAD has resulted in a sharp decline in Chinese tourists going to South Korea. Entertainers have faced a cultural freeze because of the dispute, with South Korean singers and actors blocked in various ways from reaching a mainland Chinese audience, and dozens of Korean-focused blogs suspended in China.
OTHER SPORTS AFFECTED
In the sports world, the tensions have affected many sports, including soccer, tennis, climbing, and golf. Chinese players have pulled out of various events in South Korea, according to South Korean media.
Shanshan Feng, who has won six events on the LPGA Tour, including a major title at the 2012 LPGA Championship, declined to comment when asked about the issue in California on Wednesday.
Ruby Chen, Shanshan Feng's Shanghai-based agent at global sports management firm IMG, said Feng "most likely won't be attending" the $2 million Hawaii tournament, an event which she has played in each year since it came onto the schedule in 2012.
"Yes she played that tournament last year but she's always adjusting her schedule every year," said Chen.
Chen said Shanshan Feng, 27, would not play as many tournaments or travel as much this year so that she could stay healthy and prolong her career. The decision was not related to issues linked to Lotte, and Feng had not received any official instruction to pull out, Chen added.
The two other players, Yan and Lin, both declined to comment.
LPGA AWARE OF SITUATION
An official at China's General Administration of Sport said he had not heard of the players being told to skip the event and said it was up to them to decide when and where they play.
The LPGA said players had to confirm their participation in the tournament by next week.
"We are aware of the situation, which is a complex one, and will continue to discuss with our players," the LPGA told Reuters in a statement. "We fully support all decisions made by our players."
While the LPGA has been making inroads into China, where it now plays two events each year, in recent years it has had a much closer relationship with South Korea.
Since Pak Se-ri's groundbreaking win at the 1998 U.S. Women's Open, around 25 percent of all LPGA tournaments have been won by Korean players. Seven of the current women's top 10 were born in South Korea.
Jon Podany, the LPGA's chief commercial officer, said last year that South Korean television agreements were the Tour's top source of revenue, while South Korean firms continue to put up large sums of cash to sponsor events.
This season, South Korean companies such as Lotte and automaker Kia sponsor five events on the Tour, putting up millions of dollars in prize money each year.
All four Chinese players took part in the Kia Classic, which finished on Sunday, with Shanshan Feng finishing ninth.
Lotte has been a key sponsor in the South Korean sports arena over the years, ploughing cash into a variety of sports, including golf and baseball. It has also agreed to sponsor the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, next February.
The row over the missile defence system also affected a women's tournament co-sanctioned by the Korean, Chinese and European Tours in Haikou, China earlier this month.
Lotte-sponsored player Kim Hae-rym won the event but Chinese broadcaster CCTV continually shot pictures of the South Korean from a distance or from behind, focussing on her shoes in close-up shots and avoiding showing her cap with 'Lotte' emblazoned on it, according to Korean media.
It then failed to broadcast the prize giving ceremony, prompting South Korea media to dub Kim the "Faceless Champion".
(Additional reporting by Suyeong Lee in SEOUL, Larry Fine in CALIFORNIA, Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI, SHANGHAI newsroom; Editing by Martin Howell)
Recently, 16-yr-old Brazilian surf prodigy Mateus Herdy was invited to the R&D demo center in Spain to test the Wavegarden Cove. One of the most talented junior surfers in the world, Herdy was able to put his equipment through its paces in a rare solo session at the wavepool. The son of Alexandre Herdy and the nephew of Guilherme Herdy, both former pros and surf legends in Brazil, Mateus was in Europe for the first time competing in the WQS in Zarautz when he was invited to test out The Cove.
Yes, Sam Trammell is stirring up some trouble between This Is Us star couple Rebecca (Mandy Moore) and Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) as Rebecca's flirtatious bandmate Ben. But, allow him to explain his position before you get all riled up about this potential (fictional) relationship roadblock.
“First and foremost [Rebecca] is such a boon to the band,” Trammell, 48, tells PEOPLE of his character's primary attraction to and appreciation for Rebecca. “Our band has been kicking around and her singing is so much better than mine as a band leader, so there's that. And of course she's so talented and she's really beautiful, he's a human being, you can't help but be attracted to her, you know? Rebecca's pretty awesome.”
While Trammell is of course sworn to secrecy about exactly what kind of damage Ben's “attention” may or may not have on Rebecca and Jack, the True Blood alum says that his character's heart is in the right place.
“I think this guy is a good guy, I don't think there is any ill will,” he says. “Homo sapiens will be Homo sapiens.”
And on another positive note for Trammell, we get to hear him sing in the episode, which he'd never done before in any professional capacity.
“They asked if I could sing and I said I couldn't because I never have, I just play music,” recalls Trammell. “But [executive producer] Ken Olin called me and said, ‘Do you wanna just try it?' and I said ‘Yes, I'm going to try.' They said if it doesn't work out, we'll cut you out and put another voice in there. So I took singing lessons and then I sang with Mandy, which was so intimidating because she's so incredible. She sang her part first and when she came out [of the recording booth], I was like ‘My God.' And also said, ‘You can go if you want to,' since she was finished. She said, ‘No I'll watch!' and so I was like ‘Oh nooo.' But I was able to do it and it was really fun.”
Trammell says that even though he had a blast working on the show, he's not expecting This is Us fans to enjoy him as much as he enjoyed himself.
“I know they're not going to like me,” Trammell says with a laugh. “I mean, I can't imagine any fans liking anybody who seems like a threat to that couple because that couple, you want to be like them. You watch that couple and as a parent I'm like, ‘Wow I wish I was like Jack, golly he's such a good guy and husband.' They really set a high bar, so it's going to be tough with the fans. Hopefully there's not hatred, but you never know.”
We're going to cross our fingers that Rebecca, Jack and Ben find a way to coexist — and maybe even become friends.
“Yeah totally,” laughs Trammell. “Maybe Jack joins the band. Plays the tambourine or something.”
This is Us airs Tuesdays (9 p.m. ET) on NBC.
PARAMUS, N.J. -- A boy was hospitalized after plunging from a parking deck Tuesday morning at the Garden State Plaza in Paramus, police said.
There was no immediate word on whether he jumped, fell or was pushed from the Neiman Marcus/AMC Theaters parking structure around 10:15 a.m.
A shoe was found on the deck above, witnesses said.
Police Chief Kenneth Ehrenberg was expected to issue a formal statement once a preliminary investigation was completed.
CHECK BACK FOR MORE DETAILS
******
EDITOR's NOTE: An initial post incorrectly reported that the victim is a woman.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Hamilton's first snowstorm of the season isn't expected to be a "monstrous" one.
But it should bring enough snow — followed by colder temperatures — to keep the white stuff around until the holidays.
Between seven and 12 centimetres of snow was expected to fall Monday, starting in the afternoon and continuing into the evening, followed by another two centimetres Tuesday, according to David Phillips, senior climatologist at Environment Canada.
"It's not a shocker, it's not a record breaker," he said Monday, but added "the good news is this will probably give us our white Christmas."
Aside from the five observation aircraft, officers on fisheries patrol flights will also report whale sightings, and a plane from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will be looking to identify whales later this summer.
Gosselin said they hope to improve management methods for this year and coming years.
"The objective of the aerial surveillance is to provide estimates of abundance and presence of right whales in the shipping lanes and the fishing areas," he said.
"Also there's a science objective to have a more global understanding of the occurrence, distribution and abundance of right whales through the season on the east coast of Canada."
Six fishing areas in the Gulf of St. Lawrence were closed to several fisheries as of May 22, including snow crab, rock crab and lobster.
The department is enforcing a static closure zone in the Gulf of St. Lawrence along New Brunswick's northern coast until June 30.
DFO is also enforcing dynamic management closures, which will shut down fishing activities for a minimum of 15 days when there is the confirmed presence of North Atlantic right whales.
Fishermen have expressed concerns over the financial impact of the closures, and Gosselin said observers on the planes know the impact of their reports and how important it is to be accurate.
"That's why we want to make sure we've done the training properly and we want to make sure that we are detecting the animals," he said.
"That's why we are circling back to identify the right whale properly before we transmit the information to Transport Canada and the Fisheries managers to shut down fishing zones or reduce the speed in shipping lanes," he said.
KABUL (Reuters) - Several senior members of Islamic State's central Asian affiliate were killed in a U.S. air strike in Afghanistan, officials said on Sunday.
The attack on Thursday killed Abdul Rahman, identified by the U.S. military as the Kunar provincial emir for Islamic State of Iraq and Syria-Khorasan, according to a statement from the command in Kabul.
"The death of Abdul Rahman deals yet another blow to the senior leadership of ISIS-K," said General John Nicholson, the senior U.S. commander in Afghanistan.
Three other senior ISIS-K members were also among those killed in the strike in eastern Kunar province.
Nicholson has vowed to defeat Islamic State militants in Afghanistan this year.
The group's emir, Abu Sayed, was reported killed in a strike on his headquarters in Kunar in July, the third Islamic State emir in Afghanistan to be killed since July 2016.
In April, Nicholson deployed a 21,600-pound (9,797 kg) "Massive Ordnance Air Blast" bomb against Islamic State positions in neighbouring Nangarhar province, one of the largest conventional weapons ever used by the United States in combat.
On Saturday, Afghan officials said as many as 16 civilians, including women and children, had been killed by a U.S. air strike in Nangarhar, but American officials said only militants were killed.
As part of an increased campaign against both Islamic State and the Taliban, the dominant Islamist militant group in Afghanistan, the U.S. Air Force has dropped nearly 2,000 weapons in the country as of the end of July, compared to fewer than 1,400 in all of last year.
Despite some battlefield successes by Afghan and American special operations troops, Islamic State has continued deadly attacks around Afghanistan, fuelling fears that the group is seeking to bring the group's Middle East conflict to Central Asia.
AMSTERDAM, March 31 Dutch prosecutors said on Friday they had launched an international hunt for people seeking to hide assets and evade taxes after receiving a tip-off about undisclosed accounts at a Swiss bank.
The country's office for financial crimes prosecution said coordinated raids began on Thursday in the Netherlands, Britain, Germany, France and Australia.
Spokeswoman Wietske Vissers said millions of euros worth of paintings, gold bars, cash and other assets had been seized from holders of several of the 3,800 Dutch-linked accounts at the Swiss bank, which she would not name.
The Dutch government has passed information to the other countries about 55,000 suspect accounts at the bank. (Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
TORONTO — Police say they're looking for a suspect after two 11-year-old girls were allegedly sexually assaulted in a Toronto convenience store.
The two girls were in the store last Friday afternoon and it's alleged they were approached by a man who sexually assaulted both of them.
Police say they're seeking the public's help in identifying the suspect and have released security camera images.
The man is described as 30 years old, clean-shaven, with short brown hair.
× Police investigating attempted luring of 9-year-old girl in Tumwater
TUMWATER, Wash. — Thurston County Sheriff's Office detectives are investigating an attempted luring of a 9-year-old girl who had been out with her family on an evening stroll.
Police say the incident happened Sunday about 8:30 p.m.
The victim had been with her family when she decided to ride ahead of the group on her bike.
Police say near the intersection of Armstrong Street SW and 88th Avenue SW, a man in a mid-sized, bright green sedan pulled over and ordered the young girl into the vehicle.
She rode away from the man, but he followed her until she turned into her driveway.
Police say other family members were too far behind to witness the incident.
The suspect was described as a white man in his late teens or early twenties. He had short reddish-orange hair and an earring in his left ear. The victim reported that the man had a “high-pitched voice.”
The vehicle was described as bright green, older mid-sized sedan with two large scratches on the passenger side of the hood, near the fender. The vehicle reportedly had damage to the passenger side front bumper and a scratch on the grill near the driver's side headlight.
The victim reported that the vehicle had a star sticker on the bottom of the back window on the passenger side. The victim was unsure if the vehicle was a 2-door or 4-door.
If you have any information regarding this incident, please contact Detective Alan Clark at 360-786-5527 or email detectives@co.thurston.wa.us.
46.960049 -122.913180
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transits the Pacific Ocean January 30, 2017. U.S. Navy Photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Tom Tonthat/Handout via Reuters
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) speaks next to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during a bilateral meeting with China's President Xi Jinping (Not Pictured) at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 7, 2017. - RTX34M2P
WASHINGTON U.S. military strikes against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons are a warning to other nations, including North Korea, that "a response is likely" if they pose a danger, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday.
As a U.S. Navy strike group headed toward the Korean Peninsula, Tillerson said China agrees that action is necessary to address North Korea's nuclear arsenal, following last week's meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Asked if Friday's strikes against Syria were a message to North Korea, Tillerson told ABC's This Week: "The message that any nation can take is, 'If you violate international norms, if you violate international agreements, if you fail to live up to commitments, if you become a threat to others, at some point a response is likely to be undertaken.'"
"In terms of North Korea," he added, "we've been very clear that our objective is a denuclearized Korea peninsula."
In a separate interview, Tillerson told CBS' Face the Nation: "President Xi clearly understands, and I think agrees, that the situation has intensified and has reached a certain level of threat that action has to be taken."
Trump will soon review options for removing the "threat" posed by North Korean missiles, White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said on Sunday.
North Korean officials, including leader Kim Jong-un, have repeatedly indicated an intercontinental ballistic missile test or something similar could be coming, possibly as soon as April 15, the 105th birthday of North Korea's founding president and celebrated annually as "the Day of the Sun."
Reuters was first to report on Saturday that the Navy strike group Carl Vinson, whose flagship is a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier of that name, will make its way toward the Korean peninsula from Singapore as a show of force after Pyongyang tested a liquid-fueled Scud missile this month.
"It's prudent to do it, isn't it?" McMaster said of the deployment on Fox News Sunday.
"This is a rogue regime that is now a nuclear-capable regime, and President Xi and President Trump agreed that that is unacceptable, that what must happen is the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula," he said.
A U.S. national security review of options on North Korea include economic and military measures. But they lean more toward sanctions and increased pressure on Beijing to rein in its neighbor.
(Additional reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by James Dalgleish and Sandra Maler)
SeaWorld San Antonio's orca Takara swims with her new calf - the last to be born at a SeaWorld park - in San Antonio, Texas, United States in this April 19, 2017 handout photo. SeaWorld/Handout via REUTERS
SAN ANTONIO The last orca to be born at a SeaWorld park, which popularized killer whale shows in the 1960s but faced growing opposition in recent years, has been born in Texas at SeaWorld San Antonio.
Veterinarians at the park have not yet determined the gender of the calf, but said the baby and its mother Takara are in good shape and being monitored closely.
Attendance at SeaWorld Entertainment Inc's theme parks has been falling amid negative publicity and criticism from animal rights activists upset by the treatment of captive marine mammals.
Takara was already pregnant when the company said last year that it was suspending its captive breeding program and phasing out killer whale shows at its three parks in Orlando, Florida, San Diego, California and San Antonio.
"This is the last one, and that makes this a particularly big deal," SeaWorld Chief Zoological Officer Chris Dold said of Wednesday afternoon's birth. "It is a bit bitter sweet. We love these killer whales."
The calf was born after an 18-month gestation and is estimated to weigh between 300 and 350 pounds (136 and 159 kg) and measure between 6 and 7 feet (1.8 to 2.1 meters), SeaWorld said. It was 25-year-old Takara's fifth birth.
SeaWorld's vice president of veterinary services, Dr. Hendrik Nollens, it will be the last chance for researchers to study orca development in ways that cannot be done in the wild.
Pressure on SeaWorld mounted after the release of the 2013 documentary "Blackfish," which depicted the captivity and public exhibition of killer whales as inherently cruel.
Animal rights group People for Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) said SeaWorld should move Takara and her calf from their tank to an "ocean sanctuary," an area of sea enclosed by nets.
"There are a lot of people willing to help. There are companies that have stepped forward and offered major donations," said PETA's corporate affairs specialist, Stephanie Shaw. "These types of seaside sanctuaries are very doable."
(Reporting by Jim Forsyth; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Sandra Maler)
A recent industry report shows that 2016 was a strong year for online consumer traffic concerning products like electric floor heating, with some metrics increasing by triple-digit percentage points.
WarmlyYours Radiant Heating released its “2016 Fourth Quarter and Annual Industry Report” earlier this week. The report looks at remodeling and housing industry trends, analyzes key annual and quarterly performance vectors, and provides an overview of industry projections for 2017.
In the report, WarmlyYours found that consumer interest, measured in both online sales and web-traffic, grew significantly in 2016. This led to consolidated sales of WarmlyYours products growing 93.1% among e-tailers like Amazon and Wayfair. This includes a 125.7% increase in floor heating sales, which was due largely to the implementation of self-contained floor heating mat kits, which made it easy for DIY customers to purchase all the necessary materials at once.
Also in the report, WarmlyYours found that throughout the course of the year, website traffic to the company's product pages from organic searches increased by 8% and the amount of time a user spent on each page increased by 7%. These two figures help to illustrate that more and more consumers are turning to the web for information about formally niche construction products like electric floor heating. They also help explain the 6% bump in online orders that WarmlyYours experienced in 2016.
Julia Billen, owner and president of WarmlyYours, has led the efforts to bring WarmlyYours' unique business model into the digital age.
“The modern company can't afford to ignore consumer patterns. Now, more than ever, you have to be there for a consumer when they need you most,” Billen said in the report. "And while our digital efforts have brought us to a wider audience, it has always been our people, our living brand that makes a new customer choose us for their radiant needs."
For more information, visit www.WarmlyYours.com.
TURIN, Italy — Italy all but secured a qualifying playoff spot for next year's World Cup but it was booed off the pitch after drawing with Macedonia 1-1 on Friday.
Defender Giorgio Chiellini gave Italy the lead shortly before halftime but Macedonia levelled through substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski with 13 minutes remaining.
Italy, which was without Claudio Marchisio, Daniele De Rossi, Marco Verratti and Andrea Belotti, didn't have a shot on target after Chiellini's goal, against a side ranked outside the top 100.
"The second half was disappointing," Italy coach Gian Piero Ventura said. "But we were missing some players and we were tired.
"The jeers at the end were deserved looking at how we played after the break, even if the national team should never be jeered ... we have to help the fans to applaud us, but also the fans have to help us."
Italy remained second in Group G, five points behind Spain, and can't be caught heading into the last round of European qualifiers. However, it needs a point against Albania on Monday to ensure it finishes as one of the best eight runners-up from the nine groups.
It could be assured of a playoff berth on Saturday if Bosnia doesn't beat Belgium.
"Will we go to the World Cup? We're Italy and we have to be there," defender Andrea Barzagli said.
"We lacked that conviction and confidence that you always need on the pitch, because that gives you the certainty in your movements."
Confidence was low after last month's 3-0 loss in Spain but, despite winning only 3-2 in Skopje last year thanks to a stoppage-time goal, Italy was expected to easily sweep away Macedonia in Turin.
WIT AND WISDOM Stephen Hawking's Most Hilarious TV Appearances
Hawking not only made great contributions to science, but also to comedy.
NEW YORK Puerto Rican power utility PREPA and its creditors have reached a new deal to restructure $8.9 billion in debt through new bonds with longer maturities, the U.S. territory's government announced on Thursday.
The agreement, which must be approved by Puerto Rico's federally appointed oversight board, could save $2.2 billion in debt servicing costs over five years, Governor Ricardo Rossello's administration said in a statement. That is $1.5 billion more than a prior pending deal between the parties would have saved, the government said.
The sides agreed to extend until April 13 the deadline to implement the deal.
PREPA is seen as a bellwether for Rossello's approach to restructuring Puerto Rico's $70 billion in total debt and leading the island out of a crisis marked by a 45 percent poverty rate and rampant emigration.
Investors were worried earlier this year when the governor said he would reopen negotiations of a previous PREPA deal, pending since before he took office, under which bondholders would take 15 percent repayment cuts in exchange for new, higher-rated bonds, maturing in 2043 and backed by a charge on customers' bills.
Bond insurers, including MBIA Inc (MBI.N) and Assured Guaranty (AGO.N), would have funded a surety to protect against defaults.
The new deal maintains the 15 percent haircut but extends maturities to 2047, and removes the investment grade rating as a condition of closing the deal. The insurers agreed to $300 million in additional deferral of principal in the first six years.
The new deal could reduce customers' electric bills by about $90 annually over the next five years, the government said in its statement.
Trading in Puerto Rico's benchmark 2035 general obligation debt on Thursday fell from its highs on the day to 64.26 cents on the dollar. 74514LE86=MSRB.
Stock prices for PREPA's bond insurers gained ground on news of a new deal, with MBIA rising 5.3488 percent to $9.06, but off the day's high of $9.45 per share. Assured Guaranty climbed 3.3125 percent to $38.05.
Rossello, who took office in January, had criticized the pending restructuring at PREPA, saying he wanted to get more concessions from creditors and lower electricity rates. Stakeholders fretted that he was putting politics ahead of compromise.
At a news conference in San Juan on Thursday, Rossello touted his administration's ability to reach a quick deal.
"We have reached a deal in less than 100 days, compared to the (previously pending) deal ... that cost tens of millions of dollars and led nowhere," Rossello told reporters.
A group of PREPA bondholders said in a statement on Thursday that the new deal could help PREPA regain access to capital markets.
"We are hopeful that once completed the PREPA deal will help the commonwealth in its recovery," the bondholder group said.
(Reporting by Nick Brown; Additional reporting by a contributor in San Juan; Editing by Alden Bentley and Leslie Adler)
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A website has been relaunched to support the campaign to provide a light rail system for Galway City.
The long-running campaign is spearheaded by Galway West TD Catherine Connolly, who believes such a system is crucial to solving the city's traffic problems.
However, previous studies have ruled out the potential for light rail in Galway due to the projected high costs and low uptake.
Last month, National Transport Authority Chief Anne Graham ruled out the idea at an Oireachtas hearing – dismissing it as unfeasible.
However, campaigners claim light rail for Galway – the so-called GLUAS – remains a real and viable solution that is supported by recent appraisals.
After being offline for several years, a website to support the bid has now been relaunched and can be viewed at www.gluas.ie.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A computer system used by nearly every school district in the state has been down since Friday. School officials, teachers and parents use Skyward to update student records, grades, homework and student lunch accounts.
The company that operates Skyward in Washington told our news partner The Seattle Times it estimates the system will be back up on Wednesday.
Right now, when a parent tries to log into Skyward to see grades or add money to their child's account for breakfast or lunch, they see an error message -- like this one on the Snoqualmie Valley School District site.
The message explains the outage and says the district will be tracking attendance and other requests manually. And payments , such as for school lunch, need to be made in person.
Another issue is that the system handles payroll for school staff. It's unclear if the glitch will lead to any delays in paychecks for teachers.
Q13 News has reached out to WSIPC, the company that operates Skyward in Washington, for comment.
Skyward is used by 274 out of the state's 295 school districts. The company shared these resources, so you can track updates:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Published: 16 April 2017
South Central Railway (SCR) division which is headquartered in Secunderabad, Telangana has reported Rs 3564 crore, passenger transport earnings for the financial year 2016-17. This is the highest earnings in its history. The announced earnings are increased by Rs 252 crore compared to previous year, and the passengers are increased by 9.16 million. In previous year totally 366.6 million traveled where as in 2016-17 it is 375.8 million.SCR has released a press statement on its earnings in which it stated that 9 trains are newly introduced for passengers, 7 trains travel distance is increased and for one train frequency is increased. According to the statement it attached 40 coaches to regular trains thus increasing 2600 berths everyday. In 2016-17 the SCR had totally attached 14,741 coaches which provided about 6 lakhs berths on temporary basis to facilitate the passengers.Earnings from ticket checking is about Rs 125 crore and totally 1.69 lakh ticket-less travel cases are registered.To cope with summer holiday rush totally 400 trains and 2000 coaches have been arranged on temporary basis.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
FRANKFURT/DUESSELDORF SMA Solar (S92G.DE), Germany's biggest solar company, plans to expand its energy management business, hoping the market will have higher entry barriers for Chinese competitors than its core business of making invertors to feed solar power into the grid.
SMA Solar is the world's largest maker of solar inverters, a key component in solar plants that convert direct current generated from panels into alternating current, where it competes with the likes of SolarEdge (SEDG.O) and ABB (ABBN.S).
But that market has got a lot tougher since China, the world's largest market, has curbed support to its domestic industry, leading local suppliers to flood other regions with their products and pushing down prices.
Among the products in its new drive, SMA will launch software that enables commercial clients such as supermarkets to monitor energy flows from systems based on solar panels, air ventilation, storage and heating, and optimize their costs.
"That is the trend in the energy sector we see over the next three to five years," Chief Executive Pierre-Pascal Urbon told journalists at the group's annual press conference on Thursday.
Prices for inverters have tumbled by an average of 10 percent per year since 2010, SMA said, echoing remarks from panel maker SolarWorld (SWVKk.DE) a day earlier.
"Last year, it was even 17 percent," SMA Chief Financial Officer Ulrich Hadding said.
New energy management products will drive profitability from next year onwards, Urbon said, declining to be more specific about the potential size of the market SMA is targeting.
Urbon said the group was planning to enter into cooperation deals in energy management, where utilities including Innogy (IGY.DE) and E.ON (EONGn.DE) as well as engineers such as Siemens (SIEGn.DE) and General Electric (GE.N) are vying for dominance.
SMA is forecasting falling sales and profits this year, but proposed a dividend of 0.26 euros per share for 2016, almost twice what it paid for 2015 after efficiency gains led its net profit to double to 29.6 million euros ($32 million).
(Editing by Mark Potter)
BEIJING, April 12 Ant Financial, the finance affiliate of Alibaba Group Holding, and Indonesian media company Elang Mahkota Teknologi (Emtek) are to form a joint venture to offer payment and financial services in Indonesia.
The Emtek tie-up is Ant's fifth international payments deal since November, seeking to tap Asia's third-largest country by population as the company continues to extend its mobile finance empire outside China.
The new venture will initially take the form of a payments platform within BlackBerry's messaging service, which has about 63 million users in Indonesia, the two companies said in a joint statement.
"Ant Financial has proven know-how in delivering payment and other financial solutions to a large and growing mobile audience in China ... and we are looking forward to replicating and creating this success in Indonesia," Emtek CEO Alvin Sariaatmadja said in the statement.
Ant's Alipay payment app has 450 million users, the vast majority of which are in China, where it is the country's most popular mobile wallet. The company also has an internet banking licence and offers financial services including insurance products and mutual funds.
Reuters first reported that Ant and Emtek were in talks last month.
Ant has already struck deals with Thai payment company Ascend Money, South Korea's Kakao Pay Corp and Philippines-based fintech business Mynt. It also has plans to close further deals in Asia this year.
The Indonesian venture also comes as Ant faces off against U.S. company Euronet Worldwide to acquire Dallas-based Moneygram International, a remittance business that could play a significant role in linking Ant's other payment assets in Asia.
Emtek, an investor in online marketplace Bukalapak.com and travel portal Reservasi.com, signed a strategic alliance with BlackBerry last June and will help Ant Financial to roll out a range of payment products anchored in the BlackBerry social messaging system (BBM) as well as payment services for unspecified e-commerce platforms in Indonesia.
An Ant Financial spokeswoman declined to comment on a timeline for when services by the new joint venture will be rolled out.
(Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by David Goodman)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russian pipe maker TMK:
* Announces full redemption of the loan participation notes due in January 2018 in the total nominal value of $231 million on Jan. 29, 2018.
* On the date of the announcement, TMK has outstanding Eurobonds due in April 2020 in the total amount of $500 million with a coupon rate of 6.75% and 7-year maturity. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Moscow Newsroom)
This article originally appeared on TIME.
Feb 14 (Reuters) – Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald Trump‘s presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election, the New York Times reported on Tuesday, citing four current and former U.S. officials.
U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee, three of the officials said, according to the Times.
The intelligence agencies then sought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election, the newspaper said.
The officials interviewed in recent weeks said they had seen no evidence of such cooperation so far, it said.
However, the intercepts alarmed U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies, in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring while Trump was speaking glowingly about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The intercepted calls are different from the wiretapped conversations last year between Michael Flynn, Trump‘s former national security adviser, and Sergei I. Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, the Times said.
During those calls, the two men discussed sanctions that the Obama administration imposed on Russia in December. Flynn misled the White House about those calls and was asked to resign on Monday night.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request from Reuters for comment on the Times story.
The Times reported that the officials said the intercepted communications were not limited to Trump campaign officials, and included other Trump associates.
On the Russian side, the contacts also included members of the Russian government outside the intelligence services, the officials told the Times. All of the current and former officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the continuing investigation is classified, the newspaper reported.
The officials said one of the advisers picked up on the calls was Paul Manafort, who was Trump‘s campaign chairman for several months last year and had worked as a political consultant in Russia and Ukraine, the Times said. The officials declined to identify the other Trump associates on the calls.
Manafort, who has not been charged with any crimes, dismissed the accounts of the U.S. officials in a telephone interview with the Times on Tuesday.
Several of Trump‘s associates, like Manafort, have done business in Russia. It is not unusual for U.S. businessmen to come in contact with foreign intelligence officials, sometimes unwittingly, in countries like Russia and Ukraine, where the spy services are deeply embedded in society, according to the Times.
Law enforcement officials did not say to what extent the contacts may have been about business, the Times said.
Officials would not disclose many details, including what was discussed on the calls, which Russian intelligence officials were on the calls, and how many of Trump‘s advisers were talking to the Russians. It is also unclear whether the conversations had anything to do with Trump himself, the Times said.
The 2-2 Vikings are three-point favorites against the 1-3 Bears in Chicago on Monday Night Football to cap off week 5 per Bovada.
This is without knowing whether or not Sam Bradford (limited this week in practice with a knee injury) or Case Keenum will start at quarterback for the Vikings.
We do know that rookie Mitchell Trubisky will be making his first career start against the Vikings.
A bet on the spread for the Vikings is even, while a bet on the Bears is at -120.
A bet on the moneyline for the Vikings is at -145, while a bet on the Bears is at +125.
The over/under for the game is at 40. A bet on either side of that is at -110.
As far as the rest of the NFC North is concerned, the Lions are three-point home favorites against the Panthers and the Packers are two-point road underdogs against the Cowboys.
Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy walks past the Union Jack flag as he arrives at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
Italy's Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni walks past the Union Jack flag as he arrives at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani walks past the Union Jack flag as he arrives at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
European Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier walks past the Union Jack flag as he arrives at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
European Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier chats with the Netherlands' Prime Minister Mark Rutte and Lithuania's President Dalia Grybauskaite during a EU summit in Brussels, Belgium April 29, 2017. Reuters/Eric Vidal
French President Francois Hollande attends his last summit presser after the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
European Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier shakes hands with Italy's Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni (R) as he arrives at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Virginia Mayo/Pool
European Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier chats with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and France's President Francois Hollande during a EU summit in Brussels, Belgium April 29, 2017. Reuters/Eric Vidal
BRUSSELS European Union leaders endorsed stiff divorce terms for Britain on Saturday and warned Britons to have "no illusions" about swiftly securing a new relationship to keep their access to EU markets.
At a Brussels summit marked by unusual harmony among the 27 leaders, there was a flash of the cross-Channel acrimony which some fear could wreck any deal when officials accused London of cynically vetoing some EU spending and demanded it back down or face disrupting the start of talks next month.
Meeting for the first time since Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the two-year countdown to Brexit in late March, her counterparts took just minutes as they sat down to lunch in Brussels to approve eight pages of negotiating guidelines hammered out by their diplomats over the past month.
They greeted the decision with applause, officials said.
The text will bind Michel Barnier, their chief negotiator, to seek a deal that secures the rights of 3 million EU expats living in Britain, ensures London pays tens of billions of euros Brussels thinks it will be owed, and avoids destabilising peace by creating a hard EU-UK border across the island of Ireland.
"We are ready," Barnier said. "We are together."
With Barnier expecting to launch negotiations after the June 8 election May called to strengthen her position, the EU leaders also firmly ruled out discussing the free trade deal May wants until they see "significant progress" on key withdrawal terms.
"Before discussing the future, we have to sort out our past," summit chair Donald Tusk told reporters.
He criticised British politicians -- who have included May herself -- for speaking of a quick deal to reassure expatriates when the legal complexities required much more detailed talks.
"We need a serious British response," Tusk said.
In London, Britain's minister for leaving the European Union said he wanted the negotiations to be conducted in a "spirit of goodwill".
"But there is no doubt that these negotiations are the most complex the UK has faced in our lifetimes. They will be tough and, at times, even confrontational," David Davis said in a statement in response to the guidelines.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel repeated her concern that some in Britain had "illusions" about quick trade talks.
"I sometimes feel some people in Britain, and I don't mean the government, are not so clear on the idea that there is an exit phase and then a phase on the future relationship," she said.
BRITISH "UNDERESTIMATE" DIFFICULTIES
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, the EU chief executive, took an even more combative tone, saying his officials had identified a "cocktail" of 25 different legal issues to settle just regarding expatriate residence rights.
"I have the impression sometimes that our British friends -- not all of them -- underestimate the technical difficulties we have to face," he told reporters, three days after he and Barnier met May over dinner in London for "constructive" talks.
Raising publicly the Commission's irritation with Britain over its 11th-hour decision to withhold consent on Wednesday to some 6 billion euros ($6.5 billion) in EU spending on approved programmes, notably to handle the Mediterranean migrant crisis, Juncker warned that the issue could affect the start of talks.
British officials said the "reserve" imposed via a Tuesday night email on a package of measures due to have been approved by EU ambassadors on Wednesday morning was a simple procedural matter prompted by the "purdah" period before elections, during which ministers prefer not to take "sensitive" decisions.
Juncker was unimpressed: "It would facilitate the beginning of the negotiations if the UK were to be able to withdraw the reserve," he said.
EU officials questioned British motives, saying it appeared unprecedented and affected policies which Britain had agreed during months of prior deliberation: "This is clearly not a technical decision," one said. "It could be showed of force."
An unusual unity has been forged by the shock of Brexit which broke a taboo and raised fears of further break-up at the hands of nationalists like far-right leader Marine Le Pen. She will contest France's presidential election run-off on May 7, though few expect her to beat centrist Emmanuel Macron.
The EU considers it vital that Britain not be seen to profit from Brexit, to dissuade others from following suit.
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel warned against falling into a "trap" where Britain divided the bloc to its advantage.
Also contentious among the 27 will be which cities scoop the prizes of hosting two EU agencies set to be moved from London.
With most of the 27 offering to house the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and several wanting the European Banking Authority (EBA), Tusk and Juncker proposed they agree selection criteria in June to avoid unseemly rows.
In a mark of how last year's Brexit vote has called into question the unity of the United Kingdom itself, leaders also offered Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny a pledge that if Northern Ireland, which voted against Brexit, ever unites with his country, it will automatically be in the EU.
(Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop, Foo Yun Chee, Alastair Macdonald, Farah Salhi, Andreas Rinke, Jan Strupczewski and Alistair Smout; Writing by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Janet Lawrence and Robin Pomeroy)
BRADFORD – The Bradford seventh grade girls basketball team beat Ansonia 34-8 in the first round of the Cross County Conference tournament.
Remi Harleman led Bradford with a game-high 18 points while Belle Burgett and Isabella Hamilton added 8 points each.
The Bradford seventh graders will play at Bethel at 4:30 p.m. Monday.
When I'm out at business events, I often get asked “Does advertising in the Clovis Roundup work?” Yes, it does work – and it depends on your expectations.
First of all, you must figure out your demographic and who you're trying to reach. Secondly, identify what type of ad suits your business best – a branding ad or a call-to-action ad? Then, you need to let people know who you are, where you are and what you offer so that when they need your product or service, your business automatically comes to mind. If you do this correctly, yes, advertising works.
Our job here at Clovis Roundup is to get your business seen by our readers and to continuously develop that readership. To increase readership, our editorial team is dedicated to covering news, entertainment and sports stories that are important and of interest to the community. Between our print and digital platforms, our total readership is over 110,000 per issue. What does that mean for advertisers? It means your ad is being seen by 110,000 readers in Clovis and surrounding communities each issue.
The client base of most small businesses is within a 5-mile radius. Advertising with community newspapers like the Clovis Roundup is a great way to reach your market. Studies and surveys show that 70 percent of an area's population still reads the community newspaper. As daily papers struggle, community papers like us are thriving because we report the news going on in your backyard, on your city council's dais, on your school campuses – news you rarely get from a major daily paper.
Keep in mind that you must have realistic expectations for your advertising. If you expect to do a one-time ad and get an immediate return, that's not realistic. If that was the case, no small business would ever fail.
However, you need to keep your brand in front of potential clients in order to succeed. That is why when you apply for a small business loan, the lender requires that you include an advertising budget in your business plan.
You need to know what your market is and how to reach it in the most cost effective manner – be realistic with your budget. Running a larger ad once or twice probably isn't going to work. You're better off perhaps running a smaller ad continuously to build your brand. At the same time, we realize there are a lot of small businesses that don't have the budget like Coca-Cola and Budweiser. That is why we are always coming up with innovative and effective strategies to have your business be seen by the community. What we do here at the Clovis Roundup is help you come up with a strategy while staying within your budget.
What you want to accomplish first and foremost with your campaign is establish a brand, invest in brain real estate – so when someone thinks ‘I need this or that,' your business is the first name that pops up. If you run a solid campaign, you will gain that brain real estate from your customer base. When they see your name out there enough, your business will just automatically come to mind next time they're shopping the market.
When you run an advertising campaign with Clovis Roundup, we guarantee your ads will be seen. But how can you measure your return on investment? Those numbers are harder to determine. This is where controlled word of mouth comes in. You may only get 10 customers in the door, but you have to consider the ripple effect. When those 10 customers have a positive experience at your business, they will tell other people, and then those people will tell others and so on.
So does advertise work? I can tell you this: if you don't advertise now, you'll soon be advertising your going-out-of-business sale.
Prince Charles is officially a grandfather — times three!
The 69-year-old royal released a humorous statement, Tuesday, on behalf of himself and wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, after the arrival of son Prince William and Kate Middleton‘s third child, a boy.
“We are both so pleased at the news,” Charles said in a statement. “It is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them.”
Kensington Palace announced that Kate had given birth on Monday, after she was admitted to the hospital earlier that morning.
“Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Cambridge was safely delivered of a son at 11:01 hours,” the statement said. “The baby weighs 8lbs., 7oz. The Duke of Cambridge was present for the birth.”
“The Queen, The Duke of Edinburgh, The Prince of Wales, The Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Harry and members of both families have been informed and are delighted with the news,” the statement continued. “Her Royal Highness and her child are both doing well.”
The Prince of Wales has released a statement following the birth of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child.
HRH said: “We are both so pleased at the news. It is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them.” pic.twitter.com/fZmsd72yeX — Clarence House (@ClarenceHouse) April 24, 2018
Prince William, Kate Middleton and their newborn son
Prince Charles Michael Dodge/Getty
The royal baby was introduced to the world just seven hours after Kate gave birth.
Although the couple didn't answer questions from the media after debuting their newborn son on the steps of the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital, William told onlookers that they were “very happy, delighted” about their new addition.
Holding up three fingers, William smiled and said, “Thrice worry now.”
RELATED VIDEO: Prince George and Princess Charlotte Visit Royal Baby in the Hospital
At a Kensington Palace event in February, William admitted he was catching up on as much sleep as possible before he and Kate welcomed baby No. 3.
“Our third child is due in April, I'm getting as much sleep as I can,” he told one of his guests, to which they replied that he could save time by having twins. William then responded, “Twins? I think my mental health would be tested with twins.”
William then told another guest: “Two is fine — I don't know how I'm going to cope with three, I'm going to be permanently tired.”
Can't get enough of PEOPLE's Royals coverage? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest updates on Kate Middleton, Meghan Markle and more!
While leaving the hospital, Kate looked stunning in a red dress with a white collar (almost identical to the dress Prince Charles' first wife, Princess Diana, wore after giving birth to Prince Harry) by Jenny Packham.
The new baby, whose name has not been announced, had some visitors before leaving the hospital: Big brother Prince George, 4, who was still donning his school uniform, and big sister Princess Charlotte, who turns 3 in May and adorably showed off her royal wave for those gathered.
Paris Jackson gets restraining order against alleged stalker
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Michael Jackson's daughter Paris Jackson has been granted a temporary restraining order against a man she says has been stalking her.
The order granted Tuesday in a Los Angeles court says 23-year-old Nicholas Stevens must stay away from Jackson at least until July 24.
The 20-year-old Jackson says in court documents that she and a bandmate were leaving her recording studio June 13 when Stevens, who she does not know, appeared and said he'd waited for her last week for 15 hours.
Jackson says Stevens refused to leave, said he was "stalking her," mentioned a shotgun and said "by midnight it will all be over."
Then July 1, Stevens tweeted at Jackson that he was her "soulmate."
No current phone number for Stevens could be found to ask for comment.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, April 28 The U.S. stock market rallied sharply in the wake of President Donald Trump's election on Nov. 8, fueled by the hopes for his agenda of cutting taxes, spending on infrastructure and reducing regulations.
But since he took office, the road toward enacting these proposals has proved bumpy, and several of the early stock winners have faded.
Here is a look at four "Trump trades" and how they have fared since his election and since his inauguration.
OBAMACARE
Barometer: Index of five hospital stocks (HCA Holdings , Tenet Healthcare, Universal Health Services , Community Health Systems, LifePoint Health )
Election to inauguration: -7.1 percent
Inauguration to present: +4.1 percent
President Trump's election sent shivers through investors in hospital operators because of his vow to immediately repeal the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, which benefited hospitals by expanding insurance coverage.
But passing healthcare legislation has proved to be not so straightforward even though Trump's fellow Republicans control both chambers of Congress - which has helped the stocks recover. Republicans in the House of Representatives had to pull their first attempt at a bill in late March in a surprising setback for Trump.
The effort seemed to gain fresh momentum on Wednesday as a reworked version won key support from the conservative House Freedom Caucus, with hospital stocks falling after the news, but congressional aides said Thursday that House leaders decided against holding a vote on the healthcare overhaul this week.
INFRASTRUCTURE
Barometer: Index of six infrastructure-related stocks (Caterpillar, Terex, Vulcan Materials, AECOM, Granite Construction, Nucor)
Election to inauguration: +13 percent
Inauguration to present: +2.4 percent
Trump's vow to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure helped lead to a windfall for many investors in industries such as construction, engineering, building materials and steel in the immediate aftermath of the election.
Trump has maintained strong support for an infrastructure package, including earlier this month saying his overhaul could top $1 trillion on roads, tunnels and bridges, while promising to cut red tape to speed approval of infrastructure projects. But performance of the stocks has leveled off as an infrastructure package has not yet materialized, while there are indications that putting such a massive program to work could be easier said than done.
BANKS
Barometer: S&P 500 banks index
Election to inauguration: +20.8 percent
Inauguration to present: +3.1 percent
Perhaps no sector benefited as much from President Trump's election as banking in the immediate aftermath of his win. Optimism over his ability to roll back regulations boosted the group. Expectations that his agenda would stimulate the economy, promoting inflation and higher interest rates, also energized investors in banking stocks.
But after the stocks' big run, concerns about slowing loan growth have emerged for banks. Trump has pledged to roll back regulations and reforms put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, but his struggle so far in Congress left doubts about whether he can push through such deregulation.
Even though former Goldman Sachs executives populate his administration, Trump himself has been a bit of a wild card for banks, including recent comments that he would like to see interest rates stay low.
TAX CUTS
Barometer: Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks
Election to inauguration: +12.6 percent
Inauguration to present: +5.3 percent
Trump's plan to cut taxes broadly and reform the tax code gave investors reason to be optimistic about U.S. equities after his election, particularly investing in smaller companies that tend to be more domestically focused.
The promise of tax cuts is still driving the market, which has surged to near records in recent days as Trump was primed to propose slashing the corporate income tax rate to 15 percent. But Trump's struggle in his first legislative effort - repealing Obamacare - has sowed doubts about his ability to enact his plans.
Since Trump started in office, investors have also expressed concerns that his involvement in international issues in Syria, North Korea and elsewhere would distract from his domestic agenda.
(Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Blainville-Boisbriand's Alex Barre-Boulet was given a major penalty and game misconduct for checking from behind at 10:45 of the second period.
---
REMPARTS 3 MOOSEHEADS 2 (OT)
HALIFAX — Jesse Sutton scored the overtime winner as Quebec topped the Mooseheads
Olivier Mathieu and Louis-Filip Cote also scored for the Remparts (5-0-0).
Filip Zadina and Maxime Fortier found the back of the net for Halifax (4-1-1).
Dereck Baribeau made 31 saves for Quebec. Blade Mann-Dixon turned away 22 shots for the Mooseheads.
---
SEA DOGS 4 ISLANDERS 0
CHARLOTTETOWN — Cody Porter stopped all 28 shots he faced as Saint John shut out the Islanders.
Ostap Safin struck twice with Kevin Gursoy and Daniel Hardie also chipping in for the Sea Dogs (3-3-1).
Dakota Lund-Cornish stopped 29 shots for Charlottetown (1-5-0).
---
SAGUENEENS 4 TIGRES 0
CHICOUTIMI, Que. — Zachary Bouthillier stopped 29 shots and Felix-Antoine Marcotty scored twice as the Sagueneens blanked Victoriaville.
Vladislav Kotkov supplied the game winning goal for Chicoutimi (1-3-1) at 10:18 of the first period and Jeremy Fortin had the other.
Tristan Cote-Cazenave made 29 saves for the Tigres (4-1-0).
---
OLYMPIQUES 7 CATARACTES 1
GATINEAU, Que. — Shawn Boudrias had two goals and two assists to lead the Olympiques past Shawinigan.
Mitchell Balmas, Mikhail Shestopalov, Vitalii Abramov, Gabriel Bilodeau and Will Thompson rounded out the attack for Gatineau (2-1-1).
Antoine Demers replied for the Cataractes (0-5-1).
Mathieu Bellemare turned aside 40 shots for the Olympiques. Mikhail Denisov combined with Mikhail Denisov for 22 saves for Shawinigan.
---
DRAKKAR 3 HUSKIES 2 (SO)
ROUYN-NORANDA, Que. — Ivan Chekhovich scored the only goal in the shootout as Baie-Comeau got past the Huskies.
Gabriel Fortier and Jordan Martel had goals in regulation for the Drakkar (3-3-0). Antoine Samuel made 40 saves for the win in net.
Mathieu Boucher and William Cyr found the back of the net for Rouyn-Noranda (4-1-1). Samuel Harvey turned aside 25 shots.
By The Canadian Press
STOCKHOLM Sweden's centre-left government wants to fast-track plans to make it a criminal offence to be a member of what it deems a terrorist organisation, Justice Minister Morgan Johansson said, bringing Sweden into line with neighbour Norway.
The deadly truck attack in central Stockholm that left four dead and injured another 15 has led to widespread calls for tighter laws, more resources for police and a speedier framework for deporting people who have been denied asylum.
"Freedom of association was never intended to mean that you could be active in terrorist organisations," Johansson told a news conference.
"In the circumstance, this will be fast-tracked."
Similar measures have been discussed previously in Sweden, but were abandoned because they could clash with civil liberties enshrined in Sweden's constitution.
The government has appointed a high court judge to investigate legal framework for a new law, which could be introduced by autumn next year.
Police have said that Rakhmat Akilov, who is suspected mowing down shoppers on a busy Stockholm street in a hijacked truck, had expressed sympathies with extremist organisations.
Security services had not viewed him as a militant threat.
Sweden already has a law making it illegal to travel abroad for terrorist purposes.
Norway introduced a law making it illegal to be a member of a terrorist organisation in 2013.
(Reporting by Simon Johnson)
Modesto man attacks ex's new boyfriend with hatchet
Photo: Sharon Bear, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In this undated photo released by the Modesto Police Department is Shane Harden. Police in central California say Harden was arrested after hitting his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend in the head with a small hatchet. The Modesto Bee reported Monday, July 2, 2018, that police arrested Harden, 34, last weekend at his Modesto home on allegations of attempted murder, stalking, violating a restraining order and violating his probation. (Modesto Police Department via AP) less In this undated photo released by the Modesto Police Department is Shane Harden. Police in central California say Harden was arrested after hitting his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend in the head with a small ... more Photo: Sharon Bear, AP Modesto man attacks ex's new boyfriend with hatchet 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
MODESTO, Calif. (AP) — Police in central California say a man was arrested after hitting his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend in the head with a small hatchet.
The Modesto Bee reports that police arrested 34-year-old Shane Harden last weekend at his Modesto home on allegations of attempted murder, stalking, violating a restraining order and violating his probation.
Police say Harden had been stalking the couple since they started dating more than a year ago and had argued with them several times.
Modesto Police Department spokeswoman Sharon Bear says Harden showed up at his ex-girlfriend's house on June 11 and hit her boyfriend in the head with the hatchet, causing a four-inch laceration to his head.
It wasn't immediately clear Tuesday if Harden has an attorney.
My dearest readers ... It is not surprising that 24 hours after his team's magical come-back-from-behind 4-2 victory (and 4-3 aggregate win) over Congo's AC Leopard on the memorable Saturday afternoon, Mbabane Swallows boss, Victor ‘Maradona' Gamedze spent the Sunday afternoon worshipping at Pastor Lukumba's Straight Gate Church at Sidvwashini.
He had to renew his Christian faith, not just because it was Easter weekend but to thank the Almighty God for all His guidance and blessings. For Saturday's once-in-a-lifetime victory, the ‘Somhlolo Miracle 2017,' was an outstanding victory of not just sheer athleticism, never-say-die attitude, togetherness but it was God's intervention in its most classic form. I have not gone through the holy bible with a fine tooth comb but my Pastor Lukumba does say consistently in his moving sermons, when God intervenes, he does show off. Needless to say, I am living proof.
Swallows amazing triumph was a victory for team spirit, tenacity, absence of an ego, the good old-fashioned graft, individual brilliance and team work – all qualities that become easier to admire in a world where fame and success is too often the preserve of the trite and shallow. A football world where it is hard to believe the celestial influence on the modern game when undeserving teams often prosper, roughshod over the smaller teams using state resources and corrupt means – like CAF's inept administration and corrupt refereeing – to ensure the good guys finish last.
I was in the run down Deni Sassou Ngesso Stadium in poverty stricken Congo, one of the poorest countries in the world, last week Sunday watching in horror as inept Burundian match officials, operating on their own rule book, denied Swallows, at the very least, a credible away 1-all draw. They shockingly disallowed a legitimate headed goal when Kingu Mydo, a Chelsea's Brazilian midfielder look-alike – yards on side - perfectly finished off jersey number 11, Banele ‘Pupu' Sikhondze's deceptive cross on stoppage time.
Horror of horrors visually impaired Burundian first assistant referee Kakunze Herve (I think I overheard Stevie Wonder tell Babsy Mlangeni he would have given the goal 10 times out of 10 – and Ray Charles agreed!) flagged for a non-existent off-side. It reminded me how the dearly departed Orlando Pirates (the club that gives me more joy and pain than any woman ever could) goalkeeper, Senzo Meyiwa had to save two dubious penalties against TP Mazembe in Lubumbashi. It became worse when CAF, in the biggest lie I have heard since Jonah said he had been swallowed by the fish in biblical times, suspended striker Sabelo ‘Sikhali' Ndzinisa on a ludicrous and spurious charge of having broken the dressing room door down at Deni Sassou Ngesso Stadium.
But nothing is impossible with God.
Inspite of going 0-2 down in the first half at home, Swallows rallied by a passionate over 5 000 crowds fought back gallantly.
Records on all fronts tumbled like a deck of cards as the magical, brilliant, irresistible and nonchalant ‘Birds' re-wrote history books by over-turning a 0-1 first leg tie defeat to storm into the group stages of the CAF Confederation Cup on a 4-3 aggregate score. It's the first time a local team reached the group stages of the inter-club tournament under the new format having eliminated three teams in the process. Swaziland's most successful club, Mbabane Highlanders had reached the quarter-finals in 1986, losing to Egypt's Zamalek (formerly known as FC National) when the tournament did not have any group stages. Highlanders had qualified for the tournament after having beaten ‘Timbungulu', Mbabane Dribbling Wizards 2-1 in the final of the then Impala Cup. Twice Royal Leopard has lost in the CAF Champions League Play-offs – in 2012 and 2015.
An Arkansas couple whose two-week-old daughter was taken to the hospital covered in rat bites have been sentenced to prison, PEOPLE confirms.
Erica Shryock and Charles Elliot of Magnolia were sentenced to five years in prison after pleading guilty to a felony charge of permitting the abuse of a minor, a Columbia County Circuit Court official tells PEOPLE. As part of a plea deal, a second charge of endangering the welfare of a minor was dropped.
Shryock and Elliott were arrested in May after they brought their 15-day-old daughter to a local hospital's emergency room. The baby was suffering from dozens of rat bites all over her body, according to a probable because affidavit obtained by PEOPLE.
The wounds, which doctors said numbered between 75 and 100, were on the child's arms, hands, face and fingers. One wound on the baby's forehead was approximately one inch in diameter and was so deep the skull was visible, the affidavit states.
During police questioning, Shryock and Elliott told police that the baby slept in a bassinet in the same room as them. On the morning of May 14, shortly after 5 a.m., the couple was woken up by the sound of the baby screaming and crying. When they went to check on the girl, there was blood everywhere, Elliott told police.
Bloody rat footprints were left in the crib, Elliott said.
Both Shryock and Elliott admitted to knowing they had a rat problem, but they did nothing to address the issue, according to the affidavit.
Elliott called his mother, who urged the couple to take the baby to the hospital. They hesitated, Elliot told investigators, because they were afraid the baby would be taken away from them. A few hours later, at 9 a.m., Shryock and Elliott took the girl to the hospital.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
At the hospital, police spoke to Elliott's mother, Regina Barton, who said she was told the bites were from a mouse, the affidavit states.
• For more compelling True Crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard
A note from a doctor at Arkansas Children's Hospital stated that the child had “severe skin destruction from rat feeding” that would have taken “hours to occur,” according to the affidavit. The doctor said Elliot and Shryock must have been absent or incapacitated to not hear their child's screams.
Shryock later admitted to using drugs the week her daughter was hospitalized, including synthetic marijuana and marijuana, methamphetamine, and Tylenol mixed with codeine, which was prescribed, according to the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette.
Elliott also admitted later that he had smoked marijuana before being arrested and had used crystal meth and synthetic marijuana in the last year, according to the Gazette.
The couple will start serving their sentences with 293 days of jail credit, the paper reports.
The girl was given facial reconstruction surgery to fix the wound on her forehead, according to the affidavit. She has since been adopted, according to the Gazette.
The couple's attorney, Joseph Churchwell, could not be reached for comment Friday.
Michigan police went above the call of duty early on Tuesday when they organized more than a dozen semi-trucks under a Detroit freeway to help a man threatening to commit suicide.
The I-696 freeway was temporarily closed when someone reported that a man was on the bridge over the highway just before 1 a.m. local time, Fox 2 reported. Michigan State Police enlisted the help of 13 drivers to form a truck wall under the bridge to shorten the distance of the man's fall, should he jump.
Michigan State Police spokesman Lt. Mike Shaw told The Detroit News that after traffic was blocked, officers had the detoured truck drivers park under the overpass on both sides of I-696.
State police did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
The effort was a success. The man did not jump and instead walked off the bridge, Fox 2 and the Detroit News both reported. Police took him to a local hospital for evaluation, Detroit News said. The road was reopened around 4 a.m. local time.
“This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life,” Michigan police in a Twitter post alongside a photo from the incident. “Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.”
If you or someone you know is having thoughts of suicide, please call the National Suicide Prevention Line at 1-800-273-8255
Gomes' grand slam helps Indians rally past Royals, 6-4
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Charlie Riedel, AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 Cleveland Indians' Yan Gomes, right, celebrates with Yonder Alonso after Gomes hit a grand slam during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. less Cleveland Indians' Yan Gomes, right, celebrates with Yonder Alonso after Gomes hit a grand slam during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas ... more Photo: Charlie Riedel, AP Image 2 of 7 Cleveland Indians right fielder Brandon Guyer catches a fly ball for the out on Kansas City Royals' Jorge Bonifacio during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. Cleveland Indians right fielder Brandon Guyer catches a fly ball for the out on Kansas City Royals' Jorge Bonifacio during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. Photo: Charlie Riedel, AP Image 3 of 7 Kansas City Royals catcher Salvador Perez stands at the plate while Cleveland Indians celebrate after a grand slam hit Yan Gomes during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. less Kansas City Royals catcher Salvador Perez stands at the plate while Cleveland Indians celebrate after a grand slam hit Yan Gomes during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas City, ... more Photo: Charlie Riedel, AP Image 4 of 7 Cleveland Indians second baseman Erik Gonzalez, left, and center fielder Rajai Davis try to field an RBI single by Kansas City Royals' Whit Merrifield during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. less Cleveland Indians second baseman Erik Gonzalez, left, and center fielder Rajai Davis try to field an RBI single by Kansas City Royals' Whit Merrifield during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July ... more Photo: Charlie Riedel, AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 Cleveland Indians right fielder Brandon Guyer catches a fly ball for the out on Kansas City Royals' Jorge Bonifacio during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. Cleveland Indians right fielder Brandon Guyer catches a fly ball for the out on Kansas City Royals' Jorge Bonifacio during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Kansas City, Mo. Photo: Charlie Riedel, AP Image 7 of 7 Gomes' grand slam helps Indians rally past Royals, 6-4 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Former Baltimore Orioles manager Earl Weaver said the key to winning is "pitching, fundamentals and three-run homers."
Cleveland Indians manager Terry Francona can go one better: grand slams.
Yan Gomes hit a grand slam in the sixth inning and the Indians rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals 6-4 on Tuesday night.
The Indians lead the American League with eight grand slams and it was their second in two nights. Francisco Lindor hit one Monday.
"I'm glad," Francona said. "I hope we have a ton more opportunities. I'm really happy about that. That's really good for us."
Edwin Encarnacion led off the sixth with a walk and Brandon Guyer was hit by Danny Duffy's pitch. Yonder Alonso's infield single loaded the bases before Gomes drove Duffy's 1-0 changeup into the left-field bullpen.
"I hope it's not contagious, because that means people are going up there looking to hit a grand slam," Gomes said. "You really just want to get up there and try to keep the line moving. I hope if we get more bases-loaded (situations), we're just able to drive more guys in, whether that's a sac fly or a base hit or a grand slam."
Gomes is 10 for 26 (.385) with three home runs and eight RBIs off Duffy.
Shane Bieber (4-0) allowed all the Kansas City runs in the first two innings, and remains undefeated in his first five big league starts.
"Things got a little ugly," Bieber said. "They could have gotten a lot worse. I was trying to go out there and compete and move on to the next pitch."
Chad Allen got the final four outs for his 17th save in 18 chances and his fifth of more than one inning. He stranded two runners in the ninth after a single and a walk.
Duffy (4-8) yielded six runs on eight hits, two walks and a hit batter. He is 0-3 against the Indians this season and has lost eight in a row against them dating to May 6, 2015.
"It was belt high and right out over the plate for him to tattoo and that's what he did," Duffy said of the grand slam. "I hate that old song and dance these things happen, bull, but these things do happen. And it's happened to us a lot lately. It's really frustrating. I gave up six runs today, which means I didn't pitch very well."
It took Duffy 25 pitches to record an out with Lindor, Michael Brantley and Jose Ramirez opening the game with singles. Ramirez's single deflected off Duffy's glove to score Lindor. Alfonso's fly to center scored Brantley with the second run.
"The first inning was a grind for Danny, 36 pitches, but he really did a pretty good job of limiting the damage there with only two runs and kind of got on a roll," Royals manager Ned Yost said.
Lucas Duda homered with Rosell Herrera, who had three hits, on board to tie it in the bottom of the first.
The Royals forged ahead 4-2 in the second. Whit Merrifield singled home Adalberto Mondesi and scored on Herrera's two-out double.
The Royals lost for the 24th time in 29 games. They did manage 12 hits, ending a club record of 24 straight games without getting double-figure hits.
ROSTER MOVES
Indians: Recalled OF Greg Allen from Triple-A Columbus, where he was hitting .487 in a nine-game hitting streak at the time of the promotion. He hit .204 in 34 games earlier this season with Cleveland. "It definitely helps to have gone through it before," Allen said. "That just comes with experience."
DRAFT SIGNINGS
Indians: They signed their first two draft picks, Canadian high school C Noah Naylor and Cumming, Georgia high school RHP Ethan Hankins. Naylor, the 29th overall pick, signed for $2,578,138, while Hankins, the 35th overall pick, signed for $2,246,022.
Royals: RHP Brady Singer, the 18th overall pick, signed for $4.25 million. He was the college player of the year, going 12-3 with a 2.55 ERA as a Florida junior.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Indians: OF Lonnie Chisenhall (strained left calf) was placed on the disabled list. This is the second straight year he has been set back by calf injuries. He missed 50 games earlier this season with a left calf injury. He was out most of the second half of last year with a right calf injury.
Guyer left in the ninth after fouling a pitch off his left knee. Francona said the X-rays were negative.
Royals: RHP Ian Kennedy (strained left oblique) was placed on the disabled list retroactive to June 30th. . 3B Mike Moustakas (lower back spasms) was a late scratch. Yost said his back tightened up after he lifted one of his children.
UP NEXT
Indians: RHP Trevor Bauer is 0-1 with a 3.55 ERA in two starts this season against the Royals.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The change of use of a forecourt in Clifden into a location for occasional trading use is being appealed to An Bord Pleanála.
Liam Keogh, C/O Dooley Architects in Clifden had been granted planning permission from the county council to trade from a van in the forecourt in front of Unit 6, the Mart, Galway Road in Clifden.
However that decision has now been appealed to the higher planning authority.
The decision by county planners meant that on occasion, food could be sold at the business park location on a take-away basis.
However, in an appeal to An Bord Pleanála, it's argued that the decision goes against proper planning as the ‘casual trading' is not normally permitted in the location.
Also it's claimed that the provision of a mobile chip van parked in front of a building in the business park would lead to a major deterioration of the amenity of the area.
A decision is due from An Bord Pleanála on the Clifden appeal in October.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Lee Westwood couldn't emulate his second-round 62 but did enough Saturday to stay in contention at the Maybank Championship after shooting a 70 to trail the leaders by three strokes.
The Englishman managed only three birdies in comparison to his mammoth 11 on Friday.
Jorge Campillo of Spain and Dylan Frittelli of South Africa are the joint leaders after both shot 66s for 15 under overall at the European Tour event.
"I had a few tough holes, but I managed to make the putts so overall I played solid," Campillo said.
Henrik Stenson (73) and defending champion Fabrizio Zanotti (75) trail the leaders by 11 shots.
It was a day of low scores, with six golfers — including Campillo — firing an eagle on the par-5 first hole.
With 18 golfers separated by only three shots at the top, competition will be rife on Sunday.
Khalin Joshi of India and Berry Henson of the United States trail the leaders by one shot after matching 65s. Henson is a self-proclaimed "Mr. Sunday" after shooting 65 and 64 at the Singapore Open and Myanmar Open, respectively, and will be out for another low score.
Overnight leaders Phachara Khongwatmai (70) and Nino Bertasio (70) are 13 under, along with Prayad Marksaeng of Thailand (67), Japanese duo Hideto Tanihara (68) and Ryo Ishikawa (63) and Scotland's Marc Warren (69).
Westwood is one shot away from that pack in a group which includes New Zealander Ryan Fox, who shot an albatross on the first hole.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WELLINGTON, Aug 14 (Reuters) - Growth in New Zealand's services sector slowed in July as the winter weather curbed activity, a survey showed on Monday.
The Bank of New Zealand-Business NZ's seasonally adjusted performance of services index (PSI) dropped 2.3 points to 56.0, its lowest since April.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in activity.
"Looking at comments from respondents, a number of negative comments centred on wet and wintery conditions hampering business activity," Business NZ chief executive Kirk Hope said in a statement accompanying the data.
March 31 Yifan Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 35 percent to 60 percent, or to be 184.4 million yuan to 218.5 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 136.6 million yuan
* Says that increased drug price as main reason for forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/bh38gO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
MILAN, March 31 European shares fell in early trading on Friday, weighed down by losses among mining stocks and by a slump in South African-exposed insurer Old Mutual , but were firmly on track to end the quarter with a gain.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was down 0.2 percent, on track to end the first quarter with a gain of 5 percent, its third straight quarterly gain. The UK's FTSE 100 fell 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX was flat.
Europe's Basic Resources index, where big miners are listed, fell 1.5 percent, leading sectoral fallers in Europe.
Old Mutual was the biggest loser on the STOXX, down 7.4 percent, as South Africa's rand and government bonds fell after President Jacob Zuma fired his respected finance minister in a late-night cabinet reshuffle.
(Reporting by Danilo Masoni, editing by Kit Rees)
*THWACK* Kid Tries To Run Through What He Thinks Is The Exit Of A Glass Maze (It Was Not The Exit)
At some point everyone has to learn their lesson about not walking into panes of glass, and it looks he was able to laugh this one off.
Mythical and magnificent, yet gentle and intensely loyal, the Irish wolfhound can only be described in superlatives, finds Flora Watkins. Photographs by Millie Pilkington and Sarah Farnsworth.
An early-19th-century painting of an Irish wolfhound by the artist Reinagle shows the dog ‘looking back over his shoulder into the past'. It's an arresting image and one with which devotees are familiar, for myths and legends swirl around the wolfhound's origins, like so many ancient sites.
It was moving to a 16th-century house near Stonehenge that sparked Trudie Styler's love affair with the breed in the early 1990s. Something about the place itself inspired her husband, she recalls. ‘Sting just said to me “I'd like to buy a wolfhound. I think you'd enjoy having your own dog and this house sort of looks like it should be for wolfhounds”.'
The family acquired two puppies, Gideon and Finbarr, who immediately ‘seemed to fit not just Lake House, but into our lives – so loyal and kind around children, so loyal to me; the ideal dog for this lovely place.'
Although Gideon lived to a good age, Finn ‘didn't go on as long' – wolfhounds, sadly, only tend to live for 6–10 years – and the experience prompted Miss Styler to found her Dukesarum kennel, committed to breeding for health and longevity.
‘Lake House was built in 1578 by a man called George Duke and Old Sarum was an Iron Age hill fort, the site of the old settlement, north of Salisbury,' Miss Styler explains. Putting Duke and Sarum together gave her the perfect prefix for ‘these majestic dogs'.
When I visit, there are 11 Dukesarum wolfhounds in residence, including Cainagh and Winston, ‘our house dogs', a handsome young hound called Atticus – ‘the second love of my life,' his mistress laughs – and four 13-week-old puppies, with coltish long legs and endearingly huge paws.
‘It's tremendous going for walks up the old drover's road towards Stonehenge when there are seven or eight at a time,' muses Miss Styler.
‘They can really gallop up there on that large stretch of land; they're in their element. It's like a sight from a different century.'
If it isn't hard to imagine Uther Pendragon walking among the Dukesarum wolfhounds on Salisbury Plain, that's because the breed, in some form, dates from well before the time of the Arthurian legends.
Hilary Jupp, a retired breeder who's researched the Irish wolfhound for 40 years, says that, although ‘the name is quite a recent one, the hound itself goes back far into the mists of time'.
There are mentions of the cú – translated, variously, as wolf dog or Irish hound – in Irish laws pre-dating Christianity. Only kings and the nobility were allowed to own the great Irish hound, which was used to hunt wolves and deer, to protect herds and went into battle alongside its master. Tales abound of the Fianna and their greatest chief, Fionn mac Cumhall, hunting and fighting with their colossal hounds.
However, Mrs Jupp cautions that some of the stories about wolfhounds – such as that of Gelert, slain by his master, Prince Llewellyn of Wales, in the mistaken belief he had killed his infant son (Gelert had killed a wolf threatening the baby) – seem, sadly, ‘to have been made up completely'.
After the last wolf was killed in Ireland in the 18th century, the breed came close to dying out and it fell to two Victorian Scots to revive it: Maj Richardson lived in Dublin and Capt Graham began breeding in Gloucestershire, outcrossing with Scottish deerhounds. The first modern Irish wolfhounds were registered with the English Kennel Club in 1886.
The breed continued to be a favourite of the aristocracy: that great sporting Diana, Elizabeth, Empress of Austria, who travel-led to Ireland and Leicestershire for the hunting, had a brace of Irish wolfhounds: Shadow and Plato.
A source of great pride for the Irish, the wolfhound features in the emblem of the national bank, founded by Daniel O'Connell, and the breed has been sought out by wealthy Americans with Irish ancestry. The film director John Huston kept them and John F. Kennedy, perhaps with his own Camelot in mind, had one at the White House.
Today, the Irish wolfhound is no longer the preserve of the aristocracy and is prized as a family pet rather than a hunter, but owners do need sizeable grounds.
Danielle Rolfe and her husband, Guy, bought their first wolfhound, Montgomery, when they moved to Penton Park at Penton Mewsey in Hampshire. Once the country seat of William Cubitt, when he was Lord Mayor of London, it's now owned by Mr Rolfe's parents and run by the family as a wedding venue.
‘No breeder will let you buy a wolfhound without being checked. My uncle, who is on his fourth, originally had to submit aerial photos,' Mrs Rolfe discloses – these were to satisfy the breeder that the dog had sufficient space. Monty proved to be the archetypal ‘gentle giant' with the couple's three little girls.
‘When they were babies, all of my children used to lie on him to drink their bottles,' she continues. ‘They're very conscious of their pack; when I used to take the twins out in the double buggy, Monty would place himself between the girls and the friend we had gone to see.'
It was heartbreaking, then, when Monty had to be put to sleep, aged just six, due to cancer. A neighbour put the Rolfes in touch with the Dukesarum kennel and Miss Styler's breeder, Glenys Gwilliam. Once they had been approved – for Mrs Gwilliam, the people are as important as the place as wolfhounds are ‘soulful dogs and crave that interaction with humans more than anything else' – Marmaduke joined the household.
At the age of 10 months, he already stands 36in at the shoulder and, although still very puppyish, he's displaying the breed's wonderful traits and temperament, following two-year-old Camilla around the garden to keep an eye on her.
‘However, the minute a wedding cake comes into the house, we're on lockdown,' Mrs Rolfe adds hastily. ‘He will go and find what he's not allowed.' To date, this has included a roast chicken, a whole Brie, several pats of butter and a sofa. Monty once wolfed down a delivery of scallops and king prawns, that had been ordered from a Chelsea fishmonger for a family barbecue.
Space is essential for an Irish wolfhound, because, when you're as tall as a Shetland pony and the kitchen table is at shoulder height, all your accoutrements are Brobdingnagian. Marmaduke's bowl is the size of a horse's feed bucket and, instead of a stick, he helps himself to the contents of the log basket. He also refuses to get into the back of the family's Discovery, much in the way that some big horses won't load into a trailer.
Despite this, Maura Lyons, a molecular geneticist who is heavily involved with efforts to improve the health of the breed, manages to keep three wolfhounds at her two-bedroom cottage in Angus – although she reveals that ‘we don't mind sharing our sofas' and ‘Florrie gets into bed with us'. Florrie, along with Myrtle and Dahlia, is also ‘fond of gardening', creating some ‘spectacular holes' – think The Great Escape.
‘They need exercise, like any other dog, but they're not high-energy, like spaniels and labradors,' Dr Lyons continues. As with other sighthounds, ‘they'll take a bit of exercise, then like to take it easy'.
She speaks warmly of Miss Styler's efforts, as patron of the Irish Wolfhound Health Group, to try to reduce the heart problems and osteo-sarcoma that can affect the breed. Miss Styler hosts fundraisers and regular heart testing at Lake House and there's a bone-cancer research project running with Nottingham Vet School. If problems can be identified early, Dr Lyons explains, ‘then owners know that you don't breed from that dog'.
The Irish wolfhound has graced these isles for thousands of years. Thanks to the efforts of Miss Styler and fellow passionate advocates, the wolfhound is looking to the future, as well as the past.
Dances with wolves…
* European factories had strong start to Q2
* Euro zone manufacturing activity at six-year high
* British factory growth at three-year high
* Inflationary pressures remained elevated
By Jonathan Cable
LONDON, May 2 European manufacturers began the second quarter at a brisk pace, with the euro zone's factories increasing activity at the fastest rate in six years and Britain's still benefiting from a weak currency, surveys showed.
The upbeat surveys come ahead of presidential elections in France, the outcome of which has the potential to bring an end to the currency bloc, and as Britain and the European Union begin divorce negotiations.
IHS Markit's Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index for the euro zone jumped to 56.7 in April from March's 56.2, reaching its highest level since April 2011. The figure was one tick down from a preliminary reading of 56.8.
Manufacturing growth in Germany, France and Italy, the bloc's three biggest economies, was up near a six-year high, earlier data showed. Spanish activity accelerated.
"The manufacturing sector is thus showing strong momentum at the start of (the second quarter), which is likely to carry on in the near term," said Raphael Brun-Aguerre at JP Morgan.
Increasing demand came despite factories raising prices at the second-fastest rate in nearly six years. Signs that ultra-loose monetary policy is paying off, with solid growth and inflationary pressures, will be welcomed by the European Central Bank.
Official data last week showed inflation rose more than expected in April, returning to the ECB's target, and a Reuters poll suggested the central bank's next move would be to tighten policy.
Pressure is mounting on the ECB to start dialling back its lavish stimulus, but last week it kept its policy stance steady, even leaving the door open to more easing, arguing underlying inflation is not showing any signs of a convincing upward trend.
While markets expect it to tone down the language in June, removing a bias for further easing, ECB President Mario Draghi gave no hint of such moves on Thursday, only venturing to say economic risks have receded.
In another piece of upbeat news on Tuesday, official data showed unemployment in the euro zone held steady at 9.5 percent in March, its lowest since April 2009.
Growth in the currency bloc will be steady but modest in the coming year, an April Reuters poll of economists showed, although that forecast was partly contingent on independent candidate Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidency this weekend.
Opinion polls have showed Macron winning what is widely seen as France's most important election in decades. His opponent, far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, plans to quit the EU and the euro although she has recently said it might not be her top priority.
MAY'S BOOM BOON
Since a referendum last year in which British voters opted to leave the EU, the UK economy has fared much better than feared and the latest PMI suggested that momentum has so far continued.
The IHS Markit/CIPS UK Manufacturing PMI surged to a three-year high of 57.3 from March's 54.2, exceeding all forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists which had pointed to a slight decline to 54.0.
"After last week's surprisingly-downbeat Q1 GDP figures, then, today's survey provides us with optimism that the manufacturing sector should play a bigger role in offsetting the slowdown in the consumer services sector ahead," said Ruth Gregory at Capital Economics.
These figures may be a boon for Prime Minister Theresa May ahead of a June 8 snap election, after official data last week showed the economy slowed sharply in the first three months of the year as inflation hit consumers.
May's Conservative Party has a big lead over the opposition and if opinion polls are right will win the strong new mandate she says she wants to help her negotiate a good deal for Britain outside the European Union and its single market. (Additional reporting by Andy Bruce; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 10 One of the big hopes for a revival of the U.S. coal industry since the election of President Donald Trump is increasing exports. Right on cue, it looks likely that more of the fuel will be shipped to foreign buyers.
But this is a short-term boost and will benefit only a few U.S. coal miners, with the rest having to deal with domestic demand trending lower. The grim reality is that they can't compete with exports from lower cost producers around the globe.
While Trump may have declared an end to what he termed the "war on coal" of his predecessor Barack Obama, the U.S. coal sector is unlikely to export its way back to robust health.
This is simply because U.S. coal producers are too expensive to compete on global markets, especially in Asia, the region where coal demand is growing fastest and likely to remain the only bright spot in a world increasingly trying to move away from the polluting fuel.
The short-term boost to U.S. coal exports is virtually all down to Cyclone Debbie, a category four storm that closed mines and damaged infrastructure in eastern Australia's Queensland and New South Wales states, when it made landfall on March 28.
Queensland accounts for about 60 percent of Australia's exports, including the majority of coking coal, the higher-quality fuel used mainly in steelmaking. Australia is the world's largest exporter of coking coal and second to Indonesia in thermal coal, used mainly in power plants to generate electricity.
While the majority of mines were able to restart operations fairly quickly, it's taking time for the rail infrastructure to be repaired, meaning there is a shortage of coal for export.
This has sent prices soaring, with coking coal futures in Singapore - priced off the spot assessments for free-on-board Australian cargoes - soaring 77 percent from the day Debbie struck to a peak of $275 a tonne on April 6.
Thermal coal prices also rose. Even though shipments of the grade of fuel from Australia weren't nearly as badly affected by Debbie, the benchmark weekly index rose 9.1 percent in the week to April 7 from the week prior to the storm's arrival.
While thermal coal supplies from Australia may be slightly constrained in coming weeks, the main issue is in coking coal. Chinese, Japanese, South Korean and Indian steelmakers are all scrambling to source alternative supplies.
The Chinese will look first to neighbouring Mongolia and Russia, while the others will cast a wide net - including as far as the United States.
This is a boon to U.S. coking coal producers, many of whom are located in the Appalachian mountains, the region that has borne the brunt of the decline in domestic coal consumption.
Assuming these miners can ramp up production, they likely have a six-week to two-month window to lock in exports at higher prices before Australian mines can resume normal deliveries.
As much as 15 million tonnes of Australian coking coal may be lost to the market from Debbie. That's significant, but still below the estimated 25 million tonnes lost to Cyclone Yasi in 2011, which prompted spot prices to rise to above $330 a tonne.
U.S. EXPORTS MOVING UP
There does appear to be an uptick in U.S. exports already in April, with Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts estimating that 6.8 million tonnes has already been booked for shipment in the month.
Given only one-third of the month has passed and more cargoes are certain to be booked, this looks strong compared to the 7.56 million tonnes exported for the whole of March.
Last month was already the highest monthly total recorded since January 2015, the starting point for Thomson Reuters vessel-tracking and shipping data.
U.S. coal exports have been on a declining trend, with 2015's 75.36 million tonnes slipping to 65.77 million last year.
This is largely because of lower purchases from top destination Europe, where U.S. thermal coal struggles to compete against similar quality coal from Colombia and South Africa.
U.S. coking coal remains sought after by European steel mills and is competitive against supplies from Russia, the main alternative for Europe given Australia is too distant and freight costs would be too high.
But U.S. thermal coal is unlikely to be able to compete anywhere around the globe, given the higher cost of production.
Data from consultants CRU show the that weighted average business cost for U.S. thermal coal, or the price where 50 percent or more of operations in the country are making positive cash flow, lies at $83.22 a tonne.
This is well above $39.49 a tonne for Colombia and the $48.73 for South Africa, showing that even with a slight seaborne freight advantage, U.S. thermal coal cannot even compete in Europe, far less Asia where the shipping costs would be much higher.
Australia's weighted average business cost for thermal coal is $53.98 a tonne, and for coking coal it's $67.34, according to the CRU figures.
The U.S. coking coal cost is $86.62, which shows that it can be competitive globally, even with higher freight costs - as long as the coking coal price remains at elevated levels.
Coking coal enjoyed a strong rally last year on the back of strong Chinese demand as steel production rose in the world's second-biggest economy and domestic coal output dropped because of policy constraints.
Since peaking around $300 a tonne in November, coking coal has retreated and appeared to be finding a base around $155 a tonne. But that was before the arrival of Debbie.
When Australian supplies return to normal, it's likely that coking coal will once again head back to around the $150 mark, and possibly even lower given the uncertain outlook for China's steel sector this year.
This will make it harder, but not impossible, for U.S. coking coal miners to compete in Asia, and they are always likely to be the supplier of the marginal tonne to the region.
Unless U.S. coal miners can find a way to significantly lower their costs, the simple truth is that they cannot compete globally in thermal coal, and will struggle to compete in coking coal outside the European market. (Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Deborah J Johnston of the non-profit ‘Connecting Hearts', was appointed by the Governor in 2014 to be Virginia's Adoption Champion, and is working every day to engage and educate the public in support of Virginia's adoption program goals and objectives. Deborah visits our studio and is joined by Vincent, a smart and driven 13 year old who is looking for his forever home. Deborah and the passionate Connecting Hearts team work to fundraise and give children in foster care a brighter future and a sense of normalcy and belonging. For more information you can visit http://www.connectingheartsva.org or call 804-308-5946.
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY Connecting Hearts}
April 28 RAPALA VMC CORP
* Q1 NET SALES WERE 69.5 MEUR, AT LAST YEAR'S LEVEL (69.7)
* FULL YEAR OUTLOOK HAS BECOME MORE RESERVED DUE TO RECENT DEVELOPMENTS IN US
* RAPALA VMC CORP - FULL IMPACT OF DEVELOPMENTIN THE US IS DIFFICULT TO PREDICT, BUT IT IS LIKELY TO HAVE NEGATIVE IMPACT ON GROUP'S SALES AND PROFITABILITY BOTH AT DISTRIBUTION AND MANUFACTURING LEVEL IN 2017
* GROUP'S 2017 FULL YEAR OUTLOOK HAS BEEN UPDATED
* FULL YEAR NET SALES ARE NOW EXPECTED TO BE ABOVE LAST YEAR'S LEVEL
* SEES 2017 COMPARABLE OPERATING PROFIT BELOW LAST YEAR'S LEVEL Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ZURICH — After being arrested in Rio de Janeiro and accused of storing gold bars in Switzerland, Brazilian Olympic Committee president Carlos Nuzman was suspended by the IOC on Friday.
The decision came hours after Brazilian authorities investigating a 2016 Olympic vote-buying case asked for help from prosecutors in Switzerland.
The Brazilian Olympic Committee was also provisionally suspended and had its funding frozen.
Nuzman, a 75-year-old lawyer, was also removed from the IOC's panel overseeing preparations for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
The International Olympic Committee announced the decisions after an emergency conference call of its executive board. The IOC said its decision will not affect Brazilian athletes, who will continue to receive scholarship funds and be eligible for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Nuzman was arrested on Thursday on suspicion of obstructing investigators from Brazil and France, who detained and questioned him one month ago. Their case explores suspicious payments linked to how the city won the hosting rights for the 2016 Olympics.
Brazilian prosecutors revealed Thursday they believed Nuzman has stored 16 bars of gold in a depository in Geneva and greatly increased his wealth while overseeing the Rio bid and organizing committees.
The office of Switzerland's attorney general said Friday it is "currently analyzing" a request from Brazil for legal assistance.
"The request has been transferred from the Federal Office of Justice (FOJ) to the (attorney general's office) as the competent authority for execution," the federal office said in a statement.
Brazilian prosecutors have implicated Nuzman in a bribery scheme of at least $2 million to help win votes from IOC members, who chose Rio as host city in 2009 in a four-city contest. The losers were Chicago, supported by then-President Barack Obama, Madrid and Tokyo.
April 28 Beingmate Baby & Child Food Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to be 20 million yuan to 50 million yuan, compared to net loss of the same period in 2016 (214.2 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/L7jRYO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ZURICH Two executives of Switzerland's biggest political party violated laws against racism with a campaign advertisement suggesting people from Kosovo are violent criminals, the highest Swiss court ruled on Thursday.
The case revolved around a newspaper advert headlined "Kosovars slice up Swiss" that was part of a far-right Swiss People's Party (SVP) campaign to limit immigration.
The SVP, with nearly a third of seats in parliament, created the advert after a 2011 knife attack involving an aggressor of Kosovar heritage and a Swiss victim.
The Federal Supreme Court in Lausanne upheld the convictions of former SVP Secretary General Martin Baltisser and his deputy, Silvia Baer, on charges of racial discrimination, ruling their ad painted people from Kosovo as violent and undermined their human dignity.
The pair had appealed against their initial conviction, contending Kosovars did not qualify as a race or ethnicity. The court rejected their argument, saying ethnic Albanians in Kosovo constituted a distinct ethnicity.
"Those of Kosovaran heritage are represented as inferior and a hostile climate against them is created ... as well as the idea that people from Kosovar are not welcome," the court said in a statement.
"As the lower court rightly concluded, this fulfils fundamental conditions of discrimination and disparagement and the call to hate or discrimination."
Switzerland's Kosovar population numbers 111,000, Federal Statistics Office data show. Many left the Balkans amid wars in the 1990s.
The SVP is known in Switzerland for anti-immigration campaign advertisements as well as posters that some view as racist, including characterisations of white sheep kicking black sheep out of the country and women clad in black burqas.
The SVP raised concern about the decision's impact on freedom of expression.
"The law is being abused to silence unwelcome political opponents," the party said in a statement. "Such developments in a country that places high value in freedom of expression are a cause for concern."
Baer, who not respond to requests for comment, remains an SVP official. Baltisser, who referred questions to the SVP, works for former government minister Christoph Blocher, the billionaire architect of the party's rise to power since the 1980s.
A Bern cantonal court had fined Baltisser and Baer a combined more than 23,000 Swiss francs ($22,900).
Though the ad included details of the 2011 attack in the mountain town of Interlaken in smaller print, the court said most people would still interpret its message as a broad statement, not a reference to one incident.
"The average reader understands the description of the individual case merely as a shattering example of the headline's general claim that Kosovars are generally more violent and more criminal," the court wrote.
(This story corrects throughout to show subject of court case was a newspaper advertisement, not a poster)
(Editing by Alison Williams)
Screenshot: Ubisoft (Far Cry 3 Classic Edition)
Far Cry 3 Classic Edition came out yesterday for people who bought Far Cry 5's season pass and it's turned out to be the tropical island escape I didn't know I needed. After several weeks with the recent Far Cry 5 I thought I was done hunting wild boars and accidentally blowing myself up, but it's been refreshing to revisit the bright and verdant Rook Islands.
Narrative beats and clumsy post-colonial politics aside, Far Cry 3 is better than I remember it. The 2013 game, may be a more directed experience then the series' most recent installment. You do have less choice about the order of the missions you undertake. But in-between the story missions and fetch quests I am really appreciating the game's sumptuous visuals and vibrant colors. The tropical climate is a nice switch from Montana's dusty backroads and evergreen forests. The change of scenery alone makes familiar activities like collecting animal hides and laying siege to enemy outposts feel revitalized. Your player-character, Jason Brody, is still a whiny brat, but I had no idea how much I'd missed the small animations for when he's bandaging himself up or skinning a buffalo that help flesh out the moment-to-moment action and remind me how brutal life in a Far Cry game can be.
I've encountered one big negative, though,that's been taking me out of the experience: bad analog stick control. Unless you swiftly flick the sticks past the 40-50% range in any direction, the view on screen barely moves. It's not that noticeable until the first time you try to track an enemy on the move, at which point it feels like steering one of the island's beat-up jalopies. I constantly find myself either under-aiming because of a lack of sensitivity or overcompensating and unloading shots inches in front of my target.
Kotaku Game Diary Daily thoughts from a Kotaku staffer about a game we're playing.
Advertisement
While I'm playing on PS4, other players have noticed a similar issue on Xbox as well, complaining about the size of the sticks' dead zones, a problem Ubisoft Support is apparently aware of and looking into. While some people say it makes the current port of Far Cry 3 unplayable (someone who claims to have gone back and tried to the original Xbox 360 version of the game says they noticed a difference) it hasn't made me want to put the game down. What it has done is distract me from the rest of the game's beauty, which is even more stunning running on current-gen consoles. One second I'm marveling at an ocean view while seagulls fly overhead while the next I'm struggling to take down a boar from 20 yards out, like trying to take in the view while flies nip at your heels. It's not a reason to regret this virtual vacation but it's still something you'll complain to all your friends about when you get back home.
× Lawsuit accusing Seattle Mayor Ed Murray of sexual abuse is dropped
SEATTLE – The lawsuit accusing Seattle Mayor Ed Murray of sexual abuse has been dropped, but might be refiled again next year, according to documents filed in King County Superior Court.
The filing states Delvonn Heckard plans to file again next year, after Murray is out of office and after Heckard has completed drug rehabilitation.
The filing says Heckard believes his case will have a better chance once Murray is out of office.
“Seattle doesn't need that right now, so Delvonn decided to delay the case a few months,” Heckard's lawyer, Lincoln Beauregard said via Twitter.
Murray announced last month that he won't seek re-election in November. Murray had previously said he would continue to run for re-election, but his campaign was troubled after the 46-year-old Kent Heckard filed a lawsuit in April claiming Murray paid him for sex when the man was a teenager in the 1980s and Murray was in his 30s.
Murray has repeatedly denied the allegations, and his lawyer characterized the lawsuit as an attention grab.
“As we've seen repeatedly from opposing counsel, this filing fits firmly into the category of sensational media stunt,” Jeff Reading wrote in a statement last month. “Mayor Murray does not know this person. This is an ambush copycat false accusation that is being made without any details, evidence, timeline or anything at all to substantiate its veracity.”
In the immediate aftermath of the announcement, Murray's office said he had just learned the lawsuit was being dropped and that he didn't have any comments yet.
Delvonn Heckard is only delaying his lawsuit until the Mayor is out of power. — LincolnLawyer (@quietplease321) June 14, 2017
Delvonn wants to finish counseling and spare the City more theatrics with the sitting Mayor. — LincolnLawyer (@quietplease321) June 14, 2017
We, Delvonn and his legal team, will never give up, and never stop fighting. — LincolnLawyer (@quietplease321) June 14, 2017
We don't want the City burdened with a Mayor having to admit the truth under oath when he's deposed. — LincolnLawyer (@quietplease321) June 14, 2017
Seattle doesn't need that right now — so Delvonn decided to delay the case a few months. — LincolnLawyer (@quietplease321) June 14, 2017
Delvonn's goal was to spread the truth — the Mayor's decision not to run for reelection proved he was heard! Justice! — LincolnLawyer (@quietplease321) June 14, 2017
If you're heading to mass this weekend you might be well advised to avoid communion.
Mass goers are being cautioned against taking the sacrament on the tongue to reduce the spread of flu.
Another recommendation being encouraged is to nod or bow instead of shaking hands in an 'exchange of peace"
The HSE says members of the clergy or congregation should not attend mass if they are ill.
Priests are also being urged to use hand sanitisers during the above practices.
DARKE COUNTY – For a second consecutive day Darke County teams have canceled games on Tuesday because of rain.
The Arcanum at Bethel baseball and softball games have been canceled.
The Greenville at Tippecanoe boys tennis match has been canceled.
Standing up is something most of us never give a second thought.
But for one six-year-old boy, it is a major milestone.
Alex Craven
Alex Craven, who has Spastic Diplegic Cerebral Palsy, is on a long journey towards being able to take his very first steps, without assistance. And after a life-changing operation in the United States, he is one stage closer to achieving his aim.
His mum Sarah said: “Before surgery, if he tried to stand up his legs would collapse under him. He is now able to stand and take some weight on his legs, whilst holding on to something. It's a major achievement.
“It was an amazing feeling and just to see the smile on his face as he did it was priceless.”
Young Alex was diagnosed at just nine months old. His Cerebral Palsy caused muscle stiffness and meant he could not put his feet flat on the floor, straighten his legs or even wiggle his toes.
He was unable to sit, roll, stand or walk on his own.
Around two years ago, Alex's family set up the Alex Craven Fund and set about raising money for Selective Dorsal Rhizotomy surgery in America, knowing it could help him to walk independently for the first time.
With the support of the community, they raised the £60,000 needed to cover the costs of the procedure and travel. And Alex underwent the operation, as well as another procedure to lengthen his hamstrings, in July.
Several intensive physiotherapy sessions followed, before the family returned to the UK at the end of August. And now, it's home and hospital physio sessions as well as regular trips to see a specialist personal trainer in Wales, for the foreseeable future.
The family do not know how long it could take before Alex takes his first steps and walks unaided, but they will continue fundraising to help pay for his aftercare.
Mrs Craven said: “He is getting more confident now and is more determined than ever as he starts to see results.
“We appreciate everybody's support over the last two years. There's no way that we would have been able to afford the surgery without their help.
“Alex is doing things now he has never done before - and it's only going to get better.”
COPENHAGEN — After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
2017 is all about family — and staying active! — for Madonna.
The 58-year-old superstar and mother of four took to Instagram to share a snap of herself with her kids, posing for the camera while on a ski vacation in Switzerland.
“Starting 2017 with The 4 things that I love the most!” Madonna captioned the shot of herself with sons David Banda, 11, and Rocco John, 16, and daughters Mercy James, 10, and Lourdes “Lola” Leon, 20. The family is all smiles as the Swiss Alps can be seen in the background.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Starting 2017 with The 4 things that I love the most! 😂🎉🙏🏻🤡⛷🏂💘💘💘💘 A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Jan 1, 2017 at 3:22am PST
Swiss Family Robinson!! ⛷🏂🌈☃️🍟🍕🍺🎿⛷🏂🎡🏂🙌🏻🙌🏻😂🎉🎉💘@shavawn8 @ncrfilms @davidblaine @domsesto @luigiandiango A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Dec 29, 2016 at 9:15am PST
The family was joined by a larger group, including close friend David Blaine, for a group photo amid the gorgeous wintry landscape.
“Swiss Family Robinson!!” Madonna captioned the snap of 16, adding a plethora of emojis including a rainbow, pizza, snowman and heart.
David gets Air!!! I ⛷⛷😂⛷⛷😂🎿💘@ncrfilms A video posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Dec 29, 2016 at 9:22am PST
Baddest Chick on the Alps!! ⛷Mercy James💘😂🙌🏻☃️🌲 A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Jan 2, 2017 at 6:22am PST
Whether through practice, natural skill or a combination, the singer's younger kids seemed to have taken to the slopes like pros.
“David gets Air!!!” she captioned a video of her younger son completing an impressive jump over a snowbank.
Daughter Mercy was no exception, posing with a huge smile in her winter gear and looking like she's been skiing since she was born — no surprise, considering her general athletic prowess.
“The Baddest Chick on the Alps!! Mercy James,” the proud mom wrote to accompany the shot.
LEXINGTON, Ken. — An explosion rocked a United Parcel Service freight facility in Kentucky on Wednesday morning, injuring at least two people, but authorities say they doubt that the blast stemmed from a terror attack. Instead, it appears to be accidental, they said.
The incident took place in Lexington. UPS spokesman Glenn Zaccara told CNN that 12 employees were at the site. Two people were taken to the hospital with minor injuries.
In a message on Twitter, the Lexington Fire Department said, “Nothing leads us to believe this is anything other than an accidental explosion.”
Fire officials also tweeted that six people were taken to the hospital for observation.
Initial reports indicate the cause may have been a leak from materials contained in a trailer, Zaccara said.
Lt. Jessica Bowman, the fire department's public information officer, said the building is used for truck and trailer maintenance and that there are other UPS buildings in the area that are still in use.
“There was significant damage to the building. A large area of the roof was blown out and interior walls were knocked down, as well as exterior damage. There are pieces of the roof and insulation on the ground,” Bowman said. “There is no life hazard. Crews are on the scene stabilizing the building.”
Scene from the explosion this morning at a UPS maintenance facility. pic.twitter.com/TqhfoxtWAK — Lexington KY Fire (@LexKYFire) May 30, 2018
UPS is working with local authorities and won't provide additional details while there is an ongoing investigation, officials said.
An FBI statement obtained by CNN Law Enforcement Analyst Josh Campbell said the agency “is aware of the incident and is working with our local and state partners to assist as needed. At this time, it does not appear to be a criminal or terrorist act. It appears accidental.”
May 3 Indivior Plc
* Expects 2017 net revenue of $1,050m-$1,080m and net income of $200m-$220m (adds period)
* research and development expenditures are expected to increase over remainder of 2017 (removes extraneous word)
* Q1 net revenue growth of 3% to $265m (q1 2016: $258m)
* Q1 operating profit of $128m (q1 2016: $101m)
* Q1 net income of $80m (q1 2016: $50m)
* Cash balance at quarter end increased to $729m (year end 2016: $692m)
* Full year preliminary guidance for 2017 is confirmed
* Q1 gross margin was up slightly to 93% (q1 2016: 92%) primarily due to increased production in quarter.
* Q1 ebitda was $130m (q1 2016: $107m). Ebitda margin was 49% (q1 2016: 42%). Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Above, Margaret Reed, author of The Dogs of Camelot, signs a half dozen books for Lisa Lake and her daughter, Evelyn Collier-Lake, during a book signing at L'Armoire in New Canaan on Tuesday. At right, Reed ... more
Above, Margaret Reed, author of The Dogs of Camelot, signs a half dozen books for Lisa Lake and her daughter, Evelyn Collier-Lake, during a book signing at L'Armoire in New Canaan on Tuesday. At right, Reed talks with Westport's Karen Varsano and her daughter, Logan, who was a research assistant for her book. less
Margaret Reed, author of The Dogs of Camelot, talks with Westport's Karen Varsano and her daughter Logan who was a research assistant for her book, during a book signing at L'Armoire in New Canaan Conn. on ... more
Margaret Reed, author of The Dogs of Camelot, talks with Westport's Karen Varsano and her daughter Logan who was a research assistant for her book, during a book signing at L'Armoire in New Canaan Conn. on Tuesday May 29, 2018 less
Image 3 of 5 Buy photos
Margaret Reed, author of The Dogs of Camelot gets a hug from friend Susan pettenati from New Canaan during a book signing at L'Armoire in New Canaan Conn. on Tuesday May 29, 2018
Margaret Reed, author of The Dogs of Camelot gets a hug from friend Susan pettenati from New Canaan during a book signing at L'Armoire in New Canaan Conn. on Tuesday May 29, 2018
Photo: Alex Von Kleydorff / Hearst Connecticut Media
(Adds CEO comment, details of results, share price)
JOHANNESBURG May 3 MTN Group reported a 7.1 percent rise in first-quarter group revenue helped by a strong performance in data services, Africa's biggest mobile phone operator said on Wednesday.
Ratings agency Fitch downgraded MTN to junk status in April and gave it a negative outlook, citing weakness in the economic and operating environments of its main subsidiaries in South Africa and Nigeria.
MTN said data revenue, which contributed 20 percent of total revenue, was up 29.4 percent for the three months ended March 31.
Shares in MTN were up 1.36 percent to 128.52 rand at 0700 GMT.
"In our key markets of South Africa, Nigeria and Iran, significant network investments made over the past few years are underpinning the improving revenue trends," Group Chief Executive Rob Shuter said in a statement.
"The network investment planned for 2017 is expected to support further market share gains across our markets."
Year-to-date capital expenditure stands at 4.6 billion rand, MTN said.
Founded with the help of Pretoria at the end of white rule in 1994, MTN is seen as one of post-apartheid South Africa's biggest commercial successes, but clashes with regulators in recent years have raised questions about its governance and have hobbled its growth.
The firm, which does the bulk of its business in emerging markets, said Nigeria's subscriber base declined by 2.3 percent in the quarter due to new regulations, while total revenue increased by 11.6 percent.
MTN agreed to pay a fine of 330 billion naira ($1.1 billion), reduced from $5.2 billion, in June 2016 after a prolonged legal battle to end a dispute in Nigeria over missing a deadline to cut off unregistered SIM cards, which continues to sap its subscriber numbers.
"The ongoing network investment in Nigeria is delivering continued improvements in data quality in the metro areas and highlights MTN Group's commitment to the Nigerian market notwithstanding the challenging macro environment," Shuter said.
MTN is the largest mobile phone operator in Nigeria with about 60 million subscribers, and the country accounts for about a third of its revenue.
MTN's South Africa unit reported a 4.1 percent increase in service revenue, while Irancell booked a 76.7 percent increase in data revenue. (Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; editing by Vyas Mohan and Jason Neely)
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of German carmaker Porsche is seen on a Porsche centre in Niederwangen, Switzerland, May 10, 2016. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich/File Photo
The logo of German car manufacturer Audi is seen at a building of a car dealer in Duebendorf, Switzerland November 22, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
FRANKFURT Volkswagen Group's (VOWG_p.DE) Audi and Porsche brands will join forces on vehicle development, the two upmarket brands said on Wednesday, to help the world's largest carmaker save money in the wake of its costly emissions test cheating scandal.
The pact comes as Volkswagen (VW) Chief Executive Matthias Mueller, who previously worked as Porsche's CEO and Audi's head of product management, finalizes a plan to step up development of autonomous cars, electric vehicles and digital services.
Porsche and Audi said the focus was on jointly developing shared vehicle platforms, modules and components, in a deal that follows a period of intense in-house competition for development resources.
Projects will be jointly headed by representatives from each brand. In the coming months, joint teams will prepare the specific areas of cooperation and define a roadmap to 2025, they said.
Porsche, taken over by VW 2012, has emerged as a strong rival engineering center to Audi. Porsche's MSB platform, used for its four-seater Panamera model, has been adopted for VW group's next generation Bentley Continental model even though Audi had developed a similar offering.
Since the group's emissions test cheating on diesel engines was exposed in September 2015, Audi has lost two research and development chiefs and the head of its automotive electronics division, who did pioneering work in the area of autonomous driving and battery technology.
Audi remains the group's center of excellence for sport-utility vehicles, a lucrative and growing market, where it supplies platforms to Porsche and other brands such as Bentley.
With self-driving vehicles likely to play a major future role in the industry, Audi also develops autonomous cars for the group.
But a separate internal race has begun to become an engineering hub for electric vehicles, a field which includes research and development of battery cells, battery packs and electric motors.
Porsche has developed the J1 electric cars platform, while Audi has also worked on its own electric car.
Porsche has also taken over production of eight-cylinder gasoline engines for large sportscars for the VW group, even though Audi has its own engine factory in Hungary.
(Reporting by Edward Taylor; Editing by Mark Potter)
* NSE index up 0.18 pct, BSE index 0.11 pct higher
* Markets taking a breather - analyst
* Indian Oil Corp hits record high
By Tanvi Mehta
April 10 Indian shares were little changed on Monday as investors waited for cues from the March-quarter corporate results season before taking any large positions.
Indian shares have gained in double-digits so far this year, sending the broader NSE index to a record high of 9,273.90 last week, on the back of strong foreign investments and hopes for additional economic reforms.
Analysts said the January-March earnings would likely be key to determine whether those gains can be sustained.
Infosys Ltd, the country's second largest software services company, will start the earnings season on Thursday.
"Markets are taking a breather, possibly, we will take some directional call from then onwards," said Gaurang Shah, Vice President, Geojit Financial Services.
"It's only prudent that we consolidate for some time, given the run-up that we've seen."
The broader NSE index was up 0.18 percent at 9,215.15 as of 0558 GMT, helped by gains in energy stocks.
The benchmark BSE index was 0.11 percent higher at 29,739.05.
Indian Oil Corp Ltd rose as much as 3.3 percent to a record high. It gained 3 percent on Friday after a report that state-run oil marketing companies were mulling a plan that would allow daily changes in the price of automotive fuels.
Bhushan Steel Ltd surged as much as 8.3 percent to its highest since Aug 10, 2015 after Business Standard reported that the company last month submitted its final proposal for debt restructuring under the central bank's S4A scheme.
However, Reliance Communications Ltd fell as much as 4.1 percent after the Economic Times newspaper reported on Saturday that the company laid off more than 600 roles, citing people familiar with the matter. (Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
MUMBAI, March 31 India's Reliance Jio, the telecom unit of Reliance Industries, said on Friday it had signed up 72 million paying customers under its Prime plan, and added it had extended the enrolment deadline for the plan until April 15.
Jio's Prime plan is a critical component of the company's push to start charging its customers after starting operations in September with free data and calls.
Under the plan, Jio would charge those who enrol 303 rupees ($4.67) per month for unlimited data and free voice services for a year starting on Saturday, although usage of 4G data would be capped at 1 gigabytes per day.
Jio had set an enrolment deadline of Friday, which has now been extended until mid-April.
The company also sweetened its offering by saying those paid the monthly fee of 303 rupees by April 15 would receive free services for three months.
Jio has upended India's telecom sector since its entry, forcing rivals Bharti Airtel and Vodafone Group Plc's Indian unit into lowering their prices, thus eroding profits across the sector.
Both providers have also tried to match Jio's Prime plan with extra data offers.
Jio has also transformed the sector by forcing consolidation, with Vodafone and smaller rival Ideal Cellular this month announcing a merger, while Bharti is absorbing Telenor's Indian unit. ($1 = 64.8500 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Writing by Devidutta Tripathy; Editing by Rafael Nam)
LONDON (Reuters) - Vodafone (VOD.L) said on Friday it was in talks with John Malone's Liberty Global (LBTYA.O) about buying some of the cable company's assets in the continental European countries where they both operate, chief among them being Germany.
It said it was not in discussion with Liberty Global regarding a merger of the two firms.
“Vodafone confirms that it is in early stage discussions with Liberty Global regarding the potential acquisition of certain overlapping continental European assets owned by Liberty Global,” the company said.
The Financial Times earlier on Friday said the two were in talks about swapping assets in Europe.
Shares in Vodafone closed up 2.4 percent at 219.5 pence a share. Liberty Global rose to more than two-years highs in new York and was up 2.9 percent at $38.28 in afternoon trading.
Liberty Global noted Vodafone's statement and had no further comment, a spokesman said.
The world's second biggest mobile operator and the cable company discussed swapping assets in 2015, but they could not reach agreement on values.
The two, however, did agree the following year to form a joint venture in the Netherlands, VodafoneZiggo, bringing together mobile, broadband and TV services in a package designed to compete more effectively with former state monopoly KPN.
Branding hangs outside a Vodafone shop in Oxford, Britain, May 16, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Analysts have said that a more wide-ranging tie-up between the two would be the logical next step for both companies.
Vodafone Chief Executive Vittorio Colao has spoken favourably about doing further deals with Liberty, saying in November 2016 that the two could be a counter force to Deutsche Telekom.
Malone, whose Liberty Global is largely funded by debt, said last year that Liberty and Vodafone could not agree on values in the previous talks, but “the door was always open” to the British company.
Vodafone and Liberty also have overlapping operations in the Czech Republic, Hungary and Romania in continental Europe, as well as in two countries excluded from the talks, namely Britain and Ireland.
But Germany is by far the biggest continental market where Liberty's assets would help Vodafone to take on the former incumbent, Deutsche Telekom, with bigger packages of converged services.
Vodafone has a mobile market share of 26.1 percent by revenue in Germany, putting it second behind Deutsche Telekom with 30.3 percent, according to the Federal Network Regulator's latest annual report.
Deutsche Telekom leads the broadband market, with 13 million customers in Germany and a 40.1 percent market share. Vodafone is second on 19.7 percent, and Liberty's Unitymedia fourth at 10.5 percent, according to the VATM industry lobby.
A combination in Germany also stacks up geographically. Unitymedia is in the western German states of North Rhine-Westphalia, Hesse and Baden-Wuerttemberg, while Vodafone broadband is available in Germany's other 13 federal states, meaning there is no overlap between the two.
Unitymedia reported revenue of $703.1 million (496.43 million pounds) in the quarter to end-September 2017, 18 percent of Liberty's European revenue, and operating cash flow of $444.6 million, 24 percent of the group total.
The writers for Roseanne learned of the sitcom's cancellation through media reports — and on the day they expected to start work on the show's 11th season.
Executive producer Dave Caplan opened up to The Hollywood Reporter about the aftermath of star Roseanne Barr‘s racist tweet against former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett, which prompted ABC to cancel the rebooted show.
“Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj,” the 65-year-old actress wrote, using Jarrett's initials in response to a tweeted conspiracy theory about the Obama administration.
Caplan explained that he woke up Tuesday, the day the writing staff was set to begin work on the next season, and was “immediately horrified” upon reading Barr's Twitter attack, knowing it could have severe repercussions.
“I drove in to work. It was the first day for the writing staff of the next 13 shows. We knew that it was going to be a kind of bittersweet greeting of the new writers because we had really wonderful talent scheduled to write the next 13 episodes. We also knew that we couldn't start today,” he explained. “We hadn't found out that ABC had canceled the show yet, but we also knew that none of us were in the frame of mind to start writing the show under the circumstances. We got together as a group for the first time and there was a lot of bittersweet hellos — and a couple hours later, a lot of very difficult goodbyes.”
Roseanne Barr Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix/REX/Shutterstock
Caplan, who briefly worked on the show's original run and was part of the reboot, revealed that the writers and producers learned of the show's cancellation through the news. Executive producer Tom Werner then confirmed Roseanne had been canned in a phone call. He added that as far as he knew, no one had heard from Barr.
The veteran writer and producer also told The Hollywood Reporter it's unclear if employees would be paid.
“Everybody is still in shock at how quickly this all went down,” Caplan said. “It's unfortunate because the writers did pass on other jobs to take this job and nobody really knows yet what kind of compensation they're going to get. Everybody is a little bit on edge about how it's going to turn out. But we all know it's a wasted opportunity to write more episodes.”
Roseanne Robert Trachtenberg/ABC
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Caplan said the reaction in the writers' room to the tweet was “universal disgust.”
“We knew it was a possibility,” he said of the writers' awareness of a cancellation. “I knew it was a possibility from the moment that she tweeted that. ABC was in a very, very difficult position. Certainly, they could have tried to weather it but that would have been a real minefield for them. Everybody was still stunned after the cancellation. Everybody knew how bad the tweet was and how ugly and ignorant it was. But the suddenness in which it all happened left us all dazed. You're expecting to start a season, everybody has got ideas and is excited about what we can do and work that might not have been seen on television before. And then suddenly it's over.”
RELATED VIDEO: Nick Offerman Says It's a ‘Shame' the Cast & Crew of ‘Roseanne' Had to Work with a ‘Horrible Racist'
After claiming she was quitting Twitter following the backlash, Barr went on yet another Twitter spree Tuesday night, blaming her racist remark on using the prescription insomia drug Ambien.
“Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!-I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people,and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet,” she wrote.
“Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible [sic]. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please,” she added.
March 30 Ignyta Inc
* Ignyta announces peer-reviewed publication of activity of a TRK inhibitor in a primary brain tumor: successful treatment of glioneuronal tumor with pan-TRK, CNS-active inhibitor Entrectinib published in precision oncology
* Study found three NTRK fusions within cohort of 26 glioneuronal tumors
* 1 patient with NTRK1 fusion was treated with Entrectinib, resulting in 60 pct tumor regression, resolution of clinical symptoms
* In study, patient received Entrectinib daily for 11 months and experienced lower extremity edema as only documented side effect related to therapy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- A family is picking up the pieces after a fire ripped through their townhouse in Henrico County Saturday morning.
Henrico Fire responded to the 11400 block of Abbots Cross Lane for reports of a small kitchen fire.
Tracy Randall, the mother of one of the residents living in the townhouse, said her daughter was alerted by a smoke detector.
"My daughter and her boyfriend and her daughter were asleep and the smoke detector woke them up," Randall said.
Randall said her daughter alerted her family after she saw the flames shooting from the refrigerator.
The family ran outside where neighbors helped and called 911.
"The neighbors came out and called the firetrucks and started giving them clothes and coats to put on," said Randall.
Randall is thankful for the neighbors and friends that are helping her daughter's family.
"Thank God," Randall said. "This could've went totally different, but you know four lives are saved and things can be replaced."
Capt. Robert Rowley with Henrico Fire said the fire was under control within 10 minutes of crews arriving.
No injuries were reported.
Fire officials are investigating what sparked the blaze, but family members said they believe the cause was electrical.
March 29 Shenzhen Fenda Technology Co Ltd
* Says it plans to buy technology firm Fortunta for 2.9 billion yuan ($421.00 million) via cash, share issue
* Says it aims to raise up to 910 million yuan in private placement of shares to fund the acquisition
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nLA2Un
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8883 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
PILIPINAS SHELL Petroleum Corp. said its net income rose 39% in 2017, it told the stock exchange on Monday, citing strong growth in retail volume and regional refining margins as well as gains in inventory holdings.
In a statement, Pilipinas Shell said its full-year profit jumped to P10.4-billion profit from the P7.4 billion recorded in 2016, fueled by robust retail volume growth, strong regional refining margins, and inventory holding gains.
This despite increased competition and the two-and-a-half-month planned preventive maintenance shutdown of its Tabangao refinery.
Cesar G. Romero, Pilipinas Shell president and chief executive officer, said the company generated P10.7 billion of cash from operations, higher by 26% year on year.
“This is a testament to the company's commitment and continuing focus towards robust cash generation at optimal returns. This should allow us to sustain our commitment to high dividend payout at industry-leading dividend yields,” he said in a statement.
Pilipinas Shell reported retail sales volume increased by 4% because of high premium fuel penetration at 27%. The uptake of its V-Power Diesel and V-Power Gasoline rose by 17% and 7%, respectively.
A total of 66 retail stations were opened last year, bringing the total to 1,044 by yearend.
On the other hand, non-fuels retail business rose by 15% as convenience retail recorded “high double-digit growth,” the company said. Pilipinas Shell opened 37 Shell Select and 22 Deli2Go stores last year. The retail lubricants business also expanded as 35 lube bays were opened.
As of end-2017, the company had 102 Shell Select, 41 Deli2Go stores and 262 lube bays.
The company said the completion of the preventive maintenance in the Tabangao refinery in Batangas City and freight optimization through its North Mindanao Import Facility (NMIF) further strengthened its integrated supply chain.
It said the refinery's continued operations after the maintenance shutdown captured the strong refining margins while the NMIF accounted for savings of more than 50% above initial estimates.
Mr. Romero also announced a P5.14 cash dividend per share, saying this “represents a superior dividend yield of close to 9% based on the share price at the time of our dividend announcement.”
On Monday, shares in Pilipinas Shell rose 1.75% to close at P60.95 each. — Victor V. Saulon
I'm so tired of women especially–but men too–comparing themselves to photos online.
Let's get honest. Most selfies require like 50 tries before you get the right one. Also, don't forget about the lighting and filters.
And even the so-called no-makeup “natural” pictures are not natural at all–they still have perfect lighting and camera angles-n-s**t.
So here's my no-makeup, no smile, allergy-suffering, no-good-lighting selfie. This is what 45 looks like on me. See what a little concealer, fake lashes, eyeliner and a smile can do?! (Allergy medication helps too.)
The point is, stop thinking people look like their selfies ALL. THE. TIME.
And be kind to yourself. You're beautiful.
Chief Marcia Brown Martel sings outside the parliament buildings following a government news conference announcing a compensation package for indigenous victims of the sixties scoop, in Ottawa on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Adrian Wyld/The Canadian Press)
Survivors of a period in the 1960s that saw Indigenous children taken from their homes and placed with non-Indigenous families hope an agreement in principle with the federal government will put a stop to Aboriginal children being stolen from their language, culture and identity.
Beaverhouse First Nation Chief Marcia Brown Martel, who was herself placed in the foster system as a child only to suffer emotional, physical and sexual abuse, said she has “great hope” now that a deal has been reached including $750 million in compensation for victims.
In February, the Ontario Superior Court found the government liable for the harm caused by the '60s Scoop. Brown Martel was the representative plaintiff.
“I have great hope that because we've reached this plateau that this again will never, ever happen in Canada again,” Brown Martel said Friday as she stood beside Crown-Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett on Parliament Hill for the announcement on the settlement deal.
At the same time, she warned, Indigenous children are still subject to the “millennium scoop.”
“Children are still within the child welfare system,” she said
“They call it ‘in care' but it adds a risk factor for them. Therefore, one must stop using that term … they're not in care. They're away from their communities … our children need to come home.”
Bennett fought back tears Friday as she announced details of the deal with Brown Martel and other survivors — a package that also includes up to $50 million for a foundation for healing and reconciliation.
The federal government has also earmarked $75 million for legal fees. The compensation money will go to individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
The '60s Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history, Bennett said.
“Their stories are heartbreaking,” Bennett said. “They talked of their identity being stolen. They talked about not really feeling that you belong anywhere because people have been moved so often or that they didn't really have a home.”
Too many Indigenous children are still being taken from their families, she added, insisting Ottawa must change the current design of the system to ensure funding goes toward children, family and communities rather than lawyers, agencies and non-Indigenous foster families.
“We want that overhaul to happen so that we a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people,” she said.
The agreement is a ”first step” in resolving '60s Scoop litigation, Bennett added, noting the federal government is committed to working with other Indigenous Peoples affected.
The provinces and territories are also working on resolving remaining litigation, she said, adding individual compensation will be determined among legal counsel.
The agreement in principle announced by the government is less than the $1.3 billion Brown Martel sought for victims of the Ontario Scoop in which at-risk on-reserve Indigenous children were placed in non-Aboriginal homes from 1965 to 1984 under terms of a federal-provincial agreement.
In a class action started in 2009, Brown Martel maintained the government had been negligent in protecting her and about 16,000 other on-reserve children from the lasting harm suffered from being alienated from their heritage.
Jeffery Wilson, one of her lawyers, said previously the class action was the first anywhere to recognize the importance of a person's cultural heritage and the individual harm caused when it is lost.
With files from Colin Perkel
Kristy Kirkup, The Canadian Press
Much work to be done in Hartford
Photo: / Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 State Rep. Terrie Wood State Rep. Terrie Wood Photo: / Much work to be done in Hartford 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Off and running! It is an honor to be unanimously endorsed to run for another term as State Representative for the 141st district in Norwalk and Darien. Thank you to Jayme Stevenson for nominating me, and Maggie Trujillo for seconding. I am grateful for the trust of all the delegates to continue to serve as their voice in Hartford.
While our state faces many important issues, none is more critical, by far, than the need to stabilize our fiscal situation and create an environment for economic growth. But, this is not new news. We are the only state in the country that has not regained all the jobs lost in the 2008.
We must change our policies to change our dire economic outlook. The era of denial and deflection by the majority must end for our state's economy to grow.
Far left progressive policies that have been punitive to the state's business climate, job creators and retirees have failed miserably.
I will continue to advocate for fiscal common sense that promotes economic growth in our state.
In addition to creating sound fiscal policy, I look forward to continuing my work on legislation that protects our social service safety net, advances mental health initiatives in our communities, continues progress on dyslexia education, furthers efforts addressing the opioid crisis and working to preserve our environment and open space.
These legacy efforts will serve current and future generations.
While this work in Hartford is frustrating at times, I now finally am I seeing the window for real policy change in November opening wide.
One-party rule has not been kind to our state. Per the Wall Street Journal Jan. 27th, “Voters are just beginning to understand the damage done by two terms of Governor Malloy.”
Watching the decisions made by the majority Democrats and their full-throated support of the public unions at the expense of the rest of the people in our state has been challenging.
Let me assure my constituents, I have “fire in the belly” and great passion to see our state return to the fiscal promise and prosperity we enjoyed for so many years. Working together, I know we can thrive.
I very much look forward to campaigning this summer/fall and the dialogue on the important issues facing our state.
Terrie Wood
State Rep. 141st District
Norwalk and Darien
FILE PHOTO: A view of the coal-fired power station of the Public Power Corporation (PPC) is seen near the northern town of Ptolemaida, Greece April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandros Avramidis/File photo
FILE PHOTO: A view of the coal-fired power station of the Public Power Corporation (PPC) is seen near the northern town of Ptolemaida, Greece April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandros Avramidis/File photo
ATHENS Greece has agreed to sell coal-fired plants and coal mines equal to about 40 percent of its dominant power utility Public Power Corp's coal-fired capacity, to help open up its electricity market, the energy ministry said on Tuesday.
The agreement is part of a reform deal Greece and its foreign creditors reached early on Tuesday, paving the way for the conclusion of a drawn-out reform review and the disbursement of further rescue funds under the country's third international bailout.
Under the rescue deal signed up in 2015, the third since 2010, Greece has agreed to cut the dominance of its state-owned Public Power Corp in the retail market to below 50 percent by 2019 from about 90 percent now.
Last year Greece launched power sales to smaller power producers to help cut Public Power Corp's share. But the lenders questioned the effectiveness of the measure and also wanted Athens to sell coal-fired plants after a European court ruled last year that Public Power Corp had abused its dominant position in the country's coal market.
Greece will hold a market test to sound out investors interested in buying coal-fired plants and mines owned by Public Power by November, aiming to wrap up the sale by June 2018, the ministry said in a statement.
Athens also agreed to sell a larger quantity of power capacity from December until 2019 but once the sale of the utility's plants is concluded the quantity will be reduced, the ministry added.
PPC, which is 51 percent-owned by the state and also earmarked for a partial sale, has been hurt by overdue bills which have reached 2.2 billion euros (£1.8 billion) since the debt crisis broke out in 2010.
The company, a former power monopoly, has tried to recoup payments with phased repayment schemes, which has helped provisions for overdue debt decline, still the burden of unpaid bills had squeezed its cash reserves.
As prior action for the conclusion of the bailout review, Greece has promised its creditors to swiftly propose a plan to deal with the issue, the ministry said.
The lenders and Greece also agreed that Athens will relaunch the sale of a 66 percent stake in its natural gas grid operator DESFA and conclude it by the end of the year.
A 400 million euro deals to sell a 66 percent stake to Azerbaijan's SOCAR collapsed in November after Athens passed legislation raising DESFA's gas tariffs by a lower amount than SOCAR had expected and SOCAR asked for a lower price.
The potential buyer should be a European operator to safeguard energy supply security both for Greece and the European Union, the ministry added.
Privatisations have been a key plank of Greece's international bailouts but have reaped poor revenues so far due to political resistance and bureaucracy.
(Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou, editing by Jeremy Gaunt and David Evans)
OKLAHOMA CITY — A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents was rebuked Monday for comparing gay people to pedophiles and politicians who've recently resigned amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments during a local TV public affairs show that aired over the weekend on KFOR-TV. An alumni group has called for his resignation, and the student body president encouraged the campus to voice its opinion on Humphreys' "ignorant" words.
Humphreys and others were discussing allegations against Minnesota Sen. Al Franken, who has announced he'll resign, and President Donald Trump when Humphreys began to ramble about other subjects. He said he was "going to make a lot of people mad today."
"Is homosexuality right or wrong? It's not relative, there's a right and wrong," Humphreys said. "If it's OK, then it's OK for everybody and, quite frankly, it's OK for men to sleep with little boys."
LGBTQ advocacy groups Freedom Oklahoma called for Humphreys' removal from the Board of Regents if he didn't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson said Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said Humphreys was out of town Monday and unavailable to comment. Humphreys did not immediately reply to a voicemail left on his cellphone or an email seeking comment.
However, in a statement Monday night to The Oklahoman newspaper, Humphreys said that he regretted his statements, saying they "were not clear and led some people to believe that I was equating homosexuality with pedophilia. That was not my intention or desire." He apologized for what he called his "lack of clarity."
However, he reaffirmed that his "moral stance about homosexuality is that it is against the teachings of Scripture."
University of Oklahoma President David Boren released a statement saying Humphreys was not speaking on behalf of the university. Boren said the school was committed to diversity and inclusiveness, adding: "I do not share his views on this matter."
OU board of regents chair Clay Bennett, who also is chairman of the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, said in statement Monday the rest of the panel disagrees with Humphreys' views. Bennett said the board values students' diverse perspectives, backgrounds and experiences.
Mobile phone roaming charges have been abolished across the EU.
Irish people visiting other European Union member states can now call home for the price of a local call here.
Limits however, will apply on data use depending on the terms of your contract.
Ruth Deasy of the EU office in Dublin says this is a landmark day for the European Commission:
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
BERLIN (Reuters) - A mosque in northwest Germany may no longer broadcast its Friday midday call to prayer by loudspeaker for now after a local court upheld a challenge by a couple who live nearly 1 km (1,000 yards) away.
The Gelsenkirchen administrative court found that the town of Oer-Erkenschwick had not assessed the local Muslim community's request properly in 2013, but a court spokesman said on Friday that this did not prevent the mosque making a new application.
The local Christian couple had argued that the call to prayers violated their own religious rights.
Anti-Muslim sentiment and support for anti-immigration policies are growing in many parts of Germany after the influx of well over a million migrants from Iraq, Syria and other mostly Muslim countries, beginning in 2015.
Huseyin Turgut, a senior official with the affected mosque, said the court's decision was disappointing.
“The call to prayer lasts for two minutes, just around 1 p.m., but only on Fridays,” he said. “We've never had any complaints and we have German neighbours who are much closer - just 10 metres away.”
The town's administration could not immediately be reached for comment.
AMSTERDAM, April 12 Dutch drinks bottler Refresco said on Wednesday it had rejected a 1.4 billion euro ($1.48 billion) takeover offer from French private equity investor PAI Partners after its board concluded the offer was inadequate.
"Refresco has informed PAI that the proposed terms and conditions did not merit any further investigation and have accordingly rejected the proposal," the company said.
Its shares were up 10 percent to 16.68 euros as of 1028 GMT, which valued the company at around 1.35 billion euros, shortly after Refresco issued its statement.
At Tuesday's close, Refresco was valued at 1.21 billion euros.
The company employs some 5,500 people and has production facilities in the Benelux countries, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Britain and the United States.
In 2016, it reported a net profit of 81.5 million euros on revenue of 2.1 billion euros.
($1 = 0.9432 euros) (Reporting by Thomas Escritt; editing by Jason Neely)
March 31 China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co Ltd-
* Yang bin has resigned as an executive director and managing director
* Wang Xiaochun, an executive director, has been appointed as managing director Source text (bit.ly/2nmVzip) Further company coverage:
× John McCain blasts memo controversy, Trump for ‘doing Putin's job'
(CNN) — Sen. John McCain blasted President Donald Trump on Friday for approving the release of the highly controversial GOP-Nunes memo, saying “if we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
McCain, who chairs the Senate Armed Forces Committee, called on Trump and other elected officials to stop looking at special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation through “the warped lens of politics.”
“In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy,” McCain said. “… While we have no evidence that these efforts affected the outcome of our election, I fear they succeeded in fueling political discord and dividing us from one another.”
In a written statement released around the same time the memo was declassified, the Arizona Republican characterized the memo and its release as “partisan attacks” on the FBI and the Department of Justice.
The so-called attacks “serve no American interests,” he added — “no party's, no president's, only Putin's.”
“Our nation's elected officials, including the President, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows,” McCain said. “If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
The release of the memo — spearheaded by Devin Nunes, R-California, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee — sent shockwaves through Washington on Friday as congressional Democrats and a smattering of Republicans decried it as a GOP-led effort to undermine the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia.
The memo alleges that the FBI abused its surveillance authority during an investigation into Carter Page, the President's former foreign policy adviser.
Following the memo's release, congressional Democrats called on the House Intelligence Committee to release their own party's memo on the matter, which was produced by California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on that committee.
MILAN (Reuters) - Mediaset's (MS.MI) chief executive said he hoped the shared interest over TV content with Telecom Italia (TIM) (TLIT.MI) could pave the way to a truce with France's Vivendi (VIV.PA), speaking in a interview published late on Sunday.
Mediaset's Chief Executive Pier Silvio Berlusconi looks on after media conference at the headquarters in Cologno Monzese, near Milan, Italy, April 8, 2016. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
“TIM needs our content, it is very interested in an agreement, but there is a pending matter with their controlling shareholder Vivendi,” CEO Pier Silvio Berlusconi told Italian daily Corriere della Sera.
“Let's see if these common interests on content will help us overcome difficulties,” he added.
Mediaset and Vivendi have engaged in a legal battle since the French group last year unexpectedly backed out of a deal handing it control of the Milan group's pay-TV unit Premium. The rift deepened when Vivendi built up a 28.8 percent stake in Mediaset, controlled by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. Vivendi also controls TIM, with a 24 percent stake.
Sources close to the matter have said the two sides are in talks over a possible deal, with Vivendi hoping to reach an agreement before a Dec. 19 court hearing in Milan on the case.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
MACON, Ga. — Ross Cummings scored 22 points with six 3-pointers, both career highs, to lead Mercer to a 73-65 win over Wofford on Saturday.
Cummings, a 6-foot-3 sophomore making his second career start, finished 8 for 10 from the field and missed just two of his eight shots from long range. He has combined for 14 3-pointers in the last three games. Desmond Ringer added 16 points and Demetre Rivers had 10 for Mercer, which snapped a four-game skid.
Mercer (11-13, 4-7 Southern Conference) trailed by double figures midway through the first half but tightened it up with an 11-0 run just before the break. Cummings drained a 3-pointer with 4:11 remaining to put Mercer on top for good, 61-59, and Demetre Rivers hit a 3 to stretch the lead to five. Cameron Jackson cut the deficit to 64-61 on a dunk but Cummings responded with his sixth 3.
Fletcher Magee scored 23 points to lead Wofford (16-8, 7-4).
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, poses before an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen said capital controls were an option if she won Sunday's presidential election and there was a run on banks as she negotiated France's exit from the European Union, but stressed they were unlikely to be needed.
After days of mixed messages about ditching the euro, a move unpopular with a majority of voters, Le Pen made clear in an interview on Tuesday that she wanted to take France out of the single currency EUR=.
"The euro has protected no one, quite the contrary. The euro has been a deadweight for prices, a deadweight for jobs, a deadweight for the competitiveness of our businesses and it would be much simpler to kick-start the economy without this common currency," Le Pen said.
She accused the political establishment of wanting to "frighten" voters into thinking otherwise.
Le Pen said she wanted to replace the EU single currency with another, looser type of cooperation in the form of the ECU basket of currencies that preceded the euro.
That would exist alongside a national currency, which she said she hoped the French people would have in their pockets within two years if she won power.
While a strong majority of National Front supporters back a return to the Franc, opinion polls show three quarters of French voters want to keep the euro, a major obstacle in Le Pen's run for the Elysee.
Last week Le Pen said abandoning the single currency was not her top economic priority and the measure has not featured on her campaign fliers ahead of the second round.
Both were widely viewed as moves to soothe the worries of mainstream right-wing voters whose backing she needs if she is to defy opinion polls and triumph. But she told Reuters it was because "99.999 percent of French know very well what my stance is."
EU REFERENDUM
France was a founding member of today's European Union and many investors believe its exit from the euro would precipitate the single currency's demise.
Asked if eventual French negotiations to quit the EU could trigger a run on French banks, Le Pen said: "I am convinced there won't be any banking crisis."
When pressed on whether she would impose capital controls if savers nevertheless did rush to take their money out of banks, she said: "If there's a run on banks, we could very well imagine such a solution for a few days, but I'm telling you it won't happen."
Le Pen said she would launch negotiations with the EU immediately after winning to regain national sovereignty. The talks would include dumping the euro as well as regaining control of France's borders and being able to decide French legislation alone, she said.
Those negotiations could last six to eight months, she said, after which France would hold a referendum on its EU membership. She advocated replacing the EU with a "Europe of projects", a loose cooperative of nations that collaborates on ventures spanning business, security and energy on a case-by-case basis.
If she were happy with the outcome of the negotiations, she would recommend staying inside the bloc, she said.
If she was dissatisfied, which would be most likely, she would urge voters to support France's exit, following Britain's example after its referendum last summer.
Le Pen said her first trip abroad would be to Brussels, headquarters of the EU, where she would inform leaders of EU member states of France's intentions.
The European Commission, the bloc's executive arm, would not be welcome at that meeting, she added.
Asked what she would say to German Chancellor Angela Merkel at their first meeting, Le Pen said: "France will now stand up for the interests of France."
(Writing by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Richard Lough)
April 28 Nyesa Valores Corporacion SA:
* Signs investment contract with its reference shareholders Aqualdre, Fanumceo, majority shareholders of russian company Marma and russian real estate group NAI Becar
* Contract aims to regulate a non-cash capital increase to be subscribed through contribution of 98.12 percent shares of Marma
* Contract also aims to regulate the signing of a credit line agreement for an amount of 3.5 million euros ($3.8 million)
* Issue price in the capital increase is expected at 0.06 euros per share, share premium at 0.045 euros per share
* Says none of Marma shareholders will reach a stake equal to, or higher than 30 percent in share capital of Nyesa upon share capital increase Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9165 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 Prospect Capital Corp
* Prospect Capital announces public offering of convertible notes due 2022
* Prospect Capital Corp - Notes will mature on July 15, 2022
* Prospect Capital Corp - Expects to use net proceeds to repurchase from time to time a portion of 5.375% convertible senior notes due 2017
* Prospect Capital Corp - Also expects to use net proceeds to repurchase from time to time portion of 5.75% convertible senior notes due 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Daito Trust Construction Co Ltd
* Say it retired 1.2 million shares (1.57 percent of outstanding) of its common stock on March 31
* Says the total shares outstanding is 76.9 million shares after the retirement
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/QPHXOf
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ellen DeGeneres and her wife Portia de Rossi aren't taking any chances with their pets' safety.
On Sunday, DeGeneres announced that the couple evacuated their pets from their home near Santa Barbara, California, because of the Thomas Fire.
The daytime show host Tweeted, “Our house is under threat of being burned. We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
The Thomas Fire is one of several active wildfires in California causing evacuations, road closures, property damage and other devastation. This fire is now threatening Santa Barbara County, including the city Carpinteria, where DeGeneres and de Rossi have an $18.6 million home, according to E! News.
The couple shares six pets together: three rescue cats and three dogs. All of the animals, now in a safe place, are featured on DeGeneres' animated YouTube series Ellen's Pet Dish.
“Everyone in the Montecito area is checking up on each other and helping to get people and animals to safety,” DeGeneres Tweeted later. “I'm proud to be a part of this community. I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all. #ThomasFire.”
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Almost 600 people turned out to show their support for the family at the centre of the ‘gay cake' row in Portadown on Monday evening.
The McArthur family, which owns Ashers Baking Company in Belfast, is challenging a ruling that their refusal to make a cake with the slogan ‘Support Gay Marriage' was discriminatory, with an appeal to the Supreme Court to taking place in Northern Ireland on May 1 and 2.
The Christian Institute, which is providing legal support to the family, has organised a series of support meetings this week, though the McArthurs will not be attending in person.
With 20 minutes to go before the start of the meeting at the Seagoe Hotel on Monday, it was clear that the 360 seats were not going to be enough.
Staff hurried to bring in extra seating to cope with the eventual crowd of 550 people.
Outside, drivers abandoned cars in the packed car park while others parked outside down the road.
The meeting opened in prayer and the mood was dignified.
After speaking to many of those present, it was evident to Christian Institute Northern Ireland officer Callum Webster why the turn-out had been so large.
“People are concerned about the MacArthur family, but they are also very anxious about what is happening and see the wider issues at stake,” he said. “They see how they could impact on them and their businesses and how they live out their Christian faith in their day-to-day lives.”
Those attending were given a presentation on the organisation, which was started by teacher Colin Hart and now employs 43 staff, campaigning on issues such as sexuality, abortion, euthanasia and abortion.
Then deputy director Simon Calvert told the audience: “I know that the McArthur family will be so encouraged that so many of you turned out tonight to show your support for them”.
He voiced concern that anti-discrimination legislation which had been drafted to protect people of faith now risked “being turned into a sword when it was meant to be a shield of protection”.
And he noted that the McArthurs had drawn the support of gay rights campaigners Peter Tatchell and Jeffrey Dudgeon.
In the course of hearings to date, he said, one judgment against the McArthurs had also rebuked the Equality Commission for failing to offer the family legal guidance.
The precedent being set, he said, could in the future see atheists, Muslims, Roman Catholics and the gay community itself all caught in similar discrimination cases where they feel unable to provide business services which might compromise their convictions.
Further meetings have been organised this week: Wednesday at 1pm in Marine Court Hotel, Bangor, Co Down, and 8pm in Templeton Hotel, Newtownabbey, Co Antrim; Thursday at 8pm in Roe Park Resort, Limavady, Co Londonderry; Friday at 8pm in Corick House Hotel, Clogher Valley, Co Tyrone.
A dream year for Jessica Harrington and Robbie Power just keeps on getting better.
Exactly one month since they brought Sizing John to Cheltenham Gold Cup glory, the duo added the 2017 Irish Grand National to their list of major wins in recent months, with an emphatic 14 length victory for Our Duke at Fairyhouse.
Going off the 9/2 favourite in the richest ever running of the Irish national, Our Duke led by just a couple of lengths from Abolitionist two-out, before pulling further and further clear to coast to victory.
Great reception for the winner of the €500k @BoyleSports Irish Grand National @Fairyhouse for Our Duke owned by the Cooper Family Syndicate! pic.twitter.com/4WyZWPIj8l — Racehorseownership (@HRIOwners) April 17, 2017
Bless The Wings was second at 12/1 for Gordon Elliott and Jack Kennedy, while third went to Abolitionist at 12/1.
Thunder and Roses was the best of the 13 Gigginstown runners, finishing fourth at 25 to 1 for last year's winning trainer Mouse Morris.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Brighton & Hove Albion vs Manchester City - Brighton, Britain - August 12, 2017 Brighton's Lewis Dunk looks dejected after scoring an own goal and the second for Manchester City as Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus and Sergio Aguero celebrate
Aug 12 (Reuters) - - A clinical Sergio Aguero strike and a Lewis Dunk own goal condemned Brighton to a losing return to the top flight as they went down 2-0 to Manchester City in the Premier League at the Falmer Stadium on Saturday.
City's Gabriel Jesus had two goals ruled out - for handball and offside - and Pep Guardiola's team struggled to break a stubborn Brighton side down until Aguero fired home a pass from David Silva to open the scoring in the 70th minute.
Five minutes later, Brighton defender Dunk slammed a header into his own net as he tried to clear a cross under pressure from Jesus, with the home side lacking the firepower to mount a comeback in the closing stages.
In the end it turned into a routine win for Spaniard Guardiola, who gave debuts to four of his new signings.
Related Coverage Rich pickings for Guardiola as City start to cash in
England full back Kyle Walker, who arrived from Tottenham Hotspur for a reported 50 million pounds, was a constant menace on the right flank and was man of the match.
"We needed the win and it was good to get off to a good start, so we are happy," he said.
"I am enjoying working with the club, the lads have been so welcoming and I am enjoying my football. It is better to play with a smile on your face."
Football Soccer - Premier League - Brighton & Hove Albion vs Manchester City - Brighton, Britain - August 12, 2017 Manchester City's Sergio Aguero applauds fans after the match Hannah McKay
LATE BREAKTHROUGH
City's breakthrough came within minutes of Guardiola bringing on Leroy Sané, just one member of a star-studded bench from which Bernardo Silva and Raheem Sterling later emerged.
For Brighton, it was a disappointing top-tier return after 34 years, ironically against the same opponents who they faced in their final game before relegation in 1983.
Despite a wall of noise from the home fans, the Seagulls spent most of the game on the back foot, content to concede possession and setting up a compact defensive unit deep in their own half.
In the end they were undone by their own mistakes, with Dale Stephens caught in possession in the lead-up to Aguero's goal and Dunk's own goal sealing their fate in a game City should have won more comfortably given their 75 percent possession.
"It was always going to be difficult for us to score," said Brighton manager Chris Hughton.
"We have to make sure that come the end of the (transfer) window, we have a squad that can do well enough in this division. We have to win the games that we can do."
He certainly has bouncebackability. Birmingham have appointed former Tottenham and QPR manager Harry Redknapp as their new boss.
He replaces Gianfranco Zola - who stepped down following their Championship defeat to Burton.
The Italian led the team to just two wins in 24 matches in charge.
They're just three points above the relegation places with as many games of the season to go so Harry has his work cut out!.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
"He wanted us to ignore [his fame]. He wanted us to indulge it when it was opportune, and it was fun and light and inconsequential, but if it came at a cost, especially to him, he would normally ignore it. If it ate into his private life and opened himself up to a public hearing or opinion, he would want it dismissed, ignored or shot down. I think it helped to have people around him who were close to him for a long time, because it's easier to have it shut down when you have those people around you." —Manera (right, with Heath)
In an now-deleted tweetstorm, Roseanne Barr blamed her racist tweet on her use of Ambien — and the drug's manufacturer is not happy.
The actress, 65, caused the cancellation of her eponymous show after she posted a racist tweet on Monday night about former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett. Though Barr said she had quit Twitter, she came back early Wednesday morning to apologize, and said the Ambien — a sedative often used for insomnia — is what led to the offensive tweet.
“Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me,” she tweeted on Wednesday. “It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible [sic]. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please.”
Roseanne Barr May 29, 2018 Twitter https://twitter.com/therealroseanne/status/1001678566298406912
But Sanofi, the company that makes Ambien, did not take kindly to Barr's blame, and responded with a tweet of its own.
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication,” the company wrote.
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
They weren't the only company to throw shade on Barr's tweets. The Twitter account for Dictionary.com responded with the definition of “ambien.”
“The name Ambien is thought to come from the word ‘ambient' or similar words in French. Ambient does not mean ‘prone to making racist comments,' but it does mean ‘of the surrounding area or environment,' ” they tweeted.
The name Ambien is thought to come from the word "ambient" or similar words in French. Ambient does not mean "prone to making racist comments," but it does mean "of the surrounding area or environment." https://t.co/UpYY5eKzIo https://t.co/XsPn8FthV5 — Dictionary.com (@Dictionarycom) May 30, 2018
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show,” president of ABC Entertainment Channing Dungey announced in a statement Tuesday.
Roseanne was the no. 1 scripted series of the season with a 6.4 rating in the key demo, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
AURORA | Few details are known about what led to a man being shot on an RTD bus traveling on Colfax Sunday afternoon.
Aurora Police said via Twitter that the shooting occurred at 2:50 p.m. while the bus was near East Colfax Avenue and Sable Boulevard. Regional Transportation District officials told 9 news that there were other passengers on the bus when the driver heard a dispute among riders and pulled over. The unidentified man was shot then by unidentified suspects.
Police later said via Twitter that the shooting victim was in serious but stable condition.
“Down in Houston, he got in some jams, came through, executed some pitches,'' said manager John Gibbons. “Today, they started rolling out some hits and he got the comebacker, which worked out perfectly. Then he just kicked it in. It looked like he was in control, didn't ever panic.''
“Even in the first inning, I was in the groove,” said Borucki after his seven-inning, six-hit performance. “Pitches were down. Changeup was working. They just kind of ambushed me on the outside of the plate.''
That's what he and Maile had briefly discussed during the conclave.
“We got the slider a little more involved,” explained Maile. “Went inside a few more times.''
Borucki's bread-and-butter changeup was wicked. But Detroit's hitters were basically prepping for either that or the fastball; more sliders required, working his fastballs inside.
“After that, they had to respect the inside of the plate a little bit more,” said Borucki. “It opened up that whole outer part for me, for my fastball-change combo.''
If anything, Borucki threw too many strikes (97-68) in Maile's estimation.
“He would probably qualify as a guy that throws strikes to a fault at times, where he's in the zone so much that they know it's going to be there. They just have to separate one pitch from the other and then commit to it. So, just throwing more balls, honestly. He's got to stay to the point where every once in a while you're not sure if he's going to spike one or if he's going to elevate on you or whatever it may be.”
Otherwise, catching Borucki for the first time in a real game, Maile hugely liked what he saw.
“Obviously he's got a lot of composure. You can just watch him throw five or six pitches and get the idea — he's a pitcher. He knows what pitches play off each other and he knows how to execute them.'
“You can tell (the changeup) is a plus-pitch. It's going to continue to be a real weapon for him. But I think days like today are going to be the barometer on where he goes from here. Because of the ability to make adjustments, literally, right in the middle of the first inning, when the bases are already loaded and there's a run in. It's impressive for anybody to do it, but somebody in his second major league start, it's outstanding.”
In style and approach — certainly in the quick way he throws — Borucki is emulating ex-Jay Mark Buehrle, whom he grew up idolizing when he lived in the Chicago area and Buehrle was with the White Sox.
“If I could have a career like that guy had, I would be doing something right. He works fast, just attacks the zone with strikes, with all his pitches. Yeah, I did take a lot of parts of his game and put them into mine. Hopefully I can live up to what he's done.”
Gibbons, who adored Buehrle, recognizes the similarities.
“Much slimmer than ol' Buehrl. But I'm sure the thought process, they think alike. Classic lefty-type guy. I've been really impressed. If a kid can throw strikes and move the ball around, he's got a chance.''
Adding, with a chuckle: “He probably doesn't drink as much beer as Buehrle. Yet.”
Borucki wears No. 56 to honour Buehrle — whom he's never actually met. “It was to kind of give a little bit of respect to the guy who made me what I was.”
Toronto, held to heel through much of the game by Detroit starter Mike Fiers — just one run allowed, in the fourth — forced extra innings by squaring things in the ninth off reliever Joe Jimenez. They loaded the bases on a trio of walks (one intentionally, to Kendrys Morales) and a double by Teoscar Hernandez, but managed only one run, walked in.
With Gibbons pulling all sorts of strings, pinch-runners and pinch-hitters, the Jays started the 10th with a weird infield, Lourdes Gurriel Jr. switching from second to short and Morales making his MLB debut at third, with Justin Smoak taking over at first. With one out, Niko Goodrum hit a triple to right-centre, then scored on a sac fly.
Gurriel, in his first game since being called up again from Buffalo, singled up the middle in the bottom of the frame and made it to second on a Curtis Granderson sacrifice bunt, but no further. Nice piece of fielding by Gurriel as well in that 10th, backing up Morales on a ground ball.
“You're always aware of what the players around you are capable of doing,” said the 24-year-old Cuban. “I knew it was the first time Kendrys was playing third at this level. So when I saw him crossing a bit, I just called for the ball. I knew I had to take more responsibility on that side and I just made the play.”
Another key piece of Toronto's long-game future.
For a look backward, that Jose Bautista fellow is in town with the Mets on Tuesday.
Rosie DiManno is a columnist based in Toronto covering sports and current affairs. Follow her on Twitter: @rdimanno
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
OSLO, April 28 Seadrill Partners LLC:
* Says it would defer its first quarter dividend decision until an agreement is reached with its lending banks to insulate itself from potential events of default by Seadrill Limited should Seadrill Limited require the use of in court processes, such as schemes of arrangement or chapter 11 proceedings, to implement its restructuring
* Says discussions with its lending banks are well advanced and we expect to reach an agreement by the end of May, prior to the implementation of the broader Seadrill Limited restructuring
* Says assuming it reaches an agreement with the banks, a determination will be made regarding the distribution
* Says based on its current cash position and free cash flow, it aims to maintain its current distribution level once an agreement is reached
Source for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
(Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis, editing by Ole Petter Skonnord)
× Chesterfield father arrested, accused of assaulting 2 sons
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. – A Chesterfield County father has been charged with child abuse after police say he assaulted his two sons.
Police say 28-year-old Thomas L. Echols assaulted his two sons, ages 10 and 6, during an incident on May 25. The children suffered non-life-threatening injuries.
Echols, of the 16700 block of Amherst Ridge Ct, has been charged with two counts of abuse and neglect of children and two counts of felonious assault.
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio — Cleveland Cavaliers centre Tristan Thompson could play for the first time since Nov. 1 on Tuesday against Atlanta.
Thompson has been sidelined with a strained left calf. The team initially said Thompson would be out for up to four weeks, but he said Monday that timeline was inaccurate and that his injury was more serious. Thompson did not divulge any other details about the injury.
Coach Tyronn Lue says Thompson will not start when he returns, meaning Kevin Love will remain at centre. Thompson says he's fine with a reserve role and made it clear he's willing to do whatever Lue needs.
The Cavaliers have won 14 of 15 and their defence has improved dramatically over the past month.
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3726, or 72.85 U.S. cents * Bond prices slightly higher across the yield curve * 2-year spread vs Treasuries touches its widest in 10 years TORONTO, May 3 The Canadian dollar weakened slightly against its U.S. counterpart on Wednesday, maintaining its recent defensive bias as investors braced for an interest rate decision from the Federal Reserve. The Fed is expected to hold interest rates steady as it pauses to parse more economic data, but it may hint it is on track for an increase in June. In contrast, the funding crisis at mortgage lender Home Capital may spark a welcome cooling in Canada's housing market and take pressure off the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates. Toronto home prices and new listings surged in April from a year earlier while sales fell, the Toronto Real Estate Board said, suggesting the market may be starting to rebalance after new housing rules were put it place amid fears of a bubble in Canada's largest city. At 9:15 a.m. ET (1315 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3726 to the greenback, or 72.85 U.S. cents, down 0.1 percent. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3704 to C$1.3740. On Tuesday it had slumped to a fresh 14-month low at C$1.3758. U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber, a more uncertain outlook for the North American Free Trade Agreement and lower oil prices have weighed recently on the loonie. But prices of oil, one of Canada's major exports, rebounded from near 2017 lows after preliminary data showed a much larger-than-expected fall in U.S. crude stocks, reviving bullish sentiment about easing oversupply. U.S. crude prices were up 0.27 percent at $47.79 a barrel. Canadian government bond prices were slightly higher across the yield curve, with the two-year up 1 Canadian cent to yield 0.674 percent and the 10-year rising 5 Canadian cents to yield 1.51 percent. The 2-year yield fell 2.4 basis points further below its U.S. equivalent to a spread of -60.7 basis points, its widest since April 2007. Canada's trade report for March is due on Thursday, and the April employment report is due on Friday. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
* European stock futures steady * Eyes on US payrolls data * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach him on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net BUT FUTURES POINT TO STEADY OPEN FOR EUROPEAN SHARES (0702 GMT) Contrary to earlier calls from financial spread-betters, European stock index futures have opened with slight gains, indicating this week's sell-off could ease somewhat. The STOXX 600 is down around 1.8 percent so far this week, set for its biggest weekly loss since November Here's your snapshot: (Danilo Masoni) ***** DEUTSCHE BANK POSTS BIGGER THAN EXPECTED LOSS (0643 GMT) Banks, recently buoyed by rising bond yields and optimism about economic growth, could be in focus today after the DAX-listed heavyweight lender disappointed analyst expectations with a 2017 loss of 497 million euros in 2017. (Danilo Masoni) ***** MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fuelled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Charter Communications Inc:
* CHARTER ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 RESULTS
* Q4 REVENUE ROSE 3.2 PERCENT TO $10.6 BILLION
* IN Q4, TOTAL VIDEO, INTERNET AND VOICE CUSTOMERS INCREASED BY 15,000, 300,000 AND 53,000, RESPECTIVELY
* AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2017, CHARTER HAD 16.5 MILLION RESIDENTIAL VIDEO CUSTOMERS
* IN QUARTER, INTERNET REVENUES GREW 9.8%, COMPARED TO THE YEAR-AGO QUARTER, TO $3.6 BILLION
* Q4 TOTAL RESIDENTIAL & SMB CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS INCREASED 206,000, COMPARED TO 243,000 DURING FOURTH QUARTER OF 2016
* Q4 REVENUE VIEW $10.60 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO CHARTER SHAREHOLDERS TOTALED $9.6 BILLION IN THE FOURTH QUARTER
* CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS - INCREASE IN QTRLY NET INCOME DRIVEN BY NON-CASH GAAP TAX BENEFIT OF $9.3 BILLION FROM A REDUCTION IN THE DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DARNA, the iconic Filipino superwoman, first came to life in 1950. Generations may have passed since Mars Ravelo's famed superhero graced our comics, films, television screens, and theater productions, but Darna remains deeply embedded in our national consciousness.
From May 15 to 21, the most enduring and iconic Filipino superwoman will take flight once again on the stage of the School of Design and Arts (SDA) Theater at De La Salle College of St. Benilde.
Called Ding, Ang Bato!, the dance-musical production by the Benilde Arts and Culture Cluster (BACC) and the Dance Program, is set in contemporary times and told from the perspective of the brother of the hero's alter ego, Narda. Ding, born deaf, goes along with her in her journey of empowerment.
This version of Darna puts the audience in the middle of a strong theatrical brew of original Pinoy pop culture, energetic physical theater, poetic syncretism of sign language and dance, and inventive multimedia and scenic design.
The musical show is fueled by award-winning creatives: Chris Millado is the director and the librettist; Denisa Reyes and Ernest Mandap are the choreographers; and Ejay Yatco (who recently won the Gawad Buhay award for his outstanding musical direction of Repertory Philippines' Hair) does the music.
Joining the creative team are renowned arts professionals Tuxqs Rutaquio as production designer; Jay Aranda as lighting designer and technical director; Joee Mejias as projection designer; Aji Manalo as sound designer; and Dr. Sunita S. Mukhi as the dramaturg and artistic producer.
Students and alumnus of the school will perform: Carlos Serrano, an alumnus of the Dance Program, will play Ding, while Juner Quiambao and John Peñaranda, who are students from the School of Deaf Education and Applied Studies (SDEAS) will be his alternates. Playing Darna is Christine Crame, Benilde's Dance Program Chair while Stacy Abarca, an AB Music Production student plays Narda. Television and stage performer Natasha Cabrera will play Valentina, Darna's nemesis.
Tickets for Ding, Ang Bato! are available at the College of St. Benilde School of Design and Arts. For ticket inquiries and reservations call Micca at 0955-182-7445 or Kim at 0920-299-2573.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — The embattled executive director of the San Diego Association of Governments Monday requested that his retirement become effective Friday, instead of the end of this year as originally intended.
Gary Gallegos announced his plan to step down after 16 years at the helm of the regional planning agency last week. He said he would leave by Dec. 31.
However, in a letter sent today to SANDAG Chairman Ron Roberts, the county supervisor, Gallegos asked the organization's board to waive a provision in his employment contract that requires 120 days notice.
If the board doesn't approve the waiver, he would resign 120 days from today, he said.
SANDAG has come under intense criticism since it was learned that staff knew of faulty revenue projections associated with Measure A, a proposition to raise the countywide sales tax by a half-cent to fund transportation and environmental projects, but failed to inform board members or the public before the vote.
Measure A fell short of the two-thirds support necessary for passage in last November's election.
A recent investigation by an Orange County law firm commissioned by SANDAG — which primarily delved into details of the failed economic forecast — also found that agency executives ordered the deletion of documents related to the issue that were less than 60 days old.
"Given SANDAG's necessary focus on fixing a broken financial forecasting model, and for future boards to coalesce behind a public funding strategy critical to our region's prosperity and transportation future, Gary's early departure will jump start the discussion on what type of executive director the full SANDAG board would like going forward, and the national search for candidates that will result,'' Roberts said in a statement.
Gallegos's request for early retirement is scheduled to go before SANDAG's executive board on Friday.
Read Gallegos's full statement below.
ELGIN An Elgin FFA student returned home from the Oklahoma Youth Expo with $75,000 and the title of Grand Champion.
Tommy Glover, 12, entered his market steer, Yogi, in the largest expo in the state, where he competed against 7,000 other exhibitors with 13,000 head of livestock. It was the moment he had been working toward for the entire previous year that moment of pride and victory of taking home the Market Steer Grand Champion trophy and a check large enough to pay for a college education. But to Glover, it wasn't about the money.
"The money doesn't really matter to me not right now, it doesn't," he said. "This is just what I've done forever and I like it."
Glover has been showing cattle for literally half of his life. He started when he was 6 years old when his parents first introduced him to livestock shows. Even at a young age, he commanded the respect and attention of animals many times his size leading them back and forth across the wood chip-covered grounds while judges watched closely. The steers rarely balked as he positioned their legs and made them stand in just the right way to maximize points and respect from judges. When he wasn't under the lights and in front of large crowds, he was at home, grooming and working his steer until it was time for the next event. Not content to just show one, Glover often works four to six head of steer at the same time for different shows. He does this while still maintaining a 4.0 GPA in school.
This morning's fire at an apartment block in London has raised questions about whether appropriate safety measures were in place.
How safe are our apartments and houses here in Ireland, and are we doing enough to raise awareness of fire safety?
Mick Clifford of the Irish Examiner has been investigating the issue and said that, while we've been lucky so far not to have a high rate of fatalities, "There have been a number of fires in the last few years, and a feature of all of them is that the fire has spread extremely rapidly."
"All of this goes back to the fact that, during the boom, there was practically no regulation of fire safety features. At one stage, there were more people inspecting dog licenses than there were fire inspectors examining whether buildings had been built properly."
Kevin Hollingsworth, chartered building surveyor with the Society of Chartered Surveyors, gave his advice on what residents should do if they are worried about the safety of their homes: "They need to go to their property manager and voice those concerns."
In his work, Kevin has seen big problems with fire separation, which is the length of time a fire takes to spread.
"You should have an hour fire separation between each unit. In London that obviously didn't happen, and with a lot of the issues I've seen in Ireland, that fire separation is not there."
"We've written to government requesting that they do an audit of high risk buildings, because the first step in any problem is acknowledging the problem in the first place."
(Adds quotes, recasts)
By Wilda Asmarini
JAKARTA, April 5 Indonesia is trying a new approach to ease a deadlock over mining rights, promising to allow Freeport McMoRan Inc to resume concentrate exports from its Grasberg mine, the world's second-biggest copper mine.
Indonesia and Freeport have sparred over rights to mine Grasberg, new taxes, royalties and divestment rules, as well as stipulations that the U.S. miner build a second smelter, moves Indonesia hopes will increase its returns from the sector.
The impasse has halted Grasberg's concentrate exports for 12 weeks, since Indonesia first announced the new rules.
But after both sides initially dug in, the tone has shifted markedly in recent weeks. Indonesia's Secretary General for the Energy Ministry, Teguh Pamuji, announced on Tuesday that Freeport would receive a temporary "special mining permit" in a plan to allow Freeport's operations to continue and exports to resume while discussions on longer-term issues continued.
The change has boosted Freeport's shares on Wall Street, but some analysts have questioned the legal basis of the temporary permit and said the two sides may be kicking the can down the road.
With the temporary permit, and provided it commits to building a second smelter, "Freeport can export concentrate and pay an export duty," Pamuji told reporters. The permit will be valid for the next six months, during which the two sides will aim to finalise agreements on investment stability, divestment and domestic smelting, among other issues, Pamuji said.
Freeport's shares rose 2 percent to $13.54 in New York.
"A resumption of exports would be a significant positive for Freeport in the near-term and would make us more optimistic about an eventual agreement over the more difficult longer-term issues," Jefferies analyst Chris LaFemina said in a client note.
Indonesia stopped miners from exporting mineral concentrates on Jan. 12 under the rules that required Freeport to adopt a new mining permit before resuming shipments.
Freeport has insisted that any new permit must have the same fiscal and legal guarantees as those in its 30-year mining contract, and warned if the matter was not resolved by June 17 it could go to arbitration.
"SMOKE AND MIRRORS" The dispute has fanned nationalist fervour in Indonesia with newspaper headlines calling for Freeport to be "kicked out of Papua," where Grasberg is located. In January, Mining Minister Ignasius Jonan said "we do not negotiate" and that Freeport should follow regulations.
As tensions escalated, Freeport Chief Executive Richard Adkerson said Indonesian ministers had been "aggressive" and that the new regulations were "in effect a form of expropriation".
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is due to visit Jakarta this month and the Grasberg dispute is expected to be raised. Indonesian Vice President Jusuf Kalla said last week in an interview there was no political pressure and that this was "normal" in business, but warned Washington against politicising the Freeport issues.
"The important thing is that Freeport's immediate operations will be extended," he said.
Jakarta-based foreign legal counsel Bill Sullivan described the government approach as a "smoke and mirrors strategy", on the one hand appearing to retain a tough stance on miners for a domestic audience, while being careful to allow them enough room to continue commercial operations.
An earlier recommendation for Freeport to export up to 1.1 million tonnes of concentrate until February 2018 would still apply, but the company still needs an export permit from the Trade Ministry, said Director General of Coal and Minerals Bambang Gatot at the briefing with Pamuji.
A spokesman for Freeport Indonesia said on Tuesday the company was in the process of finalising its application for an export permit "so that exports can resume immediately".
(Additional reporting by Fergus Jensen and Kanupriya Kapoor in Jakarta and Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; Writing by Fergus Jensen and Ed Davies; Editing by Dan Grebler and Christian Schmollinger)
April 20 Medapp SA:
* Omegia has its stake in the company lowered to 16.29 percent from 20.24 percent following capital increase
* The number of shares owned by Omegia has not changed Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 13 Infosys'
* Exec says strong need to make automation and productivity improvements
* Exec says environment is challenging, guidance low based on Q4 performance
* Exec says continue to be positive on financial services
* Exec says expect some of the discretionary spends to come back later in the year
* Exec says expect retail business to be soft or volatile in the coming year Further company coverage: (Reporting By Sankalp Phartiyal)
Floods across the U.S. Midwest that have killed at least five people shut major roadways in the St. Louis area on Wednesday, while residents of vulnerable areas piled sandbags to avert destruction as rivers were expected to crest.
The flooding was caused by a storm that parked over the region last weekend and dumped almost 12 inches (30 cm)of rain, the National Weather Service said.
A faster-moving storm was expected to drop up to 5 inches (13 cm) more rain on Wednesday on already saturated parts of central and southern Missouri, southern Illinois, northern Arkansas, central Indiana and Oklahoma.
"Today adds insult to injury," said NWS meteorologist Bob Oravec. "When you see rivers flooding and it's still pouring, it can zap the spirit. This is additional bad news."
The flooding along the Mississippi River and Ohio River is the worst since late 2015, he said.
Five people were killed by flooding in Missouri, the last two of them swept from their cars on Monday and Tuesday, said NWS meteorologist Brian Hirsch.
More than 300 roads were closed over portions of the Midwest, including Interstate 44 in St. Louis, which may remain closed through Saturday, he said.
"You find your road is filled with water, find another way. When you press through that intersection, you are really are pressing your luck," Hirsch said.
Amtrak suspended rail service across Missouri. The U.S. Coast Guard closed the Mississippi River to all traffic near St. Louis.
Hundreds of residents in Eureka, Missouri, piled high walls of sandbags to guard their homes from the rising Meramec River in suburban St. Louis, said Mark Diedrich, director of the St. Louis County Office of Emergency Management.
Mandatory evacuations in levee-protected areas of nearby Valley Park were ordered by Mayor Mike Pennise. National Guard helped volunteers stack sandbags, although 200 homes have already been damaged by floodwaters and another 1,500 are threatened, Diedrich said.
"We are getting about 4 inches (10 cm) of rain today and tomorrow which (may) keep the river out of its banks longer," Diedrich said in an email.
Most of the rivers across the U.S. Midwest were expected to crest over the weekend, NWS meterologist Oravec said. In the St. Louis area, the Mississippi River was forecast to crest on Friday.
"The rain is coming to an end but the rivers are still filling," he said.
(Reporting by Barbara Goldberg in New York; Editing by Scott Malone and Frances Kerry)
Medical device maker Hologic Inc has been hit with a lawsuit alleging its product for treating heavy menstrual bleeding infringes patented technology developed by start-up Minerva Surgical Inc, court papers show.
Minerva filed a complaint in federal court in San Francisco on Tuesday saying it may seek an injunction blocking U.S. sales of Hologic's NovaSure Advanced system which began in February. The product was launched in Europe, Canada and Australia in 2016.
Minerva's rival device won pre-market approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in July 2015, but has yet to be launched.
Hologic spokeswoman Jane Mazur said the company does not comment on pending litigation.
Hologic, based in Marlborough, Massachusetts, bills NovaSure Advanced as a next generation version of its device introduced in 2001. NovaSure generated about 8 percent of Hologic's $2.83 billion in revenue in fiscal 2016.
Minerva, based in Redwood City, California, said its rival system has a post-treatment success rate of 91.8 percent compared with 77.7 percent for NovaSure Advanced.
Minerva has raised about $114 million from investors since its inception in 2008, and announced a $16.7 million funding round in December. Its backers include the venture capital firms New Enterprise Associates and Versant Ventures.
(Reporting by Jan Wolfe; Editing by Richard Chang)
Enrique Iglesias is having a whale of a time this Fourth of July!
The singer and father of two had a hilarious bonding moment with one of his 6-month-old twins Wednesday, spitting water into the air in an impressive imitation of the water-dwelling mammal.
In the Instagram video, the tiny tot can't help but giggle uncontrollably as their dad continues to act like a whale, enjoying the sun and splashing in a crab-shaped float and adorable pink floppy sun hat.
“🐳😂🐳 Happy 4th of July!,” Iglesias, 43, captioned the heartwarming post.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED: Cutest Cheerleader! Enrique Iglesias and His 5-Month-Old Bond Over the World Cup in Adorable Photo
While Wednesday may be a celebration of America, Iglesias and his longtime love Anna Kournikova have been encouraging baby Nicholas and Lucy to root for their parents' home countries during the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Instead of picking sides, Kournikova has had the babies showing their support for both teams. In an Instagram post shared Sunday, the 37-year-old tennis star held a child in each arm as they donned coordinating Russia shirts — one in blue and one in white, while Mom also rooted on her home country.
However, they didn't leave out the Spanish singer. In a second snap, the twins cuddled up to each other on a blue chair while sporting matching Spain jerseys. (After tying 1-1, Russia defeated Spain on penalty kicks.)
Enrique Iglesias and Anna Kournikova's twins Anna Kournikova Instagram
RELATED VIDEO: Enrique Iglesias and Anna Kournikova Share First Photos of Twins
The new parents may have kept hush-hush about their little ones on the way during Kournikova's pregnancy, but haven't resisted showing them off a little since their December birth.
“I became a father 12 weeks ago and I can absolutely tell you two things: I love my babies! I love them very much,” Iglesias told the crowd enthusiastically at the Budapest Sports Arena during a March concert.
In addition to the sweet shout-out, the “Escape” singer also dedicated a message to the mother of his twins and partner of 16 years. “Actually three things: I love my girl and I super f—ing love you guys for being here tonight. This is for your loyalty,” he added.
Teledyne Brown Engineering and Oakman Aerospace, Inc. to partner on MUSES Platform
by Staff Writers
Washington DC (SPX) Aug 14, 2017
Customers will develop a sensor or component's interfaces to support its intended mission. Leveraging OAI's modular and open-system architectures background, the hardware will seamlessly integrate the payload into the MUSES environment.
centered on the Multi-User System for Earth Sensing (MUSES) which was launched on June 3, 2017 and is currently operating aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
This platform was developed as part of a cooperative agreement with Teledyne Brown Engineering and NASA and will provide opportunities for imaging, technology demonstration, and space qualification payloads supporting commercial, research, scientific studies, and humanitarian efforts.
Accommodating up to four payloads simultaneously, MUSES offers the ability to robotically change, upgrade, and service instruments placed aboard the ISS. In cooperation with NASA, MUSES payloads have the unique ability to return to earth allowing for post-mission analysis and preservation of investment through the reusability of the instrument and canister.
In order to minimize instrument modifications and reduce time to launch, Teledyne Brown Engineering is working with OAI to develop a rapid integration, standard interface that will reduce customer cost and integration time.
The standard interface will enable communication from payloads to MUSES and the ISS environment without modification or re-design. OAI's interface can also be configured to support standard satellite busses if a free-flyer mission is the customer's ultimate goal.
Customers will develop a sensor or component's interfaces to support its intended mission. Leveraging OAI's modular and open-system architectures background, the hardware will seamlessly integrate the payload into the MUSES environment.
Customers receive the benefit of accelerated development, by the use of a technology demonstration flight, without the penalty of additional design effort or increased risk.
Palo Alto CA (SPX) Aug 09, 2017
Scientists will get a better understanding of our planet's carbon cycle and vegetation health through a first-of-a-kind NASA instrument built by Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT). The Geostationary Carbon Cycle Observatory (GeoCARB) mission will use an advanced infrared spectrograph hosted on a commercial geosynchronous satellite. The project is led by Principal Investigator Dr. Berrien Moore at the U ... read more
Related Links
An appeal has been made to trace the movements of a black Ford transit van after the driver was assaulted and the vehicle taken.
North Yorkshire Police said the victim, a 26-year-old Selby, man was driving from York towards Selby when he was attacked in a layby on the A19 between Riccall and Barlby.
Anyone who saw the van is asked to contact the police
He suffered minor injuries in the assault, which happened at around 10pm on Wednesday, January 31.
The van, which has two white stripes on the bonnet and grey bumpers, was later seen on the A1 in West Yorkshire the early hours of February 1. It was in the Pontefract area at around 2.20am, and near to Monk Fryston shortly before 3.30am.
The vehicle was then found at around 9am on Thursday, February 1, in Barlow, near Selby, police said.
Anybody who saw the van following the assault is asked to call the York Serious Crime Team on 01609 643279 or 101 with the reference 12180018379.
A young woman who is recovering from brain surgery will stage a live music event to support a charity close to her heart.
Amy Bojar, 25, will throw the festival at The Grove in South Kirkby next month, to raise money and awareness for The Pituitary Foundation.
It will take place just six months after she underwent an operation to remove a deadly tumour from the Pituitary Gland in her brain.
In a blog she wrote at the time, she said: “I don't have much choice. If I don't have the surgery, the likelihood of dying by the end of the year is pretty high. If I do have the surgery, there's a chance it could kill me.”
Mrs Bojar, of Fitzwilliam, was diagnosed with the tumour earlier this year, after five years of unexplained symptoms.
Her ordeal began in summer 2012, during her final year at university, when she was also working as a carer for the elderly and disabled. She was suffering from severe bloating and her legs were becoming painful and weak.
“Everything seemed to go downhill,” she said. “My diet was pretty good but my face and middle just kept ballooning while my arms and legs were turning into sticks.”
Mrs Bojar gained nearly five stone and found it increasingly difficult to walk due to muscle weakness. She suffered insomnia, couldn't concentrate and was losing her hair - but medical tests were coming back inconclusive.
By 2014 her symptoms settled. The weight was dropping off, she felt stronger and in 2015 she was able to marry her partner Daniel. But just months later, things worsened again.
“I sort of ignored a lot of the symptoms,” Mrs Bojar said. “We had just moved into our first home together, I'd just started a new job in Leeds and I was really happy.”
Finally, in March, Mrs Bojar was told she had a 5mm growth on her Pituitary Gland, causing Cyclical Cushing's, a rare disease that accounted for her symptoms. Having had her operation, she now faces a recovery of up to five years. And she wants to use the time to raise awareness of Cushing's and other Pituitary conditions.
“This has been the hardest time of my entire life but I'm still trying to smile each day and I am so grateful for the support that I have received” she said.
Her music event, and a raffle, will take place on November 4 from 3pm. Tickets cost £3.
A Worksop man who took his aunt's car out of boredom because he was “young and stupid and because he thought he could get away with it” was spotted by her as he drove away, a court heard.
Callum Knott took the vehicle from his aunt's address in Ollerton, on November 20, and was seen driving it by her on Walesby Lane.
He later abandoned it in Ollerton when the battery died.
Knott, 21, of Sandy Lane, admitted taking a vehicle without the owner's consent, and driving without a licence or insurance, when he appeared at Mansfield Magistrates Court, on Monday.
Morgan Hogarth, mitigating, said Knott, a ground worker, and formerly a trained chef, had held a provisional licence for approximately two years, but didn't need to drive for work.
“He took the car because, in his own words, he was young and stupid and because he thought he would get away with it,” said Mr Hogarth.
Probation officer Sarah Phillips said Knott had driven his aunt's car previously with permission.
“Boredom got the better of him and it was a spur of the moment decision,” she said. “He is diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). He is deeply sorry.”
He has been kicked out of his mother's address and was now living with a friend, she added.
Knott was given a 12 month community order with 80 hours of unpaid work.
He was banned for four months. He was ordered to pay £85 costs and an £85 victim surcharge.
FILE PHOTO: Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election delivers a speech as he holds a political rally in Rennes, France, March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election delivers a speech as he holds a political rally in Rennes, France, March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a meeting to present his proposals on foreign and defence policy in Paris, France, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
CHATEAUROUX, France The winner of France's presidential election debate this week was a fast-talking, maverick leftist whose policies would prove just as much a shock to financial markets as those of the more prominent leader of the far right.
Jean-Luc Melenchon, a former Trotskyist who would pull France out of NATO and possibly out of the European Union too, is climbing fastest in the polls with just over two weeks to go before the first round of a closely-fought election.
In a snap poll after Tuesday night's four-hour debate, viewers found Melenchon, 65, the most convincing of the 11 candidates, outshining frontrunners Emmanuel Macron, an independent centrist, far right leader Marine Le Pen, and mainstream conservative Francois Fillon.
Melenchon skirmished with Le Pen over religion and called for the debt of troubled euro zone states to be effectively written off to allow massive new investment to spur growth.
"The debt won't be paid either in France, Spain, Portugal or Greece. The European Central Bank must buy up all the debt ... so that our states can find a way to breathe again," he said.
Melenchon, founder of the "France Unbowed" party, has split the left-wing vote and turned the Socialists into also-rans after five years of unpopular rule by Socialist President Francois Hollande.
A Le Monde/Cevipof poll published on Tuesday put Melenchon's support at 15 percent, up 3.5 points from mid-March.
He is still well behind Le Pen and Macron, who both have about a quarter of the vote, according to the poll, and are favourites to go through to the May 7 run-off.
But he is breathing down the neck of early frontrunner Fillon, on 17.5 percent, and is well ahead of Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon, on 10 percent.
It is Melenchon's second run at the presidency. He finished fourth with 11 per cent of the vote in 2012.
Kitted out in a revolutionary-style, high-lapelled Mao jacket and with a rapid-fire delivery sprinkled with quotes from Karl Marx and the 19th French writer Victor Hugo, Melenchon is the scourge of established party chiefs.
At a weekend rally in Chateauroux, he said "a chair, a table, a bench" had more chance of winning than did Le Pen.
His fellow left-winger, Hamon, has fared no better. Spurning Hamon's entreaties to unite behind him, Melenchon said he had no intention of hitching his campaign to a "funeral hearse".
EU DOUBTS
Melenchon may get another lift if Hamon's support erodes further. Only about half of Hamon's supporters are certain to vote for him - the lowest certainty score of any of the main candidates, according to Cevipof.
"I didn't think there would be such a big turnout," said Philippe Herault, 57, surveying thousands of cheering Melenchon supporters at the rally in Chateauroux in central France. "It is a sign that people want change, want something different."
Retired agricultural inspector Roger Barralis, 72, speaking after another campaign event in Paris, said he admired Melenchon's deep thinking and oratorical powers. "But mostly, it's his intelligence, his ability to speak to everybody."
Although Melenchon, who is backed by the French Communist Party, is from the other end of the political spectrum to Le Pen, he advocates policies similar to hers in some areas.
On Europe, his "Plan A" is to negotiate an overhaul of the EU along "democratic, social and ecological" lines.
In an echo of the process that led to Britons voting to leave the EU last June, Melenchon would put the results of the negotiation to a referendum on whether to stay or leave the EU.
If the negotiation option fails, he would suspend France's contributions to the EU budget and impose border controls on movement of capital and goods.
He calls the United States the world's "most dangerous" military power and would pull France out of NATO, impose a 90 percent tax on top earners and rewrite France's constitution.
There are major differences too between Melenchon, who quit the Socialist Party in 2008, and Le Pen.
In the debate, Melenchon poked fun at the National Front leader's proposal to reform the constitution to protect Catholic traditions like nativity scenes. "Sixty percent of the French have no religion, so give us a break with religion," he said.
(Editing by Richard Balmforth and Mark Heinrich)
If quarterback Sam Bradford's knee is ready to go on Monday night, then he'll be the quarterback. That's the sentiment repeated by coach Mike Zimmer since Bradford's been on the shelf for the past three weeks.
If he can play, then he's the guy who will be under center when the Vikings take on the Chicago Bears on Monday Night Football at Soldier Field. Bradford's been a limited participant in practice this week and today told reporters his knee feels much better than it did two weeks ago.
"It feels much better this week than what it did 2 weeks ago when I was on the practice field." – Sam Bradford 📺: https://t.co/4XNO9fCAPB pic.twitter.com/mCWCTk58Ll — Minnesota Vikings (@Vikings) October 6, 2017
“Right now, considering what I did yesterday and how it feels, I feel good,” Bradford said.
“Going out there yesterday and being able to practice, being able to go through some things, it feels much better this week compared to what it did two weeks ago when I was on the practice field.”
It's a big step for Bradford who didn't practice at all last week. With two full practices to go before Monday night's game, Bradford making his first start since his brilliant performance in Week 1 is a real possibility.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Vikings Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
“I feel good. I think being able to go out there yesterday in practice was a step in the right direction,” Bradford said. “Being able to go out there again today and see what it feels like. Being able to make it through today, being able to make it through tomorrow, I think that's key for me to be able to go out there and play at a high level.”
PINEDALE, Wyo. (Reuters) - A judge has ruled that U.S. wildlife managers erred in denying Endangered Species Act protection to bison at Yellowstone National Park and must reconsider extending such safeguards to America's largest pure-bred herd of wild buffalo.
The decision was welcomed on Thursday by wildlife advocates who petitioned the Obama administration in 2014 to protect bison in and around Yellowstone, where animals wandering outside park boundaries are culled for slaughter by the hundreds each year.
The seasonal culling is supported by ranchers in the region, particularly in Montana, concerned about exposure of livestock to disease, competition for grass and property damage from straying bison.
“This is a victory for bison,” Ken Cole, director of the Buffalo Field Campaign, told Reuters by telephone.
Officials for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said they were reviewing the ruling, issued on Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Christopher Cooper in the District of Columbia.
Yellowstone's herd of 4,000-plus bison constitutes the largest and one of the last free-roaming, genetically pure groups of an animal that once roamed North America by the millions before being hunted to near extinction in the late 1800s.
FILE PHOTO - A car is stopped by a herd of bison crossing the highway in Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, U.S. on June 8, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Urquhart/File Photo
Conservation groups have argued that endangered species status is necessary to ensure the long-term survival of wild bison, also widely known as buffalo, and help restore the creature to more of its historic natural range.
The bison, a shaggy, hump-shouldered animal weighing up to 2,000 pounds (990 kg) and standing 6 feet (1.8 meters) tall at the shoulders, was officially designated the U.S. national mammal in 2016.
The Fish and Wildlife Service concluded in 2015 that conservation groups had failed to present sufficient evidence that the Yellowstone buffalo band was imperiled.
Cooper ruled that the Interior Department agency had erroneously failed to consider or otherwise ignored evidence indicating Yellowstone bison may be threatened or endangered.
The ruling hinged on a scientific dispute over whether there are two genetically distinct populations of bison at Yellowstone, known respectively as a central herd and a northern herd. Conservationists cited research suggesting the government's overall target at the park of 3,000 bison was too low to prevent extinction of one or both of them.
Government biologists dismissed that research. But Cooper said the Fish and Wildlife Service was required by law to explain why it found the research irrelevant, and he ordered a new agency review of whether Yellowstone bison merit protections.
The decision has no bearing on the estimated 160,000 head of privately raised bison, most of them in the West and consisting mainly of animals that carry cattle genes and are bred for commercial production.
PARIS, April 28 Below are company-related news and stories from French and Benelux media which could have an impact on the region's markets or individual stocks.
SANOFI
The French drugmaker reported higher-than-expected first-quarter profits on Friday, buoyed by its specialty care division Genzyme, by vaccines, and by consumer products acquired from Germany's Boehringer Ingelheim.
ZODIAC
France's Zodiac Aerospace on Friday reaffirmed plans to combine with engine maker Safran and said chief executive Olivier Zarrouati had agreed to stay on "for a while" after offering his resignation to the board.
AIRBUS
American Airlines Group has deferred the delivery of several wide-body Boeing and Airbus jets, in the latest sign of oversupply in the market for long-distance airliners.
VINCI
France's Vinci posted a 5.1 percent rise in first-quarter sales on Thursday, helped by acquisitions, robust activity in concessions and a recovering French construction market.
AMUNDI
The French asset management group reported first quarter net income of 147 million euros as net inflows reached 32 billion euros.
RENAULT
Renault's revenue surged by a quarter in the first three months of 2017, the French carmaker said on Thursday, as new models boosted deliveries and pricing, while production increased for industrial partners including Nissan.
THALES
The French defence electronics group said it was acquiring US company Guavus, a real-time big data analytics, in a deal valuing the target at $215 million. nW8N1F801A
SPIE
The French energy and communications services company confirmed its 2017 outlook as it reported 1.23 billion euros in revenue for the first quarter.
ECONOMY
The French economy grew slightly more slowly than expected in the first quarter at 0.3 percent as weak household spending offset a jump in business investment, a first estimate from the INSEE national statistics agency showed on Friday.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
France's presidential candidates battled for the popular vote on Thursday with far-right Marine Le Pen wooing fishermen and Emmanuel Macron playing soccer as polls showed the centrist's commanding lead narrow marginally.
Pan-European market data: European Equities speed guide................... FTSE Eurotop 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurotop 300 sectors..................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt items......... CAC-40................. Paris items............ World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a glance: Top News............. Equities.............. Main oil report........... Main currency report.....
RICHLAND, Wash. — Police say two Kennewick officers fatally shot a man after he attacked one of them with a sword.
The Tri-City Herald reports someone called 911 Sunday evening to report a man walking on Olympia Street with a sword he was trying to conceal with a newspaper.
Police say when an officer contacted the man, he charged him and hit the officer in the head with the weapon.
As he was attacking, police say a second officer arrived. The injured officer retreated and police say both then drew their weapons and fired at the man.
The suspect and injured officer were taken to a local hospital, where the suspect died. The officer was treated and released.
The names of both officers and the suspect were not released.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Czech Crown coins and notes are seen in this picture illustration taken April 1, 2017. REUTERS/David W Cerny/Illustration
Czech Crown coins and notes are seen in this picture illustration taken April 1, 2017. REUTERS/David W Cerny/Illustration
PRAGUE The Czech central bank ditched its cap on the crown's exchange rate on Thursday, letting the currency free after three years of stoking prices and growth with a policy that also attracted billions of euros in speculative capital inflows.
The upper limit of 27 crowns to the euro -- in place since 2013 -- was the cornerstone of the central bank's ultra-loose policy program designed to revive inflation.
But the export-dependent Czech economy has grown now for three years, inflation has picked up above the bank's target of 2 percent, and unemployment dropped to 3.4 percent in February -- the lowest in the European Union.
"The domestic economy has for some time been causing a rise in costs and prices," Czech National Bank Governor Jiri Rusnok said.
"Given the concurrent waning of anti-inflationary influences from abroad, it means that it is not necessary to maintain monetary conditions relaxed to the extent used to date."
The decision came when the bank's board met for a weekly non-rate setting meeting, its first scheduled opportunity to scrap the weak-crown policy since a promise to leave it in place until the end of March expired.
The crown duly rose after the cap was lifted, but the gain of 1.7 percent to 26.575 to the euro was relatively muted -- a sharp contrast to the chaotic few minutes of trading that followed the Swiss National Bank' unexpected removal of the franc's cap against the euro in early 2015.
That reflected groundwork the Czech bank had laid. It signaled last week at a regular policy meeting that the cap was near an end, told the market it would not allow big swings, and warned that large positions in the crown would limit its upside.
Investors are betting the crown will return to a firming path. A Reuters analyst poll released on Thursday and conducted before the cap was lifted but expecting it to happen forecast the currency will gain 5 percent over the next year.
BANK SAYS WILL TOLERATE CROWN MOVES
Rusnok said the bank would allow a large degree of volatility in the currency's exchange rate without intervening until it settled into a new trading range.
"Our level of tolerance will be very, very broad in the beginning, because it is necessary to let the exchange rate find its new level," Rusnok said.
The bank did, however, reiterate it would be ready to step into the market to smooth swings it deems excessive, without giving precise guidance.
Markets are expecting volatility due to the massive positions built up by investors. Analysts have estimated speculative market positions could total anywhere from 25 billion to 60 billion euros -- which some traders and investors said may even lead to swings back to the weak side of the old cap.
Yields rose on Czech short-term bonds as some holders closed positions in the papers that have been popular with foreign investors in recent months.
Investors have been betting heavily on the exit, causing the central bank to buy an estimated 70 billion euros since 2013 to defend its cap, with more than half of that coming just in the past three months. But the market hit a lull this week after speculators expecting an earlier exit closed positions and weakened the crown somewhat.
The spike in the central bank's foreign currency reserves means the bank faces potential losses from the crown's firming.
INTEREST RATES TO FOLLOW
Inflation hit 2.5 percent in February and the central bank sees it rising close to 3 percent later this year. It has forecast the economy to grow close to 3 percent this year and in 2018, after 2.3 percent growth last year.
Where the crown settles will determine how quickly the central bank will need to follow up by raising interest rates, which stayed at 0.05 percent on Thursday.
Rusnok said nothing was excluded but the next monetary policy meeting on May 4 could be too early to move.
A stronger crown will make imports cheaper but puts a strain on exports by making Czech goods less competitive. Czech exports are equal to 70 percent of GDP, and 65 percent of them are aimed to the euro zone, especially Germany.
Companies have however had ample warnings to get ready, and massive increase in hedging since the beginning of the year, reported by banks and firms contacted by Reuters, showed they heeded the call.
"It is no problem for us, as an exporter we are hedged. So we are OK," Radek Strouhal, chief financial officer at truckmaker Tatra, told Reuters.
($1 = 0.9391 euros)
(Writing by Jan Lopatka; Additional reporting by Petra Vodstrcilova; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
SEATTLE — The next 36 hours look to be a soaker.
“Wednesday's rain will push us into the top 10 wettest Februarys on record and it is only halfway through the month,” Q13 News Chief Meteorologist Walter Kelley said.
He added that “everyone” will get at least an inch of rain Wednesday, with more for the foothills and mountains. This will make for messy commutes during the morning and evening with standing water on the roads.
“Area rivers will run high and fast but the Skokomish will flood by Wednesday night,” Kelley said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
It will be windy Wednesday night into Thursday morning, with the strongest gusts up north of Seattle. Gusts for the metro will be around 35 mph and up to 5 0mph for the Bellingham area.
The mountain passes will be messy, too, with freezing rain so expect delays up there.
"Thursday through the weekend you can expect passing showers but not as wet as tomorrow," Kelley said Tuesday.
April 20 Keppel Corporation Ltd
* Qtrly revenue S$ 1.25 billion versus S$1.74 billion
* Qtrly net profit was S$260 million, up 23 pct
* For the quarter, property division saw revenue decrease by 48 pct to $262 million due mainly to lower revenue from china and singapore
* "Offshore & marine division's net order book, excluding sete rigs, stands at $3.5 billion"
* Property division sold about 980 homes in Q1 of 2017
* No dividend has been declared for quarter ended 31 March 2017
* All figures in S$ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Filipino theatre artists perform a short musical about the killings under the Philippine government's anti-drug campaign, in Pandacan city, metro Manila, Philippines April 2, 2017. The placard reads, (drug) 'pusher a menace to the society'. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Filipino theatre artists perform, in front of a mock coffin, a short musical about the killings under the Philippine government's anti-drug campaign, in Pandacan city, metro Manila, Philippines April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Filipino theatre artists perform a short musical about the killings under the Philippine government's anti-drug campaign, in Pandacan city, metro Manila, Philippines April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Filipino theatre artists perform a 'La Pieta' scene during a short musical about the killings under the Philippine government's anti-drug campaign, in Pandacan city, metro Manila, Philippines April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
MANILA A Philippine youth theatre club staged a musical at a Manila park on Sunday, challenging President Rodrigo Duterte's bloody war on drugs.
The 20-minute show features a casket salesman whose funeral parlour is doing brisk business as corpses pile up.
But the salesman and his friends end up as statistics, falling to vigilante-style killings that have gripped the Southeast Asian nation and alarmed the international community.
"The play talks about the problem in the community with the war on drugs and the irony of it, that a few earn money amid this war and all the killings," artistic director Jessie Villabrille told Reuters.
More than 8,000 suspected drug addicts and dealers have been killed since Duterte took office on June 30, some in police operations but many others in mysterious circumstances.
The authorities vehemently deny wrongdoing and blame vigilantes and drug gangs for the killings.
Criticism of the war on drugs does not sit with Duterte or his supporters. The brash leader chastised the United Nations and former U.S. president Barack Obama numerous times or criticising his anti-drugs programme.
Duterte won the presidency by a wide margin on the promise of wiping out drugs and criminality.
The theatre group plans to take the musical to schools and stage a longer version next month.
(Reporting by Ronn Bautista; Writing by Neil Jerome Morales; Editing by Kim Coghill)
The Galway squads for upcoming Inter-Counties that take place in the West County Hotel in Ennis have been named. The Ladies are defending champions while the men have shown good form coming into this having made the semi-finals of the Limerick invitational and the West Coast Challenge.
The Squads are:
Ladies:
Ces Lally
Trisha Doyle
Donna DeMansfield-Absolon
Mary Corbally
Maureen Devaney
Maria Vaughan
Caroline Breen
Anne Connaughton
Mens:
Dylan Dowling
Terry O'Connor
Shane Walsh
Paul Gannon
Paul Geraghty
Enda Divilly
Harry O'Toole
Liam Gallagher
Tommy Flaherty
Declan Dowling
Joe O'Reilly
David Costello
James Joyce
Mark Devon
Michael Higgins
All players are to be at the West County Hotel by 10am the latest on Saturday morning, 25th Feb.
Erin Foster couldn't help but tease her father, David Foster, about his engagement to singer Katharine McPhee.
The 35-year-old comedy writer and Barely Famous star left a comment on her dad's Instagram post on Tuesday, calling McPhee, 34, “Mommmyyy” (alongside a sea of heart emoji, natch).
Her comment, first captured by popular Instagram handle Comments by Celebs, came as David and McPhee confirmed the news of their engagement on social media — which happened during their vacation to Italy.
David's other daughter Sara, 37, also got in on the laughs, writing, “Out of the country. What did I miss?”
It's not the first time Erin has poked fun at David and McPhee's coupling.
Back in September, as rumors of their romance popped up, Erin shared a photo of the two to her Instagram Stories alongside the captions, “Excited about my new stepmom,” and “My parents.”
At the time, a source close to David was denying his romance with McPhee — and another insider explained that “Erin's quite obviously tongue-in-cheek and sarcastic Instagram comments were pointed at those who can't seem to grasp that her dad and Kat can be colleagues, collaborators and longtime friends without it being some big romance.”
“They can't even perform together without people saying they're headed down the aisle,” the source said. “Erin was messing with people who jump to conclusions.”
But Erin herself wasn't denying it. A month later, in October, she opened up about her dad's then-girlfriend on the red carpet of the BLEUSALT Launch Celebration in Malibu.
“She's amazing,” Erin told PEOPLE of McPhee. “I really like her. She's awesome.”
She continued, “My dad is kind of a hopeless romantic, and Katharine's awesome. We really, really like her, and we've known her for a really long time. And if he's happy, we're happy.”
Katharine McPhee and Erin Foster Charley Gallay/Getty
RELATED: Katharine McPhee Confirms She Is Dating David Foster as They Step Out Together at the Met Gala
David and McPhee first sparked romance rumors in May 2017 when the two were spotted enjoying a PDA-filled dinner date at Nobu in Malibu. The pair was also said to have traveled together (with McPhee's mom) not soon after on a Vancouver getaway.
Before finding romance, the two had a long friendship, with David first meeting the American Idol alum on the set of the hit reality singing competition when she was a contestant in 2006.
McPhee previously collaborated with the Grammy-winning producer for a few live performances, including his 2008 PBS tribute concert Hit Man: David Foster & Friends.
They eventually went public with their romance when they stepped out together at the 2018 Met Gala.
Katharine McPhee and David Foster Kevin Mazur/Getty
RELATED VIDEO: Katharine McPhee Addresses Rumors Surrounding Her Dating Life – ‘I'm Not Doing Anything Wrong'
Both have been married previously. His past wives include B.J. Cook, Rebecca Dyer, Linda Thompson and Yolanda Hadid — from whom his divorce was finalized in 2017.
She was married to Nick Cokas, though the two divorced in 2016. David was in attendance at the couple's 2008 wedding, playing piano when Cokas sang Billy Joel's “She's Got a Way” and McPhee returned the favor with a rendition of “Unforgettable” by Natalie Cole.
WICHITA – A Kansas man was sentenced Monday to five years in federal prison for distributing child pornography, according to U.S. Attorney Stephen McAllister.
Joshua A. Haskins, 42, Wichita, pleaded guilty to one count of distributing child pornography and one count of using the internet to target a 12-year-old child for sexual exploitation.
In his plea, he admitted he posted child pornography on his Twitter account. Twitter reported the images to CyberTipline ( report.cybertip.org (link is external)), a web site where electronic service providers and the public can report child pornography.
Haskins also used his account on a photo-sharing website based in Russia to upload a picture of the Instagram account of a 12-year-old girl. He included the girl's name and her electronic email address, urging other users to “talk her into nudes” and “send me pics if u do.”
Reuters sports schedule at 1400 GMT on Sunday:
GOLF
U.S. Masters
Garcia, Rose set for Augusta showdown
AUGUSTA, Georgia - Spaniard Sergio Garcia and Englishman Justin Rose take a one-shot lead over Rickie Fowler into the final round of the U.S. Masters where former champion Jordan Spieth is among a group of three golfers a further shot off the pace. (GOLF-MASTERS/ (TV, PIX), expect first lede by 1930 GMT/3:30 PM ET, by Steve Keating, Ed Osmond, Frank Pingue and Rory Carroll, 500 words)
SOCCER
Premier League
Sunderland v Manchester United (1230)
Everton v Leicester City (1500)
United look to leapfrog Arsenal into fifth
LONDON - Manchester United could climb above Arsenal into fifth when they visit bottom-of-the-table Sunderland as the battle for the top-four intensifies, while Everton host a resurgent Leicester City. (SOCCER-ENGLAND/ (PIX), expect by 1430 GMT/10:30 AM ET, 500 words)
Bundesliga (1330 unless stated)
Hertha Berlin v FC Augsburg (1330)
FC Ingolstadt 04 v SV Darmstadt 98 (1530
Hertha Berlin battling for European spot
BERLIN - Hertha Berlin will hope to move back into contention for a European spot with victory over relegation-threatened Augsburg while Ingolstadt and Darmstadt 98 will battle it out in their relegation derby. (SOCCER-GERMANY/, expect by 1530 GMT/11:30 AM ET, 300 words)
Serie A
AC Milan v Palermo (1300)
Bologna v AS Roma (1300)
Cagliari v Torino (1300)
Crotone v Inter Milan (1300)
Udinese v Genoa (1300)
Lazio v Napoli (1845)
Roma bid to keep pace with Juve
ROME - Second-placed AS Roma travel to Bologna as they try to keep pace with Serie A leaders Juventus, while fourth-placed Lazio host third-placed Napoli in a match crucial to their European chances. (SOCCER-ITALY/ expect by 1500 GMT/11 AM ET, by Brian Homewood, 400 words)
Ligue 1 (1800 unless stated)
Toulouse v Olympique Marseille (1300)
St Etienne v Nantes (1500)
Paris St Germain v En Avant de Guingamp (1900)
PSG keen to close the gap on Monaco
PARIS - Paris St Germain will look to close the gap to leaders Monaco to three points with victory at home to En Avant de Guingamp. (SOCCER-FRANCE/ expect by 2100 GMT/5 PM ET, by Julien Pretot, 300 words)
MOTOR RACING
Chinese Formula One Grand Prix
Hamilton beats Vettel for Chinese Grand Prix win
SHANGHAI - Lewis Hamilton mastered Shanghai's changing conditions and stayed clear of squabbling rivals to win the Chinese Formula One Grand Prix. (MOTOR-F1-CHINA/, moved with updates to follow, by Abhishek Takle, 400 words)
TENNIS
Davis Cup quarter-finals
Australia v United States (2-1)
Belgium v Italy (1-2)
Australia and Belgium will hope to follow France and Serbia and book their semi-final spots as they take 2-1 leads into the third day of their Davis Cup ties against the United States and Italy respectively. (TENNIS-DAVISCUP-TEAMA-TEAMB/ (PIX, TV), 400 words)
CYCLING
Paris-Roubaix
ROUBAIX, FRANCE - World champion Peter Sagan and 2015 champion John Degenkolb are among the top favourites for this year's Paris-Roubaix, the one-day race featuring long cobbled sections and also known as the "Queen of the Classics". (CYCLING-PARIS-ROUBAIX/, (TV), by Julien Pretot, 300 words)
MOTORCYCLING
MotoGP Argentine Grand Prix
Champion Marquez on pole for second round of the season
Honda's MotoGP champion Marc Marquez starts on pole position for the first time this season, and fourth year in a row in Argentina. Yamaha's championship leader Maverick Vinales lines up sixth on the grid. (MOTOR-MOTOGP-ARGENTINA/, expect by 2000 GMT/4 PM ET, 300 words)
NBA
Cavs try to keep Celtics at bay
The 51-28 Cleveland Cavaliers, with just a half-game lead over Boston atop the East with three games of the regular season remaining, face an Atlanta Hawks team that has clinched a spot in the postseason but is trying to nail down fifth place, in one of seven contests on the National Basketball Association schedule. (BASKETBALL-NBA-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0600 GMT/1 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 600 words)
NHL
Bickell to make emotional finale
Carolina forward Bryan Bickell, who has multiple sclerosis, will play his final game before retiring when the Hurricanes play the Philadelphia Flyers in one of 10 games on the final day of the National Hockey League regular season. (ICEHOCKEY-NHL-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0600 GMT/1 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 800 words)
BASEBALL
Arrieta on tap for Cubs against Brewers
Right-hander Jake Arrieta is slated for his second start of the year for the defending champion Chicago Cubs as they face the Milwaukee Brewers in one of 15 games on the Major League Baseball schedule. (BASEBALL-MLB-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0500 GMT/12 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 900 words)
NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS
Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues. (expect by 0000 GMT/8 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 500 words) (Europe desk editor: Pritha Sarkar)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A Scottish judge will decide early next week whether to refer a case questioning if Britain alone can change its mind about leaving the European Union to the European Court of Justice, a spokesman for Scotland's Court of Session said on Friday.
The decision will be announced on Monday or Tuesday, the spokesman said.
The case, brought by a group of pro-EU lawmakers, is aimed at giving Britain the possibility of staying in the world's biggest trading bloc once it is known what Brexit actually means for the economy and politics. (Reporting by Elisabeth O‘Leary; Editing by Michael Holden)
PULLMAN, Wash. — Two reserve players have been dismissed from the No. 11 Washington State football team.
The Spokesman-Review (http://bit.ly/2xY9bdn ) reported Friday that Zaire Webb and Anthony White Jr. were dismissed after they were arrested for alleged theft from a store on Wednesday night.
Webb is a freshman defensive back and White Jr. is a freshman wide receiver.
Stealing is one of three violations that automatically get a player dismissed from coach Mike Leach's football team. Assaulting a woman and smoking marijuana also result in dismissal.
TEMPE, Ariz. — Add another name to the long list of Arizona Cardinals players lost for the season due to injury.
Coach Bruce Arians says starting left tackle Jared Veldheer has a cracked ankle and will go on injured reserve. Veldheer was injured in the fourth quarter of Sunday's 12-7 victory over the Tennessee Titans.
Arians also says starting right guard Earl Watford has a high ankle sprain and will miss some time.
Rookie Will Holden —a fifth-round draft pick out of Vanderbilt — will move into the left tackle spot and Evan Boehm will go back to right guard, a job he lost to Watford.
A Graymatics employee show how footage of a pretend fight between co-workers can to be used to 'train' their software to watch and filter internet videos for violence, at their office in Singapore April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
Graymatics employees pretend to fight as they record footage to be used to 'train' their software to watch and filter internet videos for violence, at their office in Singapore April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
Graymatics employees pretend to fight as they record footage to be used to 'train' their software to watch and filter internet videos for violence, at their office in Singapore April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
SINAGPORE Companies from Singapore to Finland are racing to improve artificial intelligence so software can automatically spot and block videos of grisly murders and mayhem before they go viral on social media.
None, so far, claim to have cracked the problem completely.
A Thai man who broadcast himself killing his 11-month-old daughter in a live video on Facebook this week, was the latest in a string of violent crimes shown live on the social media company. The incidents have prompted questions about how Facebook's reporting system works and how violent content can be flagged faster.
A dozen or more companies are wrestling with the problem, those in the industry say. Google - which faces similar problems with its YouTube service - and Facebook are working on their own solutions.
Most are focusing on deep learning: a type of artificial intelligence that makes use of computerized neural networks. It is an approach that David Lissmyr, founder of Paris-based image and video analysis company Sightengine, says goes back to efforts in the 1950s to mimic the way neurons work and interact in the brain.
Teaching computers to learn with deep layers of artificial neurons has really only taken off in the past few years, said Matt Zeiler, founder and CEO of New York-based Clarifai, another video analysis company.
It's only been relatively recently that there has been enough computing power and data available for teaching these systems, enabling "exponential leaps in the accuracy and efficacy of machine learning", Zeiler said.
FEEDING IMAGES
The teaching system begins with images fed through the computer's neural layers, which then "learn" to identify a street sign, say, or a violent scene in a video.
Violent acts might include hacking actions, or blood, says Abhijit Shanbhag, CEO of Singapore-based Graymatics. If his engineers can't find a suitable scene, they film it themselves in the office.
Zeiler says Clarifai's algorithms can also recognize objects in a video that could be precursors to violence -- a knife or gun, for instance.
But there are limits.
One is the software is only as good as the examples it is trained on. When someone decides to hang a child from a building, it's not necessarily something the software has been programmed to watch for.
"As people get more innovative about such gruesome activity, the system needs to be trained on that," said Shanbhag, whose company filters video and image content on behalf of several social media clients in Asia and elsewhere.
Another limitation is that violence can be subjective. A fast-moving scene with lots of gore should be easy enough to spot, says Junle Wang, head of R&D at France-based PicPurify. But the company is still working on identifying violent scenes that don't involve blood or weapons. Psychological torture, too, is hard to spot, says his colleague, CEO Yann Mareschal.
And then there's content that could be deemed offensive without being intrinsically violent -- an ISIS flag, for example -- says Graymatics's Shanbhag. That could require the system to be tweaked depending on the client.
STILL NEED HUMANS
Yet another limitation is that while automation may help, humans must still be involved to verify the authenticity of content that has been flagged as offensive or dangerous, said Mika Rautiainen, founder and CEO of Valossa, a Finnish company which finds undesirable content for media, entertainment and advertising companies.
Indeed, likely solutions would involve looking beyond the images themselves to incorporate other cues. PicPurify's Wang says using algorithms to monitor the reaction of viewers -- a sharp increase in reposts of a video, for example -- might be an indicator.
Michael Pogrebnyak, CEO of Kuznech, said his Russian-U.S. company has added to its arsenal of pornographic image-spotting algorithms - which mostly focus on skin detection and camera motion -- to include others that detect the logos of studios and warning text screens.
Facebook says it is using similar techniques to spot nudity, violence or other topics that don't comply with its policies. A spokesperson didn't respond to questions about whether the software was used in the Thai and other recent cases.
Some of the companies said industry adoption was slower than it could be, in part because of the added expense. That, they say, will change. Companies that manage user-generated content could increasingly come under regulatory pressure, says Valossa's Rautiainen.
"Even without tightening regulation, not being able to deliver proper curation will increasingly lead to negative effects in online brand identity," Rautiainen says.
(Reporting By Jeremy Wagstaff; Editing by Bill Tarrant)
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
A Volkswagen logo is pictured at the newly opened Volkswagen factory in Wrzesnia, Poland, September 9, 2016. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/File Photo
MUNICH A German court has rebuffed Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) attempt to prevent prosecutors from using information seized during searches of the law firm which the carmaker had hired to investigate its emissions scandal.
Volkswagen (VW) said last week it had filed a complaint with a Munich court to prevent prosecutors from retaining and assessing material confiscated during a March 15 raid on U.S. law firm Jones Day.
VW, whose supervisory board had commissioned Jones Day in late 2015 to investigate the diesel emissions test-cheating scandal, has said it would use every legal step to counter the actions by Munich prosecutors.
But a Munich local court has now decided that the raids by prosecutors on Jones Day as well as on VW and Audi, both of which were also searched separately on March 15, were legitimate, a court spokeswoman said on Monday.
Munich prosecutors said the decision by the local court to reject VW's complaint would also be checked by a Munich district court.
"There is no change in our position," a spokesman at Wolfsburg-based VW said on Monday. "We adhere to our legal opinion."
Jones Day had no immediate comment.
(Reporting by Joern Poltz; additional reporting by Andreas Cremer; editing by Jason Neely)
PARIS May 2 Far-right presidential challenger Marine Le Pen refused to rule out capital controls if she won the election and there was a run on banks as she negotiated France's exit from the European Union, but stressed they were unlikely to be needed.
In an interview with Reuters ahead of Sunday's decisive second round, Le Pen reaffirmed she wanted to take France out of the euro and said she hoped the French people would have a national currency in their pockets within two years.
Le Pen said she wanted to replace the EU single currency with another, looser type of cooperation in the form of the ECU basket of currencies that preceded the euro. That would exist alongside a national currency.
"The objective is to transform the euro 'single currency' into a euro 'common currency', going back to the ancestor of the euro, the ECU, which was an accounting unit that did not stop each country from having each its own currency," Le Pen said.
Calling the euro a deadweight on the French economy, the National Front candidate said a new national currency would better protect French people's savings. She accused the "establishment" of wanting to "frighten" voters into thinking otherwise.
"I am convinced there won't be any banking crisis," Le Pen said when asked if French negotiations to quit the EU could trigger a run on French banks.
Asked if she would impose capital controls if savers nevertheless did rush to take their money out of banks, she said: "If there's a run on banks, we could very well imagine such a solution for a few days, but I'm telling you it won't happen."
(Reporting by Ingrid Melander; editing by Richard Lough)
Ukelele Hour grows in popularity at annual music camp
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Rhianna Gelhart, AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 In a June 27, 2018 photo, Ciara Coombs, 11, tunes her ukulele as she waits for the lesson to begin at Campbell County High School in Gillette, Wyo. The Ukulele lessons are a new this year to the Summer Music Camp. (Rhianna Gelhart/Gillette News Record via AP) less In a June 27, 2018 photo, Ciara Coombs, 11, tunes her ukulele as she waits for the lesson to begin at Campbell County High School in Gillette, Wyo. The Ukulele lessons are a new this year to the Summer Music ... more Photo: Rhianna Gelhart, AP Image 2 of 7 In a June 27, 2018 photo, twins Eva Fulton, 9, and Olivia Fulton, 9, tune their ukuleles before the beginning of the lesson at Campbell County High School in Gillette, Wyo. (Rhianna Gelhart/Gillette News Record via AP) less In a June 27, 2018 photo, twins Eva Fulton, 9, and Olivia Fulton, 9, tune their ukuleles before the beginning of the lesson at Campbell County High School in Gillette, Wyo. (Rhianna Gelhart/Gillette News ... more Photo: Rhianna Gelhart, AP Image 3 of 7 In a June 27, 2018 photo, Kylee Tate, 10, works on learning the proper notes for "Hot Cross Buns" during a ukulele lesson at Campbell County High School. Instructor Jesse Strauch told the class the best way to remember the notes is to remember "Good Children Eat Apples." (Rhianna Gelhart/Gillette News Record via AP) less In a June 27, 2018 photo, Kylee Tate, 10, works on learning the proper notes for "Hot Cross Buns" during a ukulele lesson at Campbell County High School. Instructor Jesse Strauch told the class the best way to ... more Photo: Rhianna Gelhart, AP Image 4 of 7 In a June 27, 2018 photo, Ciara Coombs, 11, and Sarah Melinkovich, 13, tune their ukuleles before the lesson begins at Campbell County High School in Gillette, Wyo. The Ukulele lessons are a new this year to the Summer Music Camp. (Rhianna Gelhart/Gillette News Record via AP) less In a June 27, 2018 photo, Ciara Coombs, 11, and Sarah Melinkovich, 13, tune their ukuleles before the lesson begins at Campbell County High School in Gillette, Wyo. The Ukulele lessons are a new this year to ... more Photo: Rhianna Gelhart, AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 In a June 27, 2018 photo, instructor Jesse Strauch begins the ukulele lesson at Campbell County High School in Gillette, Wyo. (Rhianna Gelhart/Gillette News Record via AP) In a June 27, 2018 photo, instructor Jesse Strauch begins the ukulele lesson at Campbell County High School in Gillette, Wyo. (Rhianna Gelhart/Gillette News Record via AP) Photo: Rhianna Gelhart, AP Image 7 of 7 Ukelele Hours grows in popularity at annual music camp 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
GILLETTE, Wyo. (AP) — Ukuleles come in all sizes and colors.
At a two-week long music camp at Campbell County High School, young musicians are learning all about playing the instrument. For the first year, Ukulele Hour is part of the daily lessons offered at the camp.
There's just something about those ukes. It's hard to feel serious about the tiny ukuleles, even when their strummers are seriously trying learn how to play them.
They are smaller, sometimes twangier versions of guitars. They're easy to play and a "good gateway" to playing guitar, said CCHS instrumental teacher Jesse Strauch.
Last Tuesday, the second day of the uke class, Strauch taught nine people to play "My Dog Has Fleas."
He also got them started on "Hot Cross Buns."
He explained how to play notes and chords on the instrument's four strings and played "Jimmy Brown, the News Boy."
But the students didn't strum a full song.
Among them was Sarah Melinkovich, 13, who brought her own ukulele, slightly larger than ones the other students had.
"I got it last summer and I didn't know how to play it," she said. Ukulele Hour is teaching her how to play her own instrument.
"It's just fun," she said, adding she also plays oboe (starting that Tuesday, the second day of music camp) and the clarinet.
It is Melinkivich's fourth year at the music camp. If the ukulele players perform during the Fourth of July parade, she said she will probably have to miss it. The Sage Valley Junior High student will be performing with the school's marching band instead.
TINY, BUT AWESOME
Steve Oakley, director of the annual music camp, said it was his idea to add ukulele lessons to the camp's repertoire this summer.
"Everyone, it seems, is really interested in it," he said. "Especially the kids at Rozet. It's not a difficult instrument and it's something to do so there's no downtime this year."
A record 225 students are participating in the music camp through July 6.
Oakley said the Campbell County Community Public Recreation District awards a grant to hold the music camp program. The camp had some money left from last year and decided to buy 26 ukuleles and tuners in colors like yellow, light blue, purple, red and white.
They also bought a rack to hold the ukuleles. The strings, Oakley said, are nylon and have to be tuned every day until the plastic in them stretches out.
"It's a silly little instrument. It's so cool," Oakley said. "It doesn't get much more fun."
Strauch said the four strings on ukes are like the top four strings of a guitar.
"It's about as difficult to play as a harmonica," he said.
SURGING IN POPULARITY
For some reason, the popularity of ukuleles are making a resurgence, Strauch said. They were last popular in the 1940s. His cousin makes top-of-the-line ukuleles and said he's a busy man these days.
Perhaps it's the size of the instrument.
Few of the young music students in grades 4-12 have a problem reaching their fingers over the frets to make chords.
But they tend to get a bit frustrated trying to keep up with others in class.
"To me, there's nothing like the timbre of a guitar. It's a good gateway to learning how to play the guitar," Strauch said.
He had a dental appointment last Wednesday, so Oakley took over his class, pointing out the notes on each string with the phrase "Good Children Eat Apples" or G, C, E, A.
To play, the musicians need to sit up straight and bring the tiny body of the uke right into their bellies, he said.
"It is not a bad instrument," Oakley said, adding that players should use floppy fingers to pluck or strum the strings.
Then he went into a quick rendition of "Hot Cross Buns" and had the 11 musicians in the class playing that a few minutes later.
The biggest chord, a G, requires the use of three fingers.
"Make sure every string makes a sound," he encouraged. "The hardest part of playing This is switching them," as in going from a C to a G or G to a C.
"If you can play those two chords, you can play 90 percent of the songs," he said.
When he added a D chord, he told the students they could play every top-10 hit on the radio.
PIECE OF CAKE
"My goal is by the end of today we'll split the class in half. One will play the melody and one will play the chords, like a real band," Oakley said.
Soon, he had the musicians doing just that.
"It's a piece of cake," he told them. "That sounds really good. Amazing."
Soon he was teaching them to play "Should Have Been a Cowboy" by Toby Keith and "Mamas, Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys" by Waylon Jennings and Willie Nelson.
All the while, Oakley was strumming a purple ukulele that nearly exactly matched his purple Camels T-shirt. The strains of his strumming wafted over the small class with that unique ukulele sound. Every musician smiled.
"If you can play these three chords, you can play anything," he said, teaching them a D.
Allison Gingerich, 16, was among the pickers and strummers. Her friend, Lea, had asked her to come to the class.
"She didn't want to do it alone. I really do like it," she said, adding she's tried playing a bit of a uke before.
But not like this.
"I've never been able to play a stringed instrument," she said, practicing for a smooth transition between chords. This is the first year the junior is attending music camp.
"It's pretty fun. You meet a lot of new people," Gingerich said. "It will be the first time I'll be in the July Fourth parade."
Olivia Fulton, 9, was frustrated by the ukulele last Tuesday. By the next day, she was grinning with her identical twin sister, Eva.
"It's pretty fun," Olivia said. "Everyone was faster than me yesterday."
She requested the students learn "Mama, Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys," a song she loves.
The two have played the ukulele before with Oakley at Rozet Elementary School, they said.
Now they'll have some new songs under their belts, more confidence and will be more familiar with the colorful ukes of all sizes and their unique sounds.
___
Information from: The Gillette (Wyo.) News Record, http://www.gillettenewsrecord.com
NEW YORK — Jets quarterback Josh McCown will miss the rest of the season with a broken left hand that will require surgery.
Coach Todd Bowles announced Monday during a conference call that Bryce Petty will start in McCown's place for New York at New Orleans on Sunday.
McCown was injured when he was hit by Denver's Shane Ray in the third quarter of New York's 23-0 loss on Sunday. An X-ray revealed that the 38-year-old McCown's hand was broken, and he was emotional after the game while reflecting on what had been the best season of his 15-year NFL career.
McCown, who signed a one-year, $6 million deal in the off-season, will be a free agent this winter. It is uncertain whether the Jets plan to re-sign him — or if McCown will want to play another season.
Justin Bieber was "very supportive" of Selena Gomez's decision to seek treatment for depression and anxiety.
Selena recently completed two weeks of in-patient treatment at a facility in New York and friends say Justin, 23, who she reconciled with last year, was happy she made the decision to look after her mental health.
A source told PEOPLE: "Justin and Selena are doing great.
"Their relationship is very special. They have both changed, their lives are so different and it really seems things could work out great this time. Justin saw that he needed to change, reached out for help and is doing very well."
"The same [goes] for Selena -- the second she doesn't feel well, she seeks help. They have both hugely matured. Justin is very supportive of Selena feeling her best.
"They are happy to be back together in LA now and Selena seems very happy."
It was recently revealed that Selena, 25, is feeling "very empowered" she had therapy, ate healthily and enjoyed Pilates and meditation during her time in treatment.
A source said: "She felt like she needed to get away and focus on herself with no distractions. She came back feeling very empowered. She wants to go again later this year. She feels and looks great. She's still working on new music and is excited about it. After all the noise that happened over the holidays, she felt like she needed this."
Selena previously revealed she is constantly trying to reinvent herself and feels the need to "grow" and get stronger all the time.
She shared: "I'm constantly somebody that likes to grow and feel like, 'All right, what can I be better at, what could I do better at, where could my confidence be stronger?' I'm 25, so I feel like I'm going to change a lot and enjoy that.
NEW DELHI May 3 India's cabinet has taken significant decisions on the country's banking sector, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, declining to give further details, saying it needed a Presidential accord.
"Some significant decision has been taken on the banking sector in the cabinet, but propriety demands that the government should announce this only after the assent of the President," Jaitley told a news conference after the cabinet meeting.
The government and the central bank have previously said they were working on a new plan for the resolution of bad loans at Indian lenders that hit a record $150 billion as of end-December. (Reporting by C.K. Nayak and Mayank Bhardwaj; Writing by Devidutta Tripathy, editing by David Evans)
WASHINGTON | Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
President Donald Trump steps off Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. Trump is returning from a trip to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)
A look at the crowded agenda:
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
“I feel very confident we're going to get this done … at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
“There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions,” Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's “Meet the Press with Chuck Todd” on Sunday. “So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen.”
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
“We will not leave here without a DACA fix,” said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Sears' cautionary history lesson
The pioneering retail company that looks to be rapidly hurtling toward bankruptcy might offer a few hints for internet conglomerates like Amazon and Alibaba, writes Breakingviews' Rob Cox.
A flood of FCC regulation reform
The Republican head of the FCC proposed easing regulatory requirements in the $45 billion business data services market, a win for companies like AT&T and Verizon. Here's why.
Today the Federal Communications Commission also announced that it will vote in April to reverse a 2016 rule adopted by the Obama administration that limits the number of television stations some companies can buy.
Brexit interactive graphic
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
April 13 Green Plains Inc:
* On April 12 entered into a privately negotiated agreement with a holder of co's 3.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 - SEC filing
* 884,220 shares, about $10.6 million common stock, cash in amount of accrued but unpaid interest on 2018 Notes to be exchanged
* The shares, $10.6 million common stock, cash to be exchanged for about $24.1 million in aggregate principal amount of 2018 Notes
* Company expects to exchange initial shares on April 19, 2017, and additional shares on April 25, 2017 Source text: (bit.ly/2ovAtlL) Further company coverage:
WWII veteran and war hero Brigadier General Jaroslav Klemeš will be buried with military honours at Strašnice crematorium in Prague on Monday. Mr Klemeš, who was the last surviving paratrooper to parachute into the Nazi occupied territory that was the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, died on August 7 at the age of 95. Mr Klemeš was persecuted by the communist regime after 1948 and was only fully rehabilitated in 1990. Last year he received the country's highest honour, The Order of the White Lion. The funeral ceremony will be open to the public. Among those attending will be Defence Minister Martin Stropnický and Chief of the General Staff of the Czech Armed Forces Josef Bečvář.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
For the first time in 60 years, a Castro is not the president of Cuba. On April 19, the Cuban National Assembly elected Miguel Díaz-Canel as the president of Cuba. He had been serving as first vice president of the country for the past five years.
The Cuban legacy is about to go through a change — not an ideological shift but a generational one. Díaz-Canel was born into the country's socialist model — he was not one of the men who created it. His inaugural speech asserted the need to continue the course of the Cuban revolution. To see someone take hold of Cuba who does not practice or shape socialism as a reaction to global capitalism, but as the only economic model he's ever known, will be an economic experiment of its own. Díaz-Canel's administration could show the 21st century what socialism can become. The Cuban model is no longer just an effect of Castro's regime but a transgenerational economic model.
Díaz-Canel has been known to be an incessant supporter of the Cuban revolution with little to no exposure to external economic models — or foreign policy in general — but is also known to be open-minded and approachable. He has been involved in politics since his 20s — he is now 58 years old — and has made his way up the bureaucratic ranks of the Cuban government, proving his devotion to the Castros' vision.
When he was younger, he would condemn schoolmates for reading books not approved by the Communist party but also supported one of the country's only gay clubs when it opened up about 10 years ago. Díaz-Canel may be a hard-line conservative socialist, but he will bring the collective concerns of Cuban people — economic growth without stifling the socialist model — something often overlooked by the bureaucracies of revolution and the need to remain overtly traditional.
Whether or not Cuba is about to change should not be a primary point of contention — it will evolve. Socialism in Cuba will evolve in the same way capitalism developed in almost every country in the world: through succession. The “handpicking” of Cuba's successor is no different than how political parties in the United States groom their candidates, and the country, to take the pick that political parties need.
Former President Raúl Castro will continue to have a significant influence on political decisions to ensure that his handpicked successor continues to be groomed in the way he needs Cuba, and Díaz-Canel, to grow.
May 2 Pfeiffer Vacuum Technology AG:
* Q1 sales 136.9 million euros ($149.51 million)
* Says significantly increases EBIT margin to 15.6 percent
* Says Q1/2017 sales up 24.9 percent from prior year
* Says Q1/2017 EBIT margin increases by 3.8 percentage points
* Says order intake amounts to 146.5 million euros
* Says impressive demonstration of long-term growth potential
* Says expects positive trend to continue
* Says expects sales for full year of 2017 to increase significantly from 2016
* Says should result in a significant improvement in operating profit
* Says positive development should continue in 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9157 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Give-A-Damn Jones, by Bill Pronzini. Give-a-Damn Jones hates his nickname almost as much as the rumors about him. He's a kind soul who keeps finding himself in the wrong place at the wrong time. That's what happened in Box Elder. Jones walks into the middle of it all, and this time, he may be the hero that this town needs.
Flying at Night, by Rebecca L. Brown. Piper Hart has always told herself her son is perfectly normal, but her whole world is levelled when her son is diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. When Piper's father Lance wakes up from a coma with a traumatic brain injury, Piper must decide what will become of her once-proud tyrant of a father. Piper chooses to bring him home, where both Fred and Lance, misunderstood by the world around them, begin to connect.
The Other Lady Vanishes, by Amanda Quick. After escaping from a private sanitarium, Adelaide Blake arrives in Burning Cove, California, desperate to start over. When a medium becomes a victim of her own dire prediction and is killed, she'll be drawn into a murky world of duplicity and misdirection.
Welcome to Moonlight Harbor, by Sheila Roberts. Once happily married, Jenna Jones is about to turn forty, and this year for her birthday — lucky her — she's getting a divorce. Her Aunt Edie wants her help in turning around the ramshackle Driftwood Inn, but will her plan work? Maybe this storm will bring a rainbow.
Non-fiction
My Patients and Other Animals, by Suzy Fincham-Gray. A veterinarian sheds light on the universal experience of loving, healing, and losing our beloved pets and the many ways in which they change our lives.
This is Me, by Chrissy Metz. Part memoir and part collection of essays, Metz — the star of television's "This Is Us" — gives readers a look inside her setbacks and successes while still remaining her authentic self.
The Electric Woman, by Tessa Fontaine. The story of a woman who literally ran away with the circus, this memoir follows Fontaine through caring for her ill mother and into her life in one of America's last traveling sideshows as an escape artist and snake charmer.
Atlas of a Lost World: Travels in Ice Age America, by Craig Childs. This travelogue through prehistory traces the arrival of humans in North America, the tools they left behind in their travels, and the megafauna they encountered as the glaciers retreated.
Buttermilk Graffiti, by Edward Lee. As both a chef and a Korean immigrant, Lee examines the modern food landscape of America and how immigrants have brought their own culinary background to create new melting-pot fare.
Losing the Nobel Prize, by Brian Keating. Keating, a scientist who first conceived of background imaging experiments, details the scientific drama that ensued in 2014 when astronomers believed themselves to have found the spark that ignited the Big Bang.
Failing Up, by Leslie Odom Jr. The originator of the role of Aaron Bur in Broadway's Hamilton musical, Odom Jr. details personal stories in order to inspire and motivate readers.
Great American Outpost: Dreamers, Mavericks, and the Making of an Oil Frontier, by Maya Rao. A journalist is embedded in North Dakota, America's modern day frontier where unprecedented growth due to oil has had outsiders flocking to get a piece of the wealth.
Mary Berry Everyday, by Mary Berry. In this cookbook Mary Berry, the beloved personality of British baking competitions, provides recipes for recipe classics, international flavours and, of course, tasty sweets.
On Leopard Rock, by Wilbur Smith. In this first memoir from the bestselling fiction author, Smith details his rich and eventful life so far.
COLOMBO, April 28 Sri Lankan shares closed at a more than 11-month high in heavy trading on Friday as foreign buying for 26 sessions in a row took net inflows into equities to 13.9 billion rupees ($91.39 million) and boosted sentiment.
Foreign investors bought shares worth 708.2 million rupees on a net basis in the session, bringing the year-to-date net equity inflows to 16.4 billion rupees.
The Colombo stock index gained 0.59 percent at 6,610.46, its highest close since May 20. The index added 1.1 percent this week, marking its fifth winning week.
A vote on Thursday in the European Parliament in favour of Sri Lanka gaining a trade concession also brought cheer to the market, traders said.
"Continuous foreign buying and the European Parliament vote helped boost retail investor sentiment. Retail investors bought some shares related to garments," Prashan Fernando, CEO at Acuity Stockbrokers said.
"We believe the market will gain in the next week too."
The index has climbed 10.6 percent in the 21 sessions through Friday, having risen for 18 sessions in that period.
Turnover stood at 1.97 billion rupees, more than double of this year's daily average of 908 million rupees.
Market heavyweight John Keells Holdings gained 1 percent, while garment manufacturers Hayleys Fabric Plc and Teejay Lanka Plc rose 1.8 percent and 2 percent, respectively.
($1 = 152.1000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Nikki Bella felt like she had "a huge piece" missing when she split from John Cena.
The 'Total Divas' star admits it was tough when the couple - who have since called off their engagement - decided to go their separate ways as it was like they were married anyway.
Nikki said: "I feel such a huge piece is just missing from me. It was just weird. First morning in six years not to talk to him, you know?"
And her sister Brie added: "I mean, you guys were like married ... I just don't want him to be lonely. And I don't want him to regret not being a dad. And that's what makes me sad 'cause John feels like a brother and I hate thinking in my head that he's gonna be alone.
"You and I are such hard workers and there are times there's been zero payoff, but when you have a baby, even if Birdie wakes me up five times in one night, the way she holds me, the way she smells, it's like, you don't care. I want you to feel that."
John - who has previously insisted he does not want children in the future - fully supports Nikki's decision to have a family one day but she wanted him to father her children.
Speaking in the preview clip for their show 'Total Bellas', she said: "He told me, he sent me this text last night and he goes, 'The day you become a mom and look at your baby, I'm expecting to get the first thank-you text.' But it's like, I wanted him to be the father of my kids."
OSLO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The price of Norway's farmed salmon is expected to drop to 47.5-48 crowns per kilo for deliveries in Oslo next week from about 53 crowns in the current week, industry sources told Reuters on Friday.
“It's difficult. Prices are down 5 crowns and we are at about 48 crowns per kilo in Oslo,” said an exporter who declined to be named.
A producer confirmed the price drop.
“There are mixed opinions but we expect 47.5 crowns in Oslo. It has been a tough week due to more supply,” the producer said.
Salmon prices peaked at around 80 crowns per kilo in early January of 2017 at a time when supply constraints supported prices, but have since fallen as volumes grew.
Production growth from Norway is expected to be around 9 percent in 2018, the Norwegian Seafood Council predicted in early January.
Norway is the world's top salmon exporter, and the share price of listed farming companies depends heavily on changes in the price of fish.
Average production costs for whole fish, including the cost of harvesting, rose by 13 percent to 34.29 crowns per kilo in 2016, according to data from the Norwegian Directorate of Fisheries.
Leading Norwegian producers include Marine Harvest, Salmar, Leroy Seafood, Grieg Seafood and Norway Royal Salmon. (Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Terje Solsvik)
MOSCOW, March 31 Creditor banks of indebted Agrokor have agreed a "standstill arrangement" with the Croatian firm which should allow it to stabilise its business operations, a source in Russian bank Sberbank said on Friday.
The Sberbank source said the arrangement should help resolve Agrokor's liquidity requirements and it could involve potential additional financing of around 300 million euros ($320.55 million).
The source added that top management roles at Agrokor would be replaced with "independent professionals" as part of restructuring efforts.
($1 = 0.9359 euros) (Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva; Writing by Alexander Winning; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
Bundy had a chilly start to the day today.
Bundy had a chilly start to the day today. Chris Mccormack
BUNDABERG shivered through a crisp start to the day this morning, with the cool temperatures coming in four degrees below the average for this time of year.
The morning's brisk start prompted residents to don their winter boots and jackets a day early, with the official start to the cold season tomorrow.
But according to the Bureau of Meteorology, this morning's 9.8 degrees was not the first cold burst Bundaberg experienced in May.
Meteorologist Adam Blazak said a similarly cool patch hit the region last week.
"Even though the temperatures were quite fresh this morning, it wasn't that long ago since the last cold burst," Mr Blazak said.
The average minimum temperature for Bundaberg in May is 14 to 15 degrees.
The average for June drops to 12 degrees.
Bundaberg weather. Bureau of Meteorology
The cold, dry system is expected to stay for the next three to four days, with minimum temperatures staying around 10 degrees tomorrow and over the weekend.
"It will start to increase next week with more moisture and cloud cover," Mr Blazak told the NewsMail.
He said while south-westerlies were currently blowing through the region, wind would start flowing from the water by the middle of next week.
"That'll push more moisture in the air," Mr Blazak said.
Despite the chilly start this morning, temperatures are expected to rise by midday.
"Once we get over the fresh start it warms up to be a pleasant day," Mr Blazak said.
He said residents living to the west of Bundaberg would see some frost in the early mornings but that those near the coastal fringes would be spared.
Forecast
Today: Max 23 - Sunny
Friday: Min 9 Max 23 - Sunny
Saturday: Min 9 Max 23 - Sunny
Sunday: Min 10 Max 24 - Sunny
Monday: Min 11 Max 25 - Sunny
Tuesday: Min 12 Max 24 - Mostly sunny
Wednesday: Min 13 Max 23 - Partly cloudy
NEW YORK — President Trump's initial failure to condemn white supremacy on Saturday was too much for Kenneth Frazier.
Early Monday morning, the head of the pharma giant Merck — and one of America's most prominent black CEOs — abruptly quit Trump's manufacturing council.
Frazier's message was clear: “America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy.”
Trump quickly responded by bashing Frazier. He tweeted that the Merck CEO “will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Hours later, Trump denounced the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “repugnant.”
Throughout the day, other CEOs on the manufacturing council condemned racism after the weekend's white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. By Monday night, two others had joined Frazier in leaving.
Under Armour's Kevin Plank had earlier tweeted a strong rejection of racism. Then, just after 8 p.m. ET, his company released a statement saying that he would step down.
“Under Armour engages in innovation and sports, not politics,” Plank said.
Later Monday evening, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a blog post that he, too, was resigning “to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues.”
CNNMoney asked the approximately two dozen executives on the council whether they would stay. Several of them denounced hate and bigotry, others declined to comment, and some did not respond at all.
But at least seven companies or executives said that they would remain with the council, which was formed in January to advise Trump on manufacturing growth — a key focus of the president's campaign.
General Electric said the company has “no tolerance for hate, bigotry or racism.” But it added that chairman Jeff Immelt would stay on the council because it was important for GE to “participate in the discussion on how to drive growth and productivity in the U.S.”
Representatives for at least five other companies — Dow Chemical, Whirlpool, Campbell Soup, International Paper and Nucor — echoed similar sentiments.
They all released statements that condemned racism or welcomed tolerance. But they also said they'd stay on the council so they could advise the government on ways to strengthen manufacturing.
Dell said there was “no change” in how it is “engaging with the Trump administration” on policy issues that affect the company.
Frazier, Plank and Krzanich are not the first CEOs to drop out of a Trump advisory role. At first, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk defended his roles on Trump's manufacturing and economic advisory councils.
While Musk publicly and repeatedly rebuked several Trump policies, including the travel ban, he said he believed having a seat at the table was “doing good.” The clean energy advocate spoke publicly about wanting to advise Trump on climate issues, even though the president downplayed the problem.
Musk eventually gave up. After Trump pulled out of the Paris climate agreement in June, he left both councils.
“Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk tweeted at the time. He had earlier said that he had “done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils.”
Disney's Bob Iger, another member of the economic advisory council, also quit after the Paris decision.
And at least one more departure from the manufacturing group may be in the works.
The AFL-CIO, which has two members on the council, said Monday that it denounces “bigoted domestic terrorists” and called on Trump to follow. Its president, Richard Trumka, made similar comments online Sunday.
By Monday afternoon the AFL-CIO said it was “assessing” its role in the manufacturing group — which it said “has yet to hold any real meeting.”
“While the AFL-CIO will remain a powerful voice for the freedoms of working people, there are real questions about the effectiveness of this council to deliver real policy that lifts working families,” the organization said.
The skyline of the city of Lisbon and the city's port are seen from the Tagus River December 16, 2008. REUTERS/Nacho Doce (PORTUGAL)
LISBON Portugal has set up a task force that will focus on luring investment away from Britain following its decision to leave the European Union, a government minister said on Thursday.
Many companies are pondering a shift of jobs and investment to continental Europe and some think London risks damaging its status as Europe's biggest financial centre after Britain formally began its divorce from the European Union on Wednesday.
"The cabinet approved the creation of a temporary structure named 'Portugal In' that is designed to attract investments that want to stay in the EU after the United Kingdom's exit. It will report directly to the prime minister," government relations minister Maria Leitao Marques told a news conference.
The mandate of the task force will run through to the end of 2019, after the British exit comes into effect in late March that year.
Portugal, which emerged from an international bailout in 2014 after a debt crisis, is seeking more direct foreign investment to help the economy grow so that the country can leave its debt woes behind.
The new body is tasked with "promoting factors that differentiate Portugal, namely in terms of human resources and its geoeconomic position, to dynamise the entrepreneurial capacity and jobs creation," the minister said.
Portugal is continental Europe's westernmost country, which allows for an ease of travel between Britain, Europe, Africa and the Americas. It boasts a warm coastal Atlantic climate, sandy beaches and low rents, and is already home to many British expats, some of them with business interests in the country.
(Reporting By Sergio Goncalves and Andrei Khalip; Editing by Toby Davis)
Roseanne isn't the only beloved show to suffer because of a lead actor.
From reruns being pulled to shocking cancellations, PEOPLE is looking back at the scandals surrounding 7th Heaven and The Cosby Show.
Roseanne
On Tuesday, ABC canceled the return of its reboot — the no. 1 scripted series of the season with a 6.4 rating in the key demo, according to The Hollywood Reporter — after Roseanne Barr posted a racist tweet about former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett on Monday.
The actress compared Jarrett, who is black, to an ape before deleting her tweet.
“Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj,” she wrote, using Jarrett's initials in response to a tweeted conspiracy theory about the Obama administration.
Robert Trachtenberg/ABC
Barr tweeted Wednesday morning that she “mistakenly thought [Jarrett] was white.”
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show,” president of ABC Entertainment Channing Dungey announced in a statement Tuesday.
7th Heaven
After 11 seasons, audiences said goodbye to the Camden family in 2007. Following the wildly popular family-friendly show's cancellation, the series continued to air reruns on cable channels — until news broke of Stephen Collins‘ inappropriate behavior toward minors.
In October 2014, Collins, who starred as father of five and Reverend Eric Camden, was investigated for child molestation due to revelations he made to his estranged wife Faye Grant.
Following news of the scandal, Entertainment Weekly reported that both UP TV and TVGuide Network pulled reruns of the show.
Stephen Collins Everett Collection
Caryn Moss, a mother of two young actors who had parts on the show years ago, said at the time that her children would feel the financial effects of this scandal. According to TMZ, Niki Saletta and her brother Sam Saletta, who were both child actors in non-starring roles on the show, stopped receiving residual paychecks for their appearances now that reruns are no longer airing.
As for the major stars of the show, including Jessica Biel, experts estimated that each likely earned upwards of six figures annually in residuals from the show's reruns.
Two months after news broke, Collins released a lengthy statement to PEOPLE in which he admitted to inappropriate sexual conduct with three female minors. In vivid detail, Collins explained how there were three victims from 1973 to 1994, and how “I have not had an impulse to act out in any such way” in the last 20 years.
“Forty years ago, I did something terribly wrong that I deeply regret. I have been working to atone for it ever since,” he said.
He also addressed the recording that surfaced in October in which he is heard admitting to the allegations during a therapy session with his then-wife Grant.
“On the recording, I described events that took place 20, 32 and 40 years ago,” Collins told PEOPLE. “The publication of the recording has resulted in assumptions and innuendos about what I did that go far beyond what actually occurred. As difficult as this is, I want people to know the truth.”
He also revealed that he had since met with one of the victims. “I did have an opportunity to do so with one of the women, 15 years later. I apologized and she was extraordinarily gracious.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The Cosby Show
Last month, Bill Cosby was convicted of drugging and sexually assaulting former Temple University employee Andrea Constand in January 2004.
Cosby was convicted on three aggravated indecent sexual assault charges, each of which carries a prison sentence of up to 10 years. The comedian, who did not testify during his trial, denied similar allegations from more than 60 women.
Prior to his April 2018 conviction, the image of the eight-season sitcom, which aired from 1984-92, was tarnished as a result of Cosby.
The Cosby Show Frank Carroll/NBCU Photo Bank
In November 2014, TV Land pulled its reruns of The Cosby Show. And one day after court documents revealed Cosby admitted in a 2005 deposition to giving drugs to a woman he then had sex with, Bounce TV and BET's Centric Network pulled the plug on the show's syndication.
Tom Werner, who helped create The Cosby Show, opened up to several media outlets in July 2015 about the scandal and the effect that the rape allegations will have on the show's legacy.
“I certainly think that at the moment, the show is tarnished,” he admitted to TV Insider. “But hopefully people can distinguish between the show and Bill. I think about all the great episodes that we've done and the impact that it had. I'm certainly hoping that people can continue to watch it.”
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New military chief Galvez gives notice to corrupt officers
LIEUTENANT GENERAL Carlito G. Galvez Jr. sets the tone of his leadership as the new Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) chief-of-staff by warning the military against corruption. “The President has zero tolerance for corruption. We will have no fear of relieving people who are mediocre and full of anomalies. We will keep the AFP clean, I will not hesitate to relieve any commander who will be tainted with corruption,” Mr. Galvez said during his first flag raising ceremony as the military head on Monday. In line with this pronouncement, Mr. Galvez tasked the Office of the Inspector General to investigate anomalies within the ranks. Aside from possible dismissal from office, those who will be found guilty of corruption may also face charges based on the outcome of the investigation, according to Lieutenant Colonel Emmanuel R. Garcia, AFP Public Affairs Office chief. The AFP covers the army, air force, and navy. — Minde Nyl R. dela Cruz
Marcos, Comelec ordered to comment on 25% shading petition
THE SUPREME Court (SC), sitting as the Presidential Electoral Tribunal (PET), on Tuesday, April 24, directed Ferdinand «Bongbong» R. Marcos, Jr. and the Commission on Elections (Comelec) to comment on Vice President Maria Leonor «Leni» G. Robredo's April 19 motion for reconsideration on the requirement to observe a 50% shading threshold on the recount. Court spokesperson Atty. Theodore O. Te said that Mr. Marcos and Comelec were given 10 days. Ms. Robredo asked the PET to use in the ongoing election recount the 25% shading threshold implemented in the 2016 vice presidential election, a request that the court earlier denied. Meanwhile, Ms. Robredo and Mr. Marcos have submitted their compliance to the PET's show cause order, which accused them of violating the sub judice rule for disclosing sensitive information to the public with regards to the recount. — Dane Angelo M. Enerio
SC rules divorces between Filipino-foreign spouses valid in PHL
THE SUPREME Court (SC) on Tuesday, April 24, voted on a case establishing “that a foreign divorce secured by a Filipino against a foreign spouse is also considered valid in the Philippines, even if it is the Filipino spouse who files for divorce abroad,” according to a press statement. “Where a marriage between a Filipino citizen and a foreigner is validly celebrated and a divorce is thereafter validly obtained abroad by the alien spouse capacitating him or her to remarry, the Filipino spouse shall likewise have capacity to remarry under Philippine law,” the statement said. The case involves the divorce granted by a Japanese court to Filipino Marelyn Tanedo Manalo from her partner Minoru Yoshino, which was deemed invalid by a lower court in the Philippines, but was recognized by the Court of Appeals in 2014. — Dane Angelo M. Enerio
Late Friday afternoon, Sylvan Lake-Innisfail MLA announced his resignation on Twitter. The Twitter announcement follows a press release from the United Conservative Party that MacIntyre has left the caucus.
The Twitter account states he is retiring from politics to “focus on our family.”
Hi folks. Resigning from politics today to focus on our family. Thanks everyone! #AbLeg #ucp — Don MacIntyre (@Don_MacIntyre) February 2, 2018
United Conservative Leader Jason Kenney only said the MLA was leaving the caucus.
“At approximately noon today Don MacIntyre resigned from the United Conservative Caucus,” Kenney said in a statement.
The politicial party is prohibited from further comment at this time due to a court order, according to a post on Twitter.
“Upon the advice of legal council, a court order prohibits us from commenting further at this time,” the UPC's Twitter account says.
Upon the advice of legal council, a court order prohibits us from commenting further at this time. #ableg pic.twitter.com/67xRuFz4nn — UCP (@UCPCaucus) February 3, 2018
More on this story as it continues to evolve.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
To honor graduating seniors, the Modern Languages and Literature department hosted a graduation party and annual Journey's Competition. Teams competed in eight different languages for the Journey's trophy.
A woman who worked with Danley at the Atlantis in Reno said Paddock had achieved the casino's highest loyalty-program status, which affords gamblers a host of privileges, including a personal casino host, premium seating at concerts and events, and complimentary car washes — he also ordered meals off the restaurant menus and had them delivered to him as he gambled.
Eric Paddock said his brother essentially moved into the casino for months at a time.
The company that owns Atlantis said in a statement that it "had no current information regarding Stephen Paddock and Marilou Danley," noting that Danley stopped working there several years ago. "We are co-operating with law enforcement and support their efforts to investigate and address this tragedy."
Paddock also frequented other Reno casinos. He earned a reputation as a big spender at the Grand Sierra, and he was spotted in recent weeks at the Silver Legacy, where a dealer said he was known to wager $100 per bet on slot machines. A casino employee said Paddock was a frequent presence during the National Championship Air Races in September. Public records show that Paddock owned two planes and was a licensed pilot.
The gambling was, at times, apparently lucrative. Paddock's brother said he showed FBI investigators a text from Stephen Paddock saying he had won $250,000 at a casino.
"It's like a job for him. It's a job where you make money," said Eric Paddock, adding that his brother could lose $1 million and still have enough to live on.
Relatives said they believe Paddock was worth more than $2 million, making a small fortune from real estate deals and a business that he and Eric Paddock sold. Paddock told neighbours that he was a professional gambler but didn't show any trappings of wealth, driving nondescript cars and favouring khakis and polo shirts.
Eric Paddock recalled that his brother once arranged to take over the top floor of the Atlantis — all part of the free rooms, meals, drinks, spa services and other perks that lubricate the cash-sopped casino culture in Las Vegas, Reno and other gambling havens.
"RFB — room, food and beverage — is the most coveted comp," said David Schwartz, director of the Center for Gaming Research at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas.
Casinos closely track the habits of all but the most casual gamblers, monitoring the time they spend playing and the amount they wager. And they invest heavily in freebies and other inducements to keep them playing. Schwartz said that comps, on average, account for almost one-third of the expenses at Las Vegas's large casinos.
The 24 biggest Las Vegas Strip casinos had average expenses of $145 million in 2016, and comps accounted for $65 million of that total — more than payroll and taxes combined, according to a report by Schwartz's centre at UNLV.
At the Mandalay Bay, a 1,450-square-foot, two-bedroom suite can rent for hundreds of dollars on a weeknight, according to the hotel's website, and can be worth far more than that depending on the season and events scheduled at the resort. Add in meals at high-end casino restaurants, tickets to shows, limousines, liquor and credits to spend on gambling, and comps can add up quickly.
"You don't have to be the highest roller, and they still take care of you," said one Washington businessman who travels regularly to Las Vegas.
Though offering a veneer of glitz and glamour, the comps allow casinos to promote and reward loyalty, analysts said, largely because casino officials know that the longer and more often a person gambles, the more likely it is that the house will win.
Comps serve a crucial function to casinos, making players feel important and keeping them at specific properties spending money. Free rooms help players stay in the casino and gamble as long as possible while they are there. The overall feeling of being a VIP entices people to return on a regular basis — and to feel as if they are getting something nearly guaranteed in return.
"If you're putting a lot of money into a slot machine and you're not getting anything back, at some point you're going to stop doing that," said Lia Nower, director of the Center for Gambling Studies at Rutgers University. "If they're getting free rooms and everything else, that's validation."
Nower said the rewards system differs with each casino ownership group.
"If you spend a decent amount of money, you go there a few times a year, you'd probably get comped rooms, meals, show tickets," she said. "If you're a high, high roller, you're getting suites, you're getting transportation, you're able to bring people with you."
Schwartz said casinos have sophisticated systems for tracking players' habits. Even fairly casual gamblers are encouraged to sign up for a "player card," essentially a loyalty club card that allows casinos to collect data about the time a gambler spends at a blackjack table or slot machine, the amount of their typical bet, and their overall winnings and losses. Inserting the card into a machine or handing it to a pit boss can allow players to accrue points that can used in a variety of ways.
A player who uses a loyalty card enough becomes a "rated" player and often qualifies for personalized service from casinos, including a "VIP host" who helps arrange for freebies, such as rooms, meals and show reservations. It also allows casinos to direct-market to players who are most likely to return, offering mailed and emailed coupons or discounts as enticements.
"They know the person has a set gambling budget, and they want to encourage loyalty," Schwartz said.
The cards are good at any casino owned by the same company. For example, an MGM Resorts player card is generally good at any casino in the chain, from the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas to the MGM National Harbor near Washington, D.C.
Schwartz said different casinos distribute comps for different levels of spending. Someone who gambles $500 at premier Las Vegas casinos "might not get noticed" among gamblers who sometimes wager tens of thousands of dollars or more on a single hand.
But generally, he said, someone such as Paddock, who reportedly spent weeks at a time wagering tens of thousands of dollars or more, would qualify for high-end comps.
Nower said the comp system encourages people to keep coming back to their favourite venue, where they feel valued.
"There's a whole element of gambling that doesn't have anything to do with money. It's a sense of being important ... that comes with familiarity," Nower said. "People who know your name, people who know you're coming into town."
The Washington Post
The annual Blind Surf event helped Scott Leason rekindle his love of surfing and to eventually become the U.S. Adaptive Visually Impaired Surfing Champion
On July 4th, 1993 life-long surfer Scott Leason (27 at the time) was working as a clerk at Circle K when two masked gunmen walked in and demanded money. Leason didn't put up a fight, he quietly and quickly followed their orders to empty his register and hand over the cash, somewhere around $50. With his hands-up and despite being compliant, one of the gunmen put a 9mm to Leason's head and pulled the trigger. The bullet entered his left temple, severed his left-eye's optic nerve and chipped his right orbital bone as it exited his head through his eye socket. Miraculously, the bullet missed his brain but it took his vision. Leason would spend the next few years learning the basics of living as a blind man and struggling with the anger of what happened to him. The thought of surfing being a part of his life again never crossed his mind.
A year later Swami's Surf Association member Larry Graff saw a local news report on blind waterskiing. Graff thought, "if blind people could waterski, they could surf," and immediately began developing a program for teaching them to do so--which his personal research included wearing blackout goggles while surfing. Shortly after getting the idea to share the gift of surfing with the visually impaired, The Swami's Surf Association held the first Blind Surf event at Ponto in Carlsbad in 1995.
Five years after the first Blind Surf event, in 2000, Leason was still unaware that surfing was a possibility for him. He had just hit rock bottom and was determined to take control of his life despite the unfair cards he'd been dealt. While visiting San Diego's blind community center, he heard about the Blind Surf event. Leason though about how much he loved surfing and was elated at the prospect of the sport once again being a part of his life. He went to the event. He's since become competitive surfing champion.
Leason's personal mantra is "Never lose sight of your hopes and dreams," a lesson Leason considers more powerful than the bullet he took to his head. And at 52, it's a lesson that he exemplifies through his competitive surfing and the example of determination he sets, not only for the visually impaired, but for everyone.
Leason will be attending the Swami's Blind Surf event this Sunday, June 3rd at 7:00am.
SURFER called Leason to talk about the importance the annual Blind Surf event played in his life and how it helped him regain sight of his hopes and dreams.
So you grew up surfing before you lost your vision?
Yeah, I grew up in Newport Beach and started surfing when I was 10 years old.
After you were shot, were you determined to get back in the water right away?
No. My determination was to learn to live as a blind person first. I went and learned all the skills I needed like typing, computers, braille, cooking and all that stuff.
I was training to be a self-defense instructor for the blind during my first vocational rehab contract with the state. I went through their training and everything but they didn't certify me or hire me. I moved on from there and tried my hand at college but couldn't keep up. Then I had four years of being an idiot where I thought I could party my way through being angry at what happened to me.
I ended up in conservatorship because people took advantage of me and my family was upset with me because of that. I ended living in one of those assisted living care facilities and that was my low point. At that point I realized that I just wanted to exercise so I went to the blind community center in San Diego and there I learned about the Blind Surf program and that's where I got to surf again, that was my lifesaver.
After that I went to the Challenged Athlete's Foundation and got grants. For the past 12 years I've been surfing, waterskiing and wakeboarding through the Mission Bay Aquatic Center.
After you got the basics down on how to live without sight, did the desire to surf come or did you not really think about surfing until you heard about the blind surf events?
The latter. Because I was so busy with everything else I didn't really think about blind surfing. But when I started going to the community center hearing about those events and going to them, that was my saving grace. I grew up doing water sports and they helped me realize I could do them again. I surfed all my life, up and down California's coast, in Hawaii. My favorite spots were Rincon and Trestles.
Did that first blind surf feel the same as it did when you were younger?
I felt comfortable right away. The way that they do it is that they have 4-5 people per blind person and they're touching the blind surfer at all times. I kept yelling, "No don't touch! Just tell me what's going on!" I only wanted verbal instructions because I'm an experienced surfer. Pat Webber, my old coach and owner of San Diego Surfing Academy, would take me out surfing one on one and would help me for the first three years of competition. Now I can basically surf with anyone who can verbally give me directions.
I like to paddle out by myself and crash through the waves. Then once I'm out there someone will tell me, "ok, little right or little left, lie down, paddle slow, half speed, alright PADDLE PADDLE!" and then they'll yell, "UP!" once I have the wave and can really feel it taking me.
I currently practice in the shorebreak at Mission Beach, which is good because it helps me practice popping to my feet faster so I don't get shoved nose first into the bottom.
Tell me about your experience surfing competitively.
Three years ago they came up with the World Adaptive Surfing Championships. The Challenged Athletes Foundation was involved with the event and I'm very involved with them so I kind of emailed my way in so I could be one of three blind surfers from around the world to compete. We had to compete against the sighted one-legged prosthetic surfers. After that, they realized they needed a sight-impaired division. I went to the Nationals and became the first US blind surfing champion.
When I compete at the World's, some of those visually impaired surfers have a little bit of sight. I have no sight at all so some have a little bit of an advantage over me. They're trying to level the playing field by making everyone wear black-out goggles but everyone bitched about it. They'll have to level the playing field somehow for the Paralympics.
At the first team competition of adaptive surfing we got silver and last year we got bronze. I've been the very first, current and two-time US blind surfing champion. I'll be defending that in June in Oceanside at USA Surfing. They're involved with the Olympics and Paralympics. We tried to go to the Paralympics in 2024 in Paris but they didn't accept parasurfing.
Congrats on everything you've won so far.
Thanks. At 50 years old I went to the Challenged Athlete's Foundation and got a grant so I could learn to waterski. I'm going to my sixth disabled waterski nationals in September. This year I'll be going to my first wakeboard tournament, I've been working on that for three years.
How have other visually impaired people's responses been to the Blind Surf events?
It's been awesome! The Swami's Surf Association had a couple of visually impaired attendees at events who can't even swim but they still had them out on surfboards. Even if they don't get to their feet, they still get to feel what it's like to ride a wave. It's such an awesome thing for someone who's never seen surf, or been in it, to come out and safely get to ride a wave. It's really cool for young visually impaired people to learn to surf because when it comes time for them to learn anything else in life, it's a piece of cake. It's an awesome program and they do a really good job. A lot of the visually impaired love to do it and look forward to the event every year.
Do you feel like the Blind Surf event helped return the gift of the ocean to your life?
After I was blinded, the first opportunity I got to surf was this program. It was really cool to just be back in the ocean, to paddle out and crash through the waves and to just sit and wait for waves. To have everything that is associated with surfing back in my life felt really good, like being in tune with Mother Nature and having respect for the sea.
Adaptive surfing is growing so fast and I'm privileged and honored to a part of the adaptive surf community. Being able to promote the sport of surfing, something I've loved since I was a kid, is an honor. I'm so grateful to Swami's Surf Association for the opportunity.
For more from Scott Leason, visit Never Lose Sight.
Agents of Change is presented by Cobian's Every Step Matters (ESM) initiative. Learn how, by choosing Cobian footwear, you can make a positive impact and enrich the lives of others at Every Step Matters.
WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump is offering his condolences to Canadians following Monday's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto.
He made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as he welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit, the first of the Trump presidency.
Trump began the affair by offering his hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W. Bush, the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of his wife Barbara.
He then mentioned the attack in Toronto, where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby.
Jill and Derick Dillard couldn't be more thrilled about their new nephew's debut — and his arrival is getting them excited about the upcoming birth of their baby boy!
A week after sister Jessa (Duggar) Seewald and her husband Ben — who are parents to 15-month-old Spurgeon Elliot — welcomed their second child — son Henry Wilberforce Seewald — on Feb. 6, Jill, 25, and Derick, 27, filmed a sweet congratulatory message for the couple.
“Well, congratulations Jessa and Ben on the birth of your second son, Henry Wilberforce. What an awesome name!” Derick began the video, posted on the Dillard Family blog on Tuesday.
But Jill and Derick aren't the only Dillards who are excited about baby Henry's birth — their son Israel is as well!
“We're really happy for you guys and Israel is happy for another cousin,” Derick continued.
The Counting On star, who revealed to PEOPLE in December that she is expecting her second child — a boy due in July — also added that the addition of her nephew is upping her excitement about her son's birth.
“Just getting to hold little Henry is already just getting us really excited about the birth of our little boy pretty soon here, so we're just super excited for y'all and just want to say congratulations,” she added.
In a recent issue of PEOPLE, Jill opened up about her current pregnancy, and admitted that she isn't stressed about giving birth for a second time.
During her nearly 70 hours of labor with her son, now 22 months, the first-time mom was forced into the hospital with complications, and she eventually had an emergency C-section. But despite the dramatic delivery, Jill is relaxed about baby number two.
“There's a level of ease that comes with your second pregnancy,” she told PEOPLE. “Derick and I have been down this road together, so we're comfortable. I'm just going to see how it goes, try to be healthy and prepare as much as I can. But this time I know that labor is unpredictable.”
Counting On airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on TLC.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
New Zealand born and bred, Neville Crichton's humble beginning on a farm in the South Island is a far cry from where he is today, 72 years later.
Crichton is the executive chairman of one of the largest independent importer and distributor of vehicles in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa – the Ateco Group – an ex-competitive racing driver for a number of prestigious teams around the world including BMW and Ford, an avid yachtsman taking first place on a long list of regattas over the past five decades, and a serial yacht owner.
Over the past 50 years, Crichton estimates that he has owned over 50 boats in total – with a sizeable portion of those hailing from the shipyard he founded in the 80s: Alloy Yachts.
It was Crichton's passion for competitive sailing that led to the birth of Alloy Yachts and, subsequently, the jump-starting of the superyacht industry in New Zealand. Experiencing a sense of dissatisfaction with the sailing yachts on the market (“I just couldn't find a boat builder that I was confident in being able to do what I wanted them to do,” he remembers) lead Crichton to what would be Alloy Yachts' first vessel: Chanel.
Though Alloy closed its doors in 2015, Crichton talks about his latest interest with SuperYacht Times, the Dutch shipyard Feadship.
Just because motor is not Crichton's main passion, it doesn't mean that he doesn't strive for innovation and the creation of the very best. The motor yacht that probably most accurately demonstrates this is the 46.22-metre Feadship-built Como (now; Lady May), delivered in 2011.
Currently enjoying the Heesen Como, which he plans to sell next season after purchasing her in 2017, for Crichton, the next 12 months will be spent figuring out where he wants to build a new superyacht. With plans to build at Feadship again at some point, it will certainly be interesting to see what new innovations come from the mind of Neville Crichton on his next boat.
In 2012, Crichton was made a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to business and yachting.
Original article by Gemma Fottles, SuperYacht Times, January 22, 2018.
By Krista A. M. Montealegre,
National Correspondent
SAN MIGUEL Corp. (SMC) plans to further trim down its dollar-denominated debt, as the peso weakens and interest rates go up.
SMC Head of Treasury Eduardo Sergio G. Edeza told reporters on Monday the diversified conglomerate has reduced the share of foreign obligations to “less than 30%” of total debt from “a little over 40%” five years ago and intends to bring them down further to “as much as can be done.”
“For a local company, it is better to borrow in peso so all your costs are clear,” Mr. Edeza said on the sidelines of the listing of SMC's P20-billion fixed-rate bonds at the Philippine Dealing and Exchange Corp.
“If you can shift everything to peso, why not? The only constraint will be the absorptive capacity of the bond market and the (banks' single borrower's limit).”
San Miguel has been refinancing its dollar-denominated debt to temper foreign exchange losses. Proceeds from the latest P20-billion bond float — the third tranche of the company's P60-billion bond shelf registration earlier approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission — will be used to refinance existing foreign obligations or invest in its business units.
San Miguel, however, is not in a hurry to tap the remaining P10 billion worth of bonds and P30 billion worth of preferred shares under shelf registration unless it has to fund a big-ticket project.
“It is a timing matter because we just issued (P20 billion worth of bonds so). We'll have to wait,” Mr. Edeza said.
The SMC executive expects the peso to trade between the range of P49 to P52 to a dollar, with a break of the P52.50 level possibly triggering a further weakening of the currency.
The peso has been depreciating against the US dollar amid market concerns on the prevailing current account deficit following a surge in imports attributed to the government's infrastructure program.
San Miguel reported an 11% growth in recurring profit to P54.7 billion last year from P49.4 billion in 2016 on the back of the strong performance of its traditional businesses coupled with the positive results of its power and oil segments.
The core income excludes the impact of forex translation and the one-time gain from the sale of its telecommunications business last year.
SMC is embarking on a P700-billion capital expenditure program in the next five to seven years to further expand its infrastructure, fuel and oil, food and beverage, and power businesses.
Shares in SMC fell P1 or 0.71% to close at P139.50 apiece on Monday.
Skillshare is an online education community with over 17,000 classes on anything you'd want to learn. One membership gets you unlimited access to expertly-taught classes on marketing, design, productivity, photography, and so much more. Usually Skillshare costs $8.25 per month, but you can sign up now and get two free months to try it out.
by
BrandonClayScouting.com Player Information
Name: Jenna Gallimore
Height: 5'8″
HS Grad Year: 2021
Position: PG/SG
School / Hometown: Meade County HS (Brandenburg, Ky.)
Club Team: Central Kentucky Sparx
BrandonClayScouting.com Player Evaluations
BrandonClayScouting.com Social Media Updates:
#PSBEndOfRoad: Just watched #SMPMember
'21 Jenna Gallimore (KY) Continues to show her improving skill set and ability to knock down shots pic.twitter.com/lqc0affHEE — Kris Watkins (@KrisWatkinsPSB) September 23, 2017
#SMPMember🍑 Recruiting Program Platinum Status I'll work with ‘21 G Jenna Gallimore (KY) during her HS career starting at #PSBEndOfTheRoad pic.twitter.com/c0z9yzII6D — Brandon Clay (@BrandonClayPSB) September 22, 2017
Welcome Jenna Gallimore to #CoachHemi513 Skilled guard who continues to develop Cincy, OH | Sept. 16https://t.co/YV215HJexQ pic.twitter.com/2qIzh8tFMk — Jonathan Hemingway (@JLHemingwayPSB) September 14, 2017
Brandon Clay is the owner of the JumpOffPlus.com International Report, Peach State Basketball, Inc., and ProspectsNation.com. The JumpOffPlus.com is picked up by more than 200 colleges and universities nationwide. In addition to serving as ProspectsNation.com WNBA Director of Scouting, Clay serves as the Executive Camp Director for the Elite Basketball Academy Camps. He is a McDonald's All-American Game Selection Committee member. Clay serves on the Naismith Trophy Men's / Women's College Player of the Year Academy and is the National Coordinator of Voting for the Boys / Girls All-American Teams. He has been involved in the community since 2001. You can reach Clay at BrandonClay@PeachStateBasketball.com
Molly Sims‘ beloved dog Poupette has died.
The 44-year-old model and actress posted an emotional message on Instagram Friday, mourning the loss of her four-legged BFF.
“Today I said goodbye to my sweet Poupette,” Sims captioned a photo of her and her late dog. “She has been my MVP for almost 19 years. She found a way to mend my broken heart and bring me sunshine on my darkest days. She was my constant in a world that never stopped moving.”
“From walking the runways with me, traveling to Paris and New York, breakups, love, marriage and 3 babies .. Whether I was poor, rich, single or married— she loved me unconditionally,” Sims continued. “My dear Poupette you gave us 6 babies… Chloe, Thumper, India … so many amazing memories and a LOVE that can never be replaced. You are forever in my heart and a part of this Tribe of 5.”
Molly Sims Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic
Sims then went on to thank fans for their support during her loss. “To all the people who were sweet, kind and loving to her— I CANNOT express how much I appreciate ALL of you,” she wrote. “Thank you @stephanedessaint. … Thank you Tori @balancedpetvet for being so supportive and helpful during this tough time ❤ You're the best at what you do.”
“Poupette— you were the BEST GIFT I EVER GOT,” Sims added. “Thank you to all the amazing vets who helped my sweet Poupette live her best life until the very end.”
Her message ended with a touching note: “I am sure she is now living her dream eating the best treats in heaven with her brother Dukey,” Sims wrote. “I ❤you more than you will EVER know. 🙌🏼😭😇 RIP🐾 POUPETTE You will be forever with me. #LEGEND.”
RELATED VIDEO: Two Months Before Her Due Date, Khloé Kardashian Mourns the Death of Her Dog Gabbana
Sims is one of the most recent celebritys to mourn the loss of a beloved dog.
In January, Chelsea Handler took to Instagram to share the sad news that her beloved pup Chunk had died. “So many people loved him,” Handler wrote of her German shepherd-Chow mix, who she rescued from a kill shelter in 2009. “I really appreciate that and so did he.”
On Wednesday, Good American mogul and soon-to-be mom Khloé Kardashian said goodbye to her loyal dog Gabbana too — writing on Instagram, “She was more than a pet. She was my first child, my companion and my friend. She was incredible!”
Christina Aguilera and Jordin Sparks also recently lost their beloved pooches.
The meteoric rise in smartphone usage is leading to profound changes in how consumers today engage with the content across multiple screens. India is experiencing fast-paced growth. There are 780 million total number of television viewers and 359 million total number of smartphone users. SET believes the future of home entertainment lies in unleashing the Power of TV + Digital. Dus Ka Dum Convergence initiative.
Celebrating average India's power of observation, the app will converge viewers' data with the show content. Aptly positioned as a ‘Definitive Guide To Today's India', this app will be the only way for the viewers to audition and get an opportunity to share the screen space with the show's original host and megastar, Salman Khan. The app will be exclusively available on Sony LIV – the digital arm of Sony Pictures Network (SPN).
Aimed at making Dus Ka Dum the most interactive television show in the world, the app will challenge the participants' ‘power of observation' about India and its people in separate phases; viz ‘Survey' leading to ‘Audition' and ‘Play Along' once the show launches. It is a first in the history of world television that viewers' insights received will form the backbone for the content in the form of probable questions in the show.
After downloading the app, users will have to answer simple yet quirky questions, reflecting their life, relationship, experiences, opinions and much more. These questions will be customized as per user profile and will be gamified across 40 levels. With every level, the user will not only gain more points but also get an inch closer to be a part of the game show along with winning exciting prizes. At every level, the app will create an intriguing trivia about the country, in the section ‘Kitne Pratishat Bhartiya', give a real-time update on user ranking through Leaderboard alongside incentivizing users for inviting more people on social media. To up the engagement quotient, the app will bring alive the charismatic show host, Salman Khan, via special fun video messages and give users an opportunity to record a ‘velfie' (Video Selfie) with the bhaijaan and share the same with the man himself.
Comments:
Danish Khan, Executive Vice President and Business Head, SET
“We believe in the power of convergence. We believe appointment viewing in Television for non-fiction show will be driven by interactivity. We believe it is time to use technology to provide an enhanced immersive experience to our audience through seamless entertainment flow across multiple screens. Dus Ka Dum is a blockbuster reality game show that is coming back to Indian television screen after a gap of 9 years with its original host, superstar Salman Khan and this convergence initiative will bring the show closer to our audience and generate an interactivity never seen before”
Amogh Dusad, SVP & Head Insights and Programming Strategy
“At Sony Entertainment Television we believe that second screen need not compete but complement television screen to deepen viewer engagement. With this convergence initiative, we are using technology to enable the two screens to interact and create a great experience for our audiences. We are proud to announce this first of its kind initiative that amasses data generated around the consumers' opinion & behavioral habits to form the content for the show. Being the world's first convergence initiative, this innovation in the realm of increasing interactivity across screens is expected to break new grounds.”
APP DOWNLOAD LINK to come on the show: https://dkd.setindia.com
PROMO LINK: Below is the link to download brand-new Promo featuring the original host, Salman Khan, who guides you on the way to be part of the show.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1748895868466502&id=122069694482469&refsrc=
THE GOVERNMENT is pursuing plans to revive the Subic Bay International Airport before the second quarter of next year, the state Transport chief said in a press briefing on Wednesday where other economic managers reiterated the commitment to push major infrastructure projects despite current delays.
Transportation Secretary Arthur P. Tugade said that his department has been in “serious talks with the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority (SBMA)… already to buhayin ‘yung airport (revive the airport).”
“The way I see it, I think sa tamang panahon magiging operational… siguro hindi aabutin ng first or second quarter next year (it is time to make the airport operational… maybe before the first or second quarter),” Mr. Tugade said in a media briefing in New Clark City in Tarlac.
He cited the need to upgrade the airport's safety equipment as a primary task.
“If you give life to the airport, which has been inoperable for a number of years, you have to look at the structure. The problem is the aviation instrument component… (so) that the airplane will land in a safe basis,” said Mr. Tugade, who first bared the intention to revive the airport in late 2016 after President Rodrigo R. Duterte assumed office.
The Subic Bay International Airport was FedEx's Asia delivery hub before that facility closed down in 2009.
SBMA in April announced that it had signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Asian Business Aviation Association (AsBAA) during the Asian Business Aviation Conference & Exhibition 2018 on April 17 in Shanghai, China to develop the airport “for business aviation.” Under that MoU, AsBAA will help develop the airport's infrastructure “as well as assist in operations at the airport, while offering business aviation services in the Philippines through Subic.”
SBMA had quoted its chairman and administrator, Wilma T. Eisma, as saying she wanted Subic's airport — which has been one of the facilities considered to help decongest Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Metro Manila — to focus on business and general aviation; maintenance, repair and overhaul services; and charter flights, leaving passenger aviation to Clark International Airport.
The national government has been moving to decongest Metro Manila by developing Clark and Subic freeport areas and improving links between these sites. In April, the National Economic and Development Authority approved the P50-billion 71.13-kilometer railway project that will connect Subic Bay Freeport Zone to Clark Freeport Zone.
In the same briefing yesterday, economic managers assured that the government has been pulling all stops to speed up infrastructure development now that the administration is approaching its halfway point.
Addressing the observation that official development assistance (ODA) financing has not been as prompt as initially hoped, Finance Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III acknowledged that foreign governments' “procedures can be tedious and long, but it is required by the citizens of that country because it is their money.”
“So we just have to live with that. That is a requirement all over the world… That it is the requirement of the people themselves through their legislators that makes the projects take a long time,” he added.
“I'm not making any excuses. We're going as fast as we can.”
Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto M. Pernia earlier said that China-funded projects have not been moving as fast as those bankrolled by Japan. “Japan just made their project processing fast and sure…” Mr. Pernia said.
Mr. Dominguez said that the government has been meeting with its Japanese and Chinese counterparts once every four months to address implementation backlogs.
Public Works and Highways Secretary Mark A. Villar said that civil works for the China-funded Estrella-Pantaleon and Binondo-Intramuros bridges will be “starting in July,” while the Chico River Pump Irrigation project will start later this year.
STILL FASTER
Asked whether the government will shift to private sector funding if ODA-funded projects will continue to be delayed, Mr. Dominguez replied: “You know the PPP (public-private partnership) is also very long.”
“We've done a study on how long PPP is: from project submission to start of the project is 30 months.”
He even noted that one private sector-funded project was delayed for 60 months after proponents filed lawsuits against each other.
Mr. Dominguez said the government will still proceed with the hybrid-PPP procurement model where government or ODA funding will kick-start the project while the private sector will be tapped for operation and maintenance.
“Our method of using our financing is working, is faster,” he insisted.
“So again, you know, it's not as fast as many would wish, but we are pushing ahead. It's moving forward quickly.”
Mr. Dominguez also took note of certain proponents seeking revenue guarantees from the government in some PPP contracts in the past.
“The banks like that because they take no risk. I think if you're the private sector, you should take a risk to make your profit,” he said.
“Don't ask the government to take away the risk component… why charge a higher rate to users if the financing cost is higher than ours. There's a hidden guarantee all the time… why should there be a profit if there's no risk?”
BUILDING THE STATE'S ASSET BASE
Moreover, the Finance chief said that government-led projects could be privatized in the future to raise revenues.
“While we are doing all these projects ourselves, the government is building up asset base that is going to be very large,” the Finance chief said.
“Future governments that may need money can privatize them. We can afford to do it now.”
ODA-financed projects aren't only the ones facing backlogs, with Mr. Tugade saying that Surigao airport's rehabilitation and the Light Rail Transit (LRT)-1 extension project have been slightly delayed.
“We're trying to do a catch-up plan so that the improvement and the renovation in Surigao will come in a reasonable time… It's a little bit delayed because the fund was supposed to come from another agency so we had to wait,” Mr. Tugade said.
“The LRT-1 Baclaran-Bacoor plan, we have targeted it to be completed and operational by 2021,” the Transport chief added.
“Starting actual construction is a bit delayed now, but we're doing a catch-up with the local government units involved and hopefully we can still meet 2021.”
‘ALL OF US ARE IMPATIENT'
Bases Conversion and Development Authority President Vivencio B. Dizon, for his part, said: “All of us are impatient.”
“But I can tell you the most impatient person who really wants to get things done as fast as possible for everybody is the President of the Philippines. So we understand the impatience and this is because of neglect of past governments,” Mr. Dizon claimed.
“You're going to see things progress even faster as we go through the next months.”
The Cabinet officials presented to journalists yesterday the site of the 40-hectare New Clark City Government Administrative Center Phase 1 that will house satellite offices of all the branches of the government.
The center will have a one-stop-shop “Business Continuity Center,” a disaster risk and recovery center and a sports complex that will be the venue for the 2019 South East Asian games which are all expected to become operational before 2020. — E. J. C. Tubayan
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Erika Girardi gave it her all on Monday's Dancing with the Stars Disney week — but she said she didn't have a choice in doing so.
Entering week five, the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star was feeling discouraged following her week four performance.
“I've just never really felt that disconnected from an audience. I've never really felt this way ever,” Girardi told pro partner Gleb Savchenko during rehearsals.
“I think I should be performing better than I am. I think I'm capable of that. Maybe I'm just holding back. Doesn't feel good,” she added.
During rehearsals, Girardi didn't hold back and broke down in tears in the arms of Savchenko.
“Erika's very frustrated with herself,” he explained to cameras. “We definitely need to do something different.”
For their week five performance, the couple chose the song “Unforgettable.”
“This is one of my favorite songs and one of my husband's favorite songs and I remember driving late at night listening to this and him singing it to me,” she recalled. “The fact that I love this song and I enjoy dancing to it, you know, could be just what the doctor ordered as far as working through and being vulnerable in front of everyone. … It's a pretty song.”
Savchenko added: “I believe in Erika. I think if she opens up and she trusts herself, she can really do a great performance.”
And Girardi was right. After performing her beautiful Viennese Waltz on Monday, the couple earned a solid 32/40 for their number — and rave reviews from the judges.
“It was an honest performance my darling,” said Bruno Tonioli.
“I saw you just open up,” added Carrie Ann Inaba. “Forget princesses — you were a queen.”
Said Len Goodman: “I loved the routine. … It was terrific. Well done.”
Added Julianne Hough: “I know it must be really hard to hear that you're in jeopardy and then get out here and dance and so for you to come out here and give everything that you had, we felt that. … Your connection tonight was outstanding. It was beautiful.”
Speaking with host Erin Andrews after the performance, Girardi said she “had no choice” in her breakthrough dance.
“I was broken down and just had to pull it out. There it is,” she told her. “It feels wonderful. It's very scary, obviously, it's a scary moment.”
\
Unfortunately, Girardi's week five dance was her last. After being announced as one of the two remaining couples in jeopardy — alongside Nick Viall and Peta Murgatroyd — the RHOBH star was sent home.
“It was incredible. I mean, I did have a breakthrough. I've had a wonderful time. Thank you all so much,” Girardi told Andrews and Tom Bergeron. “It was an incredible experience.”
Dancing with the Stars airs Mondays (8 p.m. ET) on ABC.
CEO of Lukoil company Vagit Alekperov talks to journalists at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum 2016 (SPIEF 2016) in St. Petersburg, Russia, June 17, 2016. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
NOVO-OGARYOVO, Russia Russian's second biggest oil producer, Lukoil, has decided not to sell off its network of filling stations, Lukoil Chief Executive Vagit Alekperov said on Thursday at a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
"The retail business is in a crisis situation, oil refining and the retail business are under pressure from the new tax realities," Alekperov told Putin at their meeting, at the presidential residence outside Moscow.
"There was an idea to sell (Lukoil's retail business), the management did not agree. We are now optimizing our network."
(Reporting by Denis Pinchuk; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Vladimir Soldatkin)
New Mexico officials: 'Leave the fireworks to professionals'
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — New Mexico officials are asking residents to leave the fireworks to the professionals as the state struggles with drought and wildfires.
Two national forests and parts of another remain closed, putting a damper on holiday camping plans.
The forests that are open prohibit campfires and managers across numerous jurisdictions have other restrictions in place to limit the chance of people sparking fires. That includes strict rules when it comes to fireworks.
State Forestry spokeswoman Wendy Mason is urging people to attend one of the professional shows planned around the state.
So far this year, there have been 450 fires on state and private land. Mason says that's nearly double during the same period last year.
The acreage burned so far this year is seven times more than last year.
April 20 Mycronic Ab (Publ)
* Q1 EBIT was SEK 159 mln vs year-ago 32 mln
* Q1 net sales reached SEK 676 mln vs year-ago 344 mln
* Q1 underlying EBIT was SEK 208 mln vs year-ago 32 mln
* Q1 order intake reached SEK 653 mln vs year-ago 794 mln
* Says it is board's assessment that net sales in 2017 will be at level SEK 2,800 million. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The interview raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Michael T. Flynn his job as national security adviser.
A Spiral In Pegasus (Header Image)
This NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope image shows a spiral galaxy known as NGC 7331. First spotted by the prolific galaxy hunter William Herschel in 1784, NGC 7331 is located about 45 million light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus (the Winged Horse).
[Read more]
Jupiter's Stormy North
While at first glance the view may appear to be in Jupiter's south, the raw source images were obtained when Juno was above the planet's northern hemisphere looking south, potentially causing a sense of disorientation to the viewer.
[Read more]
The Tarantula Nebula
This image of the dramatic star formation region 30 Doradus, also known as the Tarantula Nebula, was created from a mosaic of images taken using the HAWK-I instrument working without adaptive optics.
[Read more]
Lupus 3
This dense cloud is a star-forming region called Lupus 3, where dazzlingly hot stars are born from collapsing masses of gas and dust. This image was created from images taken using the VLT Survey Telescope and the MPG/ESO 2.2-metre telescope and is the most detailed image taken so far of this region.
[Read more]
The Penguin And The Egg
This image of distant interacting galaxies, known collectively as Arp 142, bears an uncanny resemblance to a penguin guarding an egg. Data from NASA's Spitzer and Hubble space telescopes have been combined to show these dramatic galaxies in light that spans the visible and infrared parts of the spectrum.
[Read more]
Bound By Gravity
This image from the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope reveals a glistening and ancient globular cluster named NGC 3201 — a gathering of hundreds of thousands of stars bound together by gravity. NGC 3201 was discovered in 1826 by the Scottish astronomer James Dunlop, who described it as a "pretty large, pretty bright" object that becomes "rather irregular" towards its center.
[Read more]
The Latest: Merkel says EU seeks to avoid trade war with US
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the trade dispute between China and the U.S. and plans for both sides to impose tariffs on each other's exports (all times local):
4:15 a.m.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, but Washington needs to join in that effort.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
Merkel told the German parliament Wednesday: "It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that." She added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners.
___
11:00 p.m.
U.S. authorities are allowing China's ZTE Corp. to resume some business with American companies, temporarily easing part of a ban imposed over the tech giant's exports to Iran and North Korea.
The Commerce Department's order this week follows a settlement under which ZTE agreed to pay a $1 billion fine, replace its executive team and hire U.S. compliance officers.
The order said ZTE will be allowed to conduct business with American companies to maintain existing telecom networks and mobile phones and to support security features. The suspension lasts through Aug. 1.
ZTE suspended most operations after it was banned in April from buying U.S. components and technology. The company had been paying American suppliers an estimated $1.8 billion annually.
Because of these conflicting roles, he was viewed as a saint and martyr by some ... others viewed him as an autocrat who would not relent power over the Papal States.
Thomas
Lester
Feb. 7 marks 140 years since the death of Pope Pius IX, whose tenure, upon further reading, proved incredibly tumultuous due to the political events taking shape in Italy during the 19th Century.
Pope Pius IX was born Giovanni Maria Mastai Ferretti on May 13, 1792, in Senigallia, Italy. At age 10, he entered a college in Volterra run by the Piarists, but withdrew in 1809 due to poor health. He would recover and resume studies in Rome, and was ordained a priest on April 10, 1819.
Over the next eight years he would serve at an orphanage, travel to Chile and Peru where he gained an interest in missionary work, and return to serve in a Roman hospice before being appointed Bishop of Spoleto in 1827, and then of Imola in 1832. During the latter, in 1840, he was elevated to cardinal, and on June 6, 1846, five days after the passing of Pope Gregory XVI, was elected his successor.
Since the early 19th century, the process of Italian unification had been underway, moving toward the eventual unification of all provinces into a single Kingdom of Italy in 1861. During this era, the pope was still the head of a temporal as well as a spiritual kingdom, with several provinces on the Italian peninsula comprising the States of the Church, or Papal States. With such an unstable political situation, electors saw Pius IX as a safe choice in that he was a native to these states, and therefore free of outside influence, and a moderate reformer who would appease both the liberal and conservative political elements.
His first years were met with great acclaim as he appointed more liberal reformers to key positions within his curia. He also improved relations with various nations, signing concordats with Russia (1847), Spain (1851) and Austria (1855), as well as reestablishing the Patriarchate of Jerusalem following discussions with the Ottoman Empire (1847).
Support soon waned, however, as pressure grew for the Papal States to join the unification movement. It is believed Pius IX favored Italian unification, seeing his primary role as spiritual leader of the world's Catholics as incompatible with his role as the leader of an Italian State, but at the same time was worried by perceived anti-clerical sentiments within the movement. The situation deteriorated as economic depression gripped the area, and in 1848 his prime minister was assassinated, causing him to flee Rome on Nov. 24, 1848.
A Roman republic was declared, but Pius IX returned to the city with the help of French soldiers on April 12, 1850, resuming his role as leader of the Papal States. Regardless, his was not a position of strength, and in 1860 much of the territory belonging to the Papal States joined the unification movement; the French troops once again the only thing preventing Rome from joining them. Finally, on Sept. 20, 1870, Rome was occupied and the temporal power of the pope effectively ceased.
Because of the complex events surrounding the rule of Pius IX, it would be unfair to offer judgement without a more in-depth study. As the leader of the Papal States he signed the aforementioned concordats with several European nations, but failed to stabilize the situation in his own provinces where the people were suffering, or adapt to changing political climate surrounding unification.
As a spiritual leader, he began revitalizing Catholicism in Germany, expanded the Church's missionary work, and established over 200 dioceses and missionary districts around the world. He also defined the Immaculate Conception in 1854 which caused an increase in Marian devotion; published the Syllabus of Errors which argued for the basic rights of the Church amongst a growing tendency toward reason, which had anti-religious undercurrents; and called for the First Vatican Council spanning 1869 to 1870. While he is acknowledged to have strengthened the Church within, with it came a centralization of power that would eventually be a source of concern and conflict with some Catholic nations.
Because of these conflicting roles, he was viewed as a saint and martyr by some, especially following the occupation of Rome. At the same time, others viewed him as an autocrat who would not relent power over the Papal States.
The archive holds several documents authored by Pius IX, including circular letters such as his explanation of the Immaculate Conception and Syllabus of Errors, as well as a few pieces of personal correspondence between himself with Bishop John B. Fitzpatrick and Bishop John J. Williams whose leadership of this diocese coincided with his papacy. It was Pius IX, in fact, who elevated Boston to an archdiocese in 1875.
Thomas Lester is the archivist of the Archdiocese of Boston.
Comments
By Scott T. Sterling
Pop singer Rachel Platten is set to return with a new album, Waves, which will be released on Oct. 27.
Related: Rachel Platten Debuts New Single ‘Broken Glass'
“I loved making this album, I've never felt so free creatively,” Platten revealed in a press statement. “I wrote all of these songs without getting in the way, and I just let whatever needed to come through me just come. I worked out a lot of heavy stuff on some of the songs and cried on my piano at 3 a.m. some nights, but I also woke up some days and jumped into the ocean and felt amazing and just wanted to write songs I could dance to. This album is raw and it's emotional, but it's also fun and sweet and it's real. It's honestly just all of me and I am so damn proud of it.”
Among the producers on Waves include OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder and Stargate.
Check out the full tracklist for Platen's new album below.
1. Perfect For You
2. Whole Heart
3. Collide
4. Keep Up
5. Broken Glass
6. Shivers
7. Loose Ends
8. Labels
9. Loveback
10. Hands
11. Fooling You
12. Good Life
13. Grace
TOKYO (Reuters) - The United States, Japan and South Korea will hold two days of missile tracking drills starting on Monday, Japan's Maritime Self-Defence Force said, as tensions rise in the region over North Korea's fast-developing weapons programmes.
The United States and South Korea conducted large-scale military drills last week, which the North said made the outbreak of war “an established fact”.
North Korea has fired missiles over Japan as it pursues nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in defiance of U.N. sanctions and international condemnation. On Nov. 29, it test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States.
This week's exercises will be the sixth drills sharing information in tracking ballistic missiles among the three nations, the defence force said.
It did not say whether the controversial THAAD system would be involved. The installation of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system in South Korea has angered China, which fears its powerful radar could look deep into China and threaten its own security.
North Korea's missile test last month prompted a U.S. warning that North Korea's leadership would be “utterly destroyed” if war were to break out. The Pentagon has mounted repeated shows of force after North Korean tests.
A U.S. Air Force F-35A Lightning II assigned to Hill Air Force Base, Utah, conducts a training flight with F-16 Fighting Falcons assigned to Kunsan Air Base, South Korea over the city of Gunsan, South Korea. Courtesy Josh Rosales/U.S. Air Force/via REUTERS
The United States has also pressured China and other nations to cut trade and diplomatic ties with North Korea, as part of international efforts to dry up Pyongyang's illegal cash flows that could fund its weapons programmes.
On Sunday, South Korea said it would impose new unilateral sanctions on 20 institutions and a dozen individuals in North Korea, barring any financial transactions between those sanctioned and any South Koreans.
“This unilateral sanction will prevent illegal funds flowing to North Korea and contribute to reinforce international communities' sanctions against North Korea,” South Korea's finance ministry said in a statement.
The move is largely symbolic as trade and financial exchanges between the two Koreas have been barred since May 2010 following the torpedoing of a South Korean warship, which the North denied.
Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said the ministry plans to include 730 million yen (£4.78 million) to help build a new missile interceptor system, the Aegis Ashore, in its next fiscal year budget request, public broadcaster NHK reported.
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, Japan and the United States and says its weapons programmes are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War.
DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates said on Saturday that four of its soldiers died after their helicopter crashed during a routine mission in Yemen, the official news agency WAM reported.
They were "carrying out their normal mission in the Shabwa governorate in Yemen, where their helicopter had technical failure, which led to an emergency landing and hitting the ground," the agency said.
The UAE is part of a Saudi-led coalition formed in 2015 to fight the Iran-aligned Houthi group, which controls most of northern Yemen and the capital Sanaa, in a war that has killed more than 10,000 people and displaced more than 3 million.
Ariana Grande has praised the people of Manchester for remaining "unified" after the tragedy of the Manchester terror attack.
The 24-year-old singer had just finished performing at the Manchester Arena on May 22 last year when a suicide bomber claimed the lives of 22 concert goers and injured hundreds more.
Ariana returned to the city a week later to host the One Love Manchester benefit concert to help raise funds for those involved, and has now praised those in attendance for helping to turn something "heinous" into "something beautiful".
She said: "The fact that all of those people were able to turn something that represented the most heinous of humanity into something beautiful and unifying and loving is just wild. We're in such a trying time and people have been responding with acceptance, love, inclusion, and passion. This generation, they're standing up and they're not going to take no for an answer."
The 'No Tears Left To Cry' singer has been trying to put her heartache into her music following the atrocity, but says it's "still so hard to find the words" to describe how she's felt in the year since the attack.
She added: "I guess I thought with time, and therapy, and writing, and pouring my heart out, and talking to my friends and family that it would be easier to talk about, but it's still so hard to find the words."
Despite struggling to find the right words, Ariana admits she was left in tears "10 hundred times" during the recording process for her new album.
Speaking to the Summer Music issue of Fader, she said: "I cried 10 hundred times in the session writing it for you. Here is my bleeding heart, and here is a trap beat behind it. There's definitely some crying-on the-dancefloor stuff on this one. I've never been this vulnerable to myself. I feel like I graduated almost. I feel like for a long time the songs were great, but they weren't songs that made me feel something the way these songs do."
Thinking of pulling a Kourtney Kardashian and trying intermittent fasting? Nutritional expert Naomi Whittel explains how it works and the potential benefits.
“An intermittent fast is basically a window of controlled eating,” Whittel tells PEOPLE. “Scheduled eating is when you eat for eight hours within the intermittent fasting hours. So you don't eat for 16 and you do eat for eight and those have to be consecutive hours,” she says.
“It's like a metabolic confusion, so your metabolism is almost forced to do a better job. [Your body] never knows exactly what's happening and it's really, really healthy for us. It improves our immune systems.”
Whittel says she based her new book, Glow15: A Science-Based Plan to Lose Weight, Revitalize Your Skin, and Invigorate Your Life, on the Nobel Prize-winning science of autophagy, which she describes as “cellular detox.”
“We all have a mechanism inside our bodies that, when switched on, can literally help us to live more youthfully, with more energy, to lose weight,” the 44-year-old founder of Reserveage Nutrition says. “We activate [autophagy] through natural exercise and foods.”
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
While some experts have concerns over the sustainability of intermittent fasting long term, Whittel stands by her claims.
“This is a lifestyle, it's allowing ourselves to detox and cleanse and be more youthful,” she says. “Once I hit 40, it was evident to me that I was aging more quickly than I should be. That was due to chronic stress. I was CEO of the company and I was experiencing accelerated aging.”
Besides fasting, her plan involves special teas that “boost metabolism,” a guide to less intensive (and more effective) workouts, and advice for better sleep — all with the goal of activating autophagy in the body. Whittel says those who follow the plan should see results in 15 days.
Glow15 is on sale now.
April 10 AlixPartners:
* Statement regarding Jaeger in administration
* Peter Saville, Ryan Grant, Catherine Williamson of AlixPartners appointed joint administrators over Jaeger, Jaeger Shops, Jaeger Company's Shops, The Jaeger Co
* Appointment made at request of Jaeger's directors after co being unable to attract suitable offers despite sales process
* "Regrettably despite an extensive sales process it has not been possible to identify a purchaser for the business"
* At time of appointment co employs approximately 680 staff across its 46 stores, 63 concessions, head office in London and logistics function in Kings Lynn
April 20Rainbow Department Store Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 3.6 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) to shareholders of record on April 27, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 28 and the dividend will be paid on April 28
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/0GvMg2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
In this image made from a video taken on Dec. 10, 2015 and made available on Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017, US President Donald Trump's former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, right, shakes hands with Russian President Vladimir Putin, in Moscow. Flynn, who resigned following reports that he misled White House officials about his contacts with Russia, was seen attending the 10th anniversary of the Russian television network RT in 2015 where Russian President Vladimir Putin gave a speech. A US official has told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day the Obama administration imposed sanctions on Russia after US intelligence reported that Russia had interfered with the US elections. (Ruptly via AP) Handler and co-owner Kent Boyles guides Rumor, a German shepherd around the ring for the Best in Show competition during the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017, in New York. Rumor won Best in Show. (AP Photo/Julie Jacobson) This image provided by Star TV on Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017, of closed circuit television footage from Monday, Feb 13, 2017, shows a woman, left, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia, who police say was arrested Wednesday in connection with the death of Kim Jong Nam, the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. (Star TV via AP)
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. INVESTIGATIONS INTO RUSSIA TO CONTINUE AFTER FLYNN'S EXIT
Democrats contend an independent investigation is the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia, a notion rebuffed by the GOP.
2. WASHINGTON MULLS DRAMATIC SHIFT IN POLICY AS NETANYAHU GOES TO White House
The Trump administration suggests peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — how this might actually be possible is not made clear.
3. ARREST MADE AFTER KIM'S HALF BROTHER KILLED
News of the apparent assassination of the North Korean leader's sibling ripples across Asia and Malaysian police say they have arrested a woman in connection with Kim Jong Nam's death.
4. WHAT'S IN STORE FOR MATTIS IN BRUSSELS
NATO defense ministers hold two days of talks focused on military spending, terrorism and relations with Russia.
5. INSPECTION REPORT REVEALED CRACKS TO CALIFORNIA DAM
An expert says the cracks on the Oroville Dam spillway surface could let water tear through the concrete if not properly repaired.
6. STUDY: MOST DRIVERS, NOT JUST YOUNG, ARE TAKING RISKS
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, the AAA Foundation says.
7. BOEING VOTE TELLS NEXT CHAPTER IN SOUTHERN UNIONIZATION
If successful, the balloting would send a message to politicians that workers in South Carolina are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas.
8. PRODUCE AISLES IN SWEDEN GOING HIGH-TECH
Laser beams create tattoo-like patterns — in this case the product's name, country of origin and code number — ostensibly replacing labels and plastic packaging.
9. WHO THREE-PEATED AS SWIMSUIT QUEEN
Kate Upton again graces the cover of Sports Illustrated's annual issue, becoming only the fourth woman to do it three times.
10. CALL THIS COMEBACK A ‘RUMOR'
Rumor is crowned America's top dog when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, the German shepherd came out of retirement to win best in show at Westminster.
___
This story has been corrected to delete the reference in No. 3 to the woman being Vietnamese. She was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, but it is unknown if she was from Vietnam.
JERUSALEM A Palestinian stabbed and slightly wounded four people along Tel Aviv's beachfront on Sunday and was arrested, police said, describing the attack as terrorism-related.
A wave of street attacks by Palestinians in Israel and the occupied West Bank since October 2015 has previously killed 37 Israelis, two American tourists and a British student. At least 242 Palestinians have died during the period of sporadic violence.
Israel says at least 162 of the Palestinians killed had launched stabbing, shooting or car ramming attacks. Others died during clashes and protests.
The incident in Tel Aviv occurred along its popular seaside promenade. The Magen David Adom ambulance service said four people, three in their 50s and one aged 70, were slightly wounded and taken to hospital.
Security camera footage showed the assailant accosting several people in a hotel lobby. The owner of an art gallery in the area told reporters he also entered her establishment, punching her in the ear and stabbing her before fleeing.
"It is a terror-related incident," a police spokesman said. The suspect was identified as an 18-year-old Palestinian man from the West Bank.
Israel has accused the Palestinian leadership of inciting anti-Israeli attacks. The Palestinian Authority, which exercises limited self-rule in the West Bank, denies incitement and charges that in many cases, Israel has used excessive force in thwarting attackers armed with rudimentary weapons.
(Reporting by Jeffrey Heller; editing by Clelia Oziel)
A woman from North Florida is being heralded a hero after her quick thinking helped saved a man's life. Claire Lawry says she was driving near the Bay Center Tuesday when the incident, Lawry describes as “something straight out of a movie” occurred before her eyes.
Lawry says she stopped at the corner of Gregory and Alcaniz when a driver sped past her. When she looked up she noticed the driver seemed to be in distress.
“As he went past me I noticed he was clutching his chest and leaning back in his seat. It became apparent to me he may have been having some cardiac trouble, and he lost control of the vehicle and ran up on the train tracks,” Lawry said.
Lawry says she then noticed that the man was unconscious and that a train was headed in their direction. Immediately Lawry called 911, screamed for help. A passerby then jumped onto the tracks to alert the train operator of the incident while others attempted to render aid to the driver.
Officers were not only thankful for Lawry's quick thinking, they were also thankful that they were in a part of the city where the speed limit for trains is must lower.
“Fortunately, they were in the city where the speed limit is slower for trains. If this had happened on Scenic Highway, it could have been different,” said Officer Mike Wood.
The man in the car was conscious and alert when he was transported to the hospital. There was no further word on his condition.
The post Woman Rescues Unconscious Man Stuck on Train Tracks appeared first on 850 WFTL.
OTTAWA — A Supreme Court of Canada decision has moved a British Columbia First Nation a big step closer to receiving financial compensation for the loss of its traditional lands in the 19th century.
In a split decision released Friday, the high court restored a tribunal ruling in favour of the Williams Lake Indian Band, which had argued the pre-Confederation colony of British Columbia failed to protect its territory from encroaching settlers.
The band also said Canada neglected to adequately remedy the wrong following B.C.'s entry into Confederation in 1871.
Instead of reclaiming the band's ancestral village lands, Canada set aside different, nearby territory for the First Nation.
A majority of the Supreme Court justices said the federal specific-claims tribunal "reasonably found" that both pre-Confederation British Columbia and Canada had failed to live up to their obligations to the band.
"A just resolution of these types of claims is essential to the process of reconciliation," Chief Justice Richard Wagner wrote on behalf of the majority.
Williams Lake Indian Band Chief Ann Louie said the members were "elated" with the high court's ruling.
"For over 150 years our chiefs and elders have been saying that we were unlawfully pushed off our village lands," Louie said in a statement. "This decision from our country's highest court clearly says our dispossession from these lands was wrong."
The band is one of 17 communities of the Shuswap Nation, which traditionally lived around Williams Lake, harvesting game, fish and berries.
The lands would become the south-central B.C. municipality of Williams Lake, 540 kilometres north of Vancouver, with a population of about 10,500.
× Joe's Weather Blog: So many 90s with a another small break coming (WED-7/4)
Good afternoon…another toasty day out there today with temperatures popping into the mid 90s in the region and with dew points in the 70-75° range…it's all summer out there again. There is a very weak cold front that more importantly will take those oppressive dew points down over the weekend…so at least it will be a bit more bearable out there but the overall pattern is hot as usual it seems…and more 90s are coming next week. Perhaps a lot more.
Forecast:
Tonight: Fair skies and warm with lows in the mid 70s
Thursday: Hot and humid with highs into the low>mid 90s. There may be some storms out there though, especially later in the day and in the evening as a cold front drifts into and through the area. Some of those storms could have some 60 mph winds…although the higher risk appears to be in N MO right now.
Friday: Partly sunny and still warm with highs well into the 80s to near 90°. The dew points will be dropping slowly as the day moves along though. Small storm chance
This weekend: Nice with highs 85-90° and dew points that are going to be very OK for July. That means more comfortable mornings and evenings ahead.
Discussion:
The oppressive weather that's out there today is rather widespread. Many areas from the Midwest through the eastern US are hot and humid.
Actual forecast highs today….
From northern Maine (!) to the SW…pretty toasty. There is some rather pleasant air across the far western Plains and into the northern Rockies though!
Here are the current temperatures…
and the “feels like”/heat index values…
Portland, ME has already set a record high today of 92° and it's just lunchtime!
The areas outline in orange below represent heat advisories…the pink…excessive heat warnings and the red…excessive heat watches
So there is some relief showing up nicely. This has been talked about for a awhile now and the only question is IF we can get some needed rains from this relief…because IF not…next week isn't too promising for moisture.
That front will sort of ease through the area…odd to me that the model data isn't showing more convection with it…even the models that typically blow up storms are sort of restrained somewhat right now with the storm chances later tomorrow. Tough to imagine that their isn't anything out there considering the instability that will be around tomorrow afternoon but the best instability looks to be farther north towards the IA border and that seems to be the more favored area for storms too generate. Then we'll have to rely on outflow from the storms to perhaps generate additional convection closer to home later tomorrow or tomorrow evening.
That type of deal is sort of a feast or famine type thing. Would I be surprised if some get 1-2″ of fast hitting rains…no. Would I be surprised if many don't get a drop…nope. Be hopeful but don't be surprised if you don't get the rain you want.
Friday's chances still don't look great to me but IF something can form towards the central parts and northern parts of KS…there can be some drifting towards our area…so it's something to pay attention too.
Drier air and cooler air moves in for the weekend.
Then the heat recirculates back into the area next week. Monday we transition back into the 90s and from there once again lots of mid 90s are expected (give or take a couple of degrees) into next week.
I've been keeping track of the run of 90s this year. Today will be the 23rd day. Average is 41. At some point this summer…100° days are coming as long as we're still in the process of drying out. Odds are it's just a matter of time.
Our feature photo comes from ‎Cassidy Russell‎
Joe
Canada Day 2018 was supposed to be Cannabis Day, as we became the first industrialized country to officially legalize recreational marijuana.
Alas, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's bold vision has once again bumped up against reality, and it will be mid-October beforeprovinces pull together the systems required to take over distribution and regulation.
All Ottawa had to do was pass a law and slap an excise tax of a dollar a gram on recreational sales. B.C. has to create and regulate a production, warehouse and retail store system, enforce an age limit of 19, a public possession limit of 30 grams, a home growing limit of four plants, and step up its existing efforts to control drug-impaired driving.
B.C. has chosen to mirror its alcohol sales system for the new era. The Liquor Distribution Branch will have a wholesale monopoly and open stand-alone “BC Cannabis Stores” staffed by unionized liquor store employees with additional training. But as with liquor retailing, private stores will be allowed to compete, as long as they can get provincial and local approval.
The province is about to experience a reality check too. Walking around downtown Victoria, I see a pot store every couple of blocks in some places. Some have city licences, some don't. Most pretend to be medical dispensaries, selling buds with nameslike “Bubba God” and “Gorilla Glue” because they're, you know, medicine.
These dispensaries claim their pot comes from federally licensed medical producers, but that's often fiction too. B.C. has something that is now called a “craft cannabis” industry that the B.C. government is trying to keep from killing off, while somehow weeding out our world-famous organized crime producers.
Kootenay MLAs are worried that legalization is going to collapse a large part of their local economies, as big greenhouse factories take over. The recently formed B.C. Independent Cannabis Association is predicting there will be a huge shortage of legitimate product, starting the day legalization takes effect. And no one expects the drug gangs to go quietly.
There is still no approved roadside test for pot impairment, although police in B.C. have been given the same 90-day roadside suspension authority they have for drinking and driving. And there is another problem, with the state of the Liquor Distribution Branch.
The government quietly released a report in late June, detailing the struggles of craft beer, cider and spirits producers with the provincial distribution monopoly. The NDP government, like the B.C. Liberals, loves the craft industry like it loves B.C. wineries, but you wouldn't know it from the way they're being treated.
Craft cider producers describe the out-of-date system they deal with. Those who produce cider with only B.C. apples are lumped in with the LDB's “pre-mixed cocktails and coolers” in the “refreshments” category.
“It finds itself categorized with products such as Mike's Hard Lemonade, Growers and other ‘cooler'-style beverages that are generally made with high levels of sugar, artificial flavouring and the addition of spirits,” craft producers say in the report.
The “refreshments” category comes with a 73 per cent wholesale markup, which is the government's cut. For a bottle of commercial vodka, by the way, it's 124 per cent. This tells you why the LDB hasn't yet comprehended what “craft cider” actually is. It took years of political attention to bring the wholesale markup for craft beer down to 12-14 per cent.
What will the LDB's wholesale markup be for craft cannabis, or for that matter any cannabis? They're still working on that, but so far they haven't figured out they're killing craft cider.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca
@tomfletcherbc
tfletcher@blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
April 10 Fluor Corp:
* Fluor selected by Marathon for contract at two Texas refineries
* Fluor Corp - Fluor will book undisclosed contract value into backlog in Q1 of 2017
* Fluor Corp - selected by Marathon for contract at two Texas refineries Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AURORA | The Aurora prep sports schedule for Monday, Dec. 11, 2017:
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor. Reach him at 303-750-7555 or sports@aurorasentinel.com. Twitter: @aurorasports. FB: Aurora Prep Sentinel
AURORA PREP SPORTS SCHEDULE, 12.11.17
BOYS BASKETBALL
Eaglecrest at Boulder, 7 p.m.
Valley at Aurora Central, 7 p.m.
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Legend at Smoky Hill, 7 p.m.
Regis Jesuit at Grandview, 7 p.m.
WASHINGTON, April 28 U.S. President Donald Trump will sign an executive order on Friday that seeks to expand offshore oil and gas drilling to areas currently off limits, in his administration's latest move to expand domestic energy production.
The order could lead to a reversal of bans on drilling across swathes of the Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic oceans and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico that former President Barack Obama sought to protect from development.
"It is better to produce energy here than be held hostage by foreign entities," Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke told reporters on Thursday in a briefing about the executive order, which will be called the America-First Offshore Energy Strategy.
Trump campaigned on a promise to do away with Obama-era environmental protections that he said were hobbling energy development and undermining U.S. national security without providing any tangible benefits. Industry cheered but environmental advocates were enraged.
Zinke said the order will require him to review and replace the Obama administration's most recent five-year oil and gas development plan for the outer continental shelf, which includes federal waters off all U.S. coasts.
The order will also reverse Obama's move to place parts of the Arctic permanently off limits to drilling, and encourage more seismic surveying to determine which areas are likely to hold rich reserves of oil and gas.
In addition, under the order Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will review previous presidents' designations of marine national monuments and sanctuaries under the 1906 Antiquities Act over the last 10 years.
Weeks before leaving office, Obama banned new oil and gas drilling in federal waters in the Atlantic and Arctic oceans, protecting 115 million acres (46.5 million hectares) of waters off Alaska and 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic from New England to the Chesapeake Bay.
On Wednesday Trump signed a separate order to examine areas of federally managed land to determine if they were improperly designated as national monuments by former presidents, rendering them off limits to development.
Environmental groups, including Oceana and the Center for Biological Diversity, criticized the new executive order and promised to fight it in court. They pointed out the order comes seven years after a large oil spill from a BP platform in the Gulf of Mexico, which had prompted them to urge a slowdown in offshore oil development.
Democratic senators also opposed the order, saying it could threaten the fishing and tourism industries. (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Jeffrey Benkoe)
BREMERTON, Wash. — Deputies arrested three people suspected of breaking into three marijuana businesses overnight in Kitsap County.
According to the sheriff's office, witnesses saw a car fleeing the scene of one of the burglaries and called 911. Dispatchers sent police to the location of the speeding car. Deputies began pursuing the car which then crashed in a ditch at Highway 16 and Tremont Avenue in Port Orchard.
Deputies used the help of a K9 to arrest the suspects — two adults and one juvenile — after a short chase on foot into the woods.
“Citizens working with law enforcement to make our community a safer place to live, work and visit.”
Investigators did not identify each of the businesses, but said they were marijuana shops in Gorst, Bremerton and on Charleston Beach Road.
MILAN Serie A leaders Juventus withstood prolonged pressure as they held out for a tense 1-1 draw at third-placed Napoli in an absorbing match on Sunday.
Sami Khedira gave Juve a seventh-minute lead before Marek Hamsik finished off a flowing exchange of passes to score a superb equaliser on the hour and give Napoli a deserved point.
Gonzalo Higuain was given a hot reception by Napoli fans on his return to the San Paolo stadium following his acrimonious move last July but made little impact on the game.
There was plenty of drama elsewhere, with AC Milan's European hopes suffering a setback in a 1-1 draw at basement side Pescara after a rare mistake by 18-year-old keeper Gianluigi Donnarumma.
Genoa fans turned their backs to the pitch in protest during a 5-0 home defeat by Atalanta and Diego Falcinelli injured himself celebrating after his late goal in a 2-1 triumph at Chievo gave Crotone their first-ever Serie A away win.
Juventus, who have 74 points from 30 games, remained 10 points clear of Napoli although their advantage over AS Roma is down to six after the second-placed side's 2-0 home win over Empoli on Saturday.
Juve silenced the home fans when Khedira picked up a loose ball, played a one-two with Miralem Pjanic, and scored with a shot which went under the arms of Napoli keeper Rafael, who was standing in for the injured Pepe Reina.
After that, it was all Napoli as they penned Juve into their own half and managed 13 shots on goal to their opponents' three.
Napoli were forced to play the ball around in midfield for long periods probing for openings but their patience was eventually rewarded.
After a long exchange of passes, the ball found Hamsik who played a quick one-two with Dries Mertens, got free of the defence and side-footed his shot wide of Gianluigi Buffon.
Napoli were nearly gifted a second goal when Mertens intercepted Kwadwo Asamoah's backpass but could only shoot against the foot of the post from a narrow angle.
EARLY GIFT
Milan gifted Pescara an early goal when Donnarumma missed the ball completely as he tried to control Gabriel Paletta's back pass and it flew straight into the net for an own goal.
Mario Pasalic levelled before halftime but, despite dominating the second half, Milan failed to find a winner and were left seventh with 54 points.
They dropped four behind fifth-placed Atalanta, who were sent on their way when defender Andrea Conti met Leonardo Spinazzola's cross with a superb overhead kick after 25 minutes.
Alejandro Gomez helped himself to a hat-trick, including a penalty, and Mattia Caldara also scored while Genoa had Mauricio Pinilla sent off just after the hour. Genoa's hardcore Ultra fans turned their backs to the pitch after the third goal.
Crotone's Falcinelli curled in an exquisite effort in the 82nd minute to give his side a famous win which put them five points behind 17th-placed Empoli and the safety zone.
Falcinelli was so excited that he tried to jump over an advertising hoarding to celebrate but slipped and had to be carried off on a stretcher, though he said later that he had merely suffered a cut to his knee.
Torino's Andrea Belotti hit the post twice before finally scoring in the 83rd minute to secure a 2-2 draw at home to Udinese and take his season's tally to 23 goals in the mid-table clash.
Palermo's troubles continued as they lost 3-1 at home to Cagliari, putting them second-bottom and seven points adrift of the safety zone.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ken Ferris)
FILE PHOTO: Workers clean windows outside the Cape Town headquarters of Anglo-South African financial services company Old Mutual, March 7, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings/File Photo
HONG KONG/LONDON Old Mutual (OML.L) has put up for sale its 50 percent stake in a Chinese insurance joint venture, people with direct knowledge of the matter said, as part of a revamp of the Anglo-South African financial group and amid a tough market for foreign insurers in China.
Old Mutual, which is working with financial advisers on the stake sale plan, could sell its holding in the 13-year-old life insurance joint venture with Guodian Corp to one or more local firms, said the people.
The move is part of a broader Old Mutual group restructuring exercise to exit non-core and smaller operations, they said, adding there is no certainty a deal would happen and the company could end the process if the bids don't match its expectations.
An Old Mutual spokesman declined to comment, while an email sent to Old Mutual-Guodian Life Insurance Co Ltd did not elicit an immediate response.
Despite being the world's second-largest insurance market, restrictive ownership limits, capped at 50 percent for foreign life insurers, and tough local competition have weighed on foreign firms' operations and market share in China.
Chinese firms, including China Life Insurance Co (2628.HK), Ping An Insurance Group Co of China (2318.HK) and a host of mid-sized insurers dominate the local market, with foreign joint ventures owning less than a 10 percent share.
The restrictive ownership limit and the tough competition from local firms, many of them state-backed, have especially impacted the smaller foreign insurance joint ventures such as Old Mutual's in China.
In 2015, Old Mutual's share of profit in the joint venture was 2 million pounds ($2.50 million), as per its annual report. The venture's insurance business income in the fourth quarter of last year rose 12 percent to 118.4 million yuan ($17.16 million).
Given the venture's small size, it was not immediately possible to estimate the potential sale value of Old Mutual's stake, the people said. They declined to be named as they were not authorised to speak about Old Mutual's plan, which is not public yet.
Guodian is one of China's five major state-run power generation companies.
Old Mutual is in the midst of breaking up its business in four parts by the end of next year. The firm aims to list or sell its emerging markets business and is sharpening focus on its sub-Saharan Africa business.
The company sold a 25 percent stake in its Old Mutual Asset Management (OMAM.N) business last month to China's HNA (0521.HK) for $446 million, after selling its Italian wealth management business last year for $297 million.
Besides China, Old Mutual's Asia presence includes its life insurance joint venture in India with Kotak Mahindra Group.
(Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee in HONG KONG and Carolyn Cohn in LONDON; Additional reporting by Julie Zhu; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following his untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives he had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
After a lot of talk and some spirited debate — complete with a lesson from the county sheriff — the Chickasaw County Board of Supervisors voted 3-1 to keep the salaries of elected officials at the same levels they had already decided on in December.
At that time, the board voted 3-2 to reduce the salary recommendations of the compensation board by 60 percent.
The county sheriff will be paid $76,885, an increase of 5.5 percent. The county auditor will be paid $58,981, an increase of 7.3 percent. The county treasurer and county recorder will each be paid $58,973, an increase of 7.3 percent. The county attorney will be paid $101,163, an increase of four percent.
The salary numbers are just base salaries, and do not include the additional taxpayer money necessary to fund required employee benefits, such as health insurance and retirement savings. They will take effect for the fiscal year, beginning July 1, 2018.
Last year, the salaries were increased two percent across the board.
Members present Monday were chairman Jacob Hackman and supervisors Tim Zoll, Steve Geerts and Dan Carolan. Supervisor David Tilkes was absent due to illness. Several county employees and members of the public attended the meeting, which was moved from the boardroom to the upstairs courtroom in anticipation of a larger crowd.
Hackman said he wanted to revisit the salary issue after hearing from the public and looking at the salary recommendations of area counties.
"I put this back on the agenda after research done by the county attorney, to be sure we could revisit this motion," he said. "Other counties in this area have not given these seven-and-a-half percent raises, or six percent, or four percent. I'm asking the board to please revisit this and hold a discussion."
In late November, the county compensation board, consisting of members Roger Hansen, Mike Kennedy, Bill Meyer, Kurt Croell, Brian Quirk and Steve Lynch, unanimously recommended salary increases for all positions.
For more of this article, see Friday's Tribune.
Sweating what to give this holiday? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat. Grab some now and get 25% off your order.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Flowers were left in a mark of respect for the 27-year-old who died following an assault in Foxhill.
Forensic investigations continued on Monday (August 14) after the fatal assault.
Police officers and crime scene investigators spent the whole day on the Foxhill estate, near Sedgemoor Road, where the incident occurred.
Many residents had drawn their curtains and others were too concerned to speak about it.
(Image: paulgillisphoto.com)
Council contractors helped the police access drains and every drain from 40 Sedgemoor Road to the crime scene was checked. A large suction machine was used.
Gardens along the road were also searched by officers using a ladder.
It was confirmed in the early afternoon that three people had been arrested in connection with the incident, and that it was being treated as a murder inquiry.
Avon and Somerset police gave more information on the trio shortly after.
A 30-year-old was arrested in Bradford on Avon on suspicion of murder.
A woman, 27, was arrested in Bradford on Avon on suspicion of assisting an offender.
And a 44-year-old man was arrested in Bath on suspicion of affray, the force said.
(Image: paulgillisphoto.com)
A crime scene investigation major incident unit arrived on the scene directly across from Selworthy House.
At the northern end of Sedgemoor Road, a rubbish area with a communal bin was taped off.
Cordons were set up in numerous other parts of the estate. Sedgemoor Road was closed from Exmoor Road, with the cordoned off area including the road to the junction with Queen's Drive.
(Image: Paul Gillis)
Yellow forensic evidence markers with the words ‘Do not touch' were used.
A marker was placed on the footpath outside Selworthy House at about 12.30pm.
(Image: Paul Gillis)
Forensic experts in full uniform helped the investigation, carrying a box of blue rubber gloves and other equipment.
Meanwhile, police continued their search for evidence at the corner of Selworthy terrace and Sedgemoor Road.
Police confirmed in the morning that they were investigating three separate crime scenes.
the flat at Selworthy House where the assault took place
another address in Sedgemoor Road
back alleyways off Meare Road linking to Sedgemoor Road
(Image: Paul Gillis)
The alleyway pictured was taped off and a PCSO was deployed to guard the entrance.
Evidence was put into bags by 10.30am.
(Image: Paul Gillis)
Door-to-door enquiries were carried out.
Officers searched the area for evidence and combed the bins and gardens of homes.
Evidence markers were also placed near parked taxis.
(Image: Paul Gillis)
More of the yellow markers were placed inside the police cordon on Selworthy Terrace.
WHEN EARTH BECOMES SOUP Simple Experiment Illustrates How Liquefaction Occurs During An Earthquake
In this edition of "Physics Is Wacky And Makes No Sense," we learn that partially wet soil substantially loses strength and stiffness in response to applied stress — ya know, like a big old earthquake.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
For the past decade, unmanned aerial vehicles have been a cornerstone of America's campaign against Islamic insurgents in the Greater Middle East. Predator and Reaper drones crisscross the globe firing hellfire missiles on U.S. enemies. Other countries have operational drone fleets, but few match the might and ubiquity of America's.
But journalists on the front lines in Iraq have seen a disturbing new trend - Islamic State using retail quadcopters to drop their own munitions with surprising accuracy. Mosul is the frontline in the fight against ISIS as well as the frontline in a new arm's race. One that pits the tiny drones of the Islamic State against the budding anti-drone technology of the West.
To be clear, Islamic State's commercial quadcopters rigged with grenades and manufactured missiles is nothing compared to the power of a Predator firing off hellfire missiles with pinpoint accuracy. But that's cold comfort to a civilian killed by a handmade explosive dropped by a quadcopter over the streets of Mosul.
This week on War College, Wall Street Journal reporter Ben Kesling walks us through the drones of Islamic State. He's back from the fighting in Mosul and saw his share of quadcopters as well as the innovative solutions coalition and Iraqi forces are using to fight against them.
&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true">
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Police: 29 arrests at protest at Philadelphia ICE building
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Police say more than two dozen people were arrested at a protest at the Philadelphia headquarters of the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency.
Protesters who camped out overnight are calling for abolition of the agency, an end to family detentions and closure of a detention center in Berks County. They also want city authorities to stop sharing arrest and court information with the agency.
A police representative says about 75 protesters were blocking the entrance to the ICE headquarters building in the city, refusing to allow anyone to enter or exit.
Police say after several warnings, 29 arrests were made Tuesday. Those arrested were issued citations for failure to disperse and then released. Two people had minor scrapes and bruises, and one was taken to a hospital for treatment.
Donatella Arpaia is always ready to feed an army — maybe a little too ready according to her husband, Allan Stewart.
“He teases me like, ‘Why are you always cooking as if another eight people are showing up?' ” the Food Network star tells PEOPLE for this week's issue. “I don't know how to cook for a small amount of people.”
But soon, that will be less of a problem. At age 46, Arpaia, who shares 6½-year-old son Alessandro with Stewart, is pregnant with twins, due this fall — the result of a difficult journey toward expanding their family.
After many failed rounds of in vitro fertilization, the couple, who split their time between their lake house in New Fairfield, Connecticut, and Miami, where Stewart works, were about to stop trying and consider adoption.
“IVF is like a roller-coaster ride. It's not fun because of hormones, weight gain, and it's just a very painful process,” she says. “You get close and then it's destroyed.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Donatella Arpaia Randy Harris
RELATED: Donatella Arpaia Shares the Family Recipe That Started Her “Whole Career” As a Celebrity Chef
But then Alessandro woke his parents up one night to share a dream he'd just had. “He said, ‘God told me that you're going to have two babies — not one, but two babies,' ” recalls Stewart, 49, the chief of cardiac surgery at Miami Cardiac & Vascular Institute, who has two children from a previous marriage. ” ‘They're going to be a boy and a girl and their names are going to be Noah and Emma.' ”
Arpaia was inspired to give IVF one more try, and two months later, the stick turned blue. The celebrity chef admits she was shocked by “the fact that I even got pregnant,” but when she found out she was expecting twins, she was even more floored.
“At the doctor, when we first saw the heartbeat, I was like, ‘Oh my God,' and all of a sudden he just moved it to the left and there's another one,” she says. “I was in disbelief.”
Donatella Arpaia and family Randy Harris
RELATED VIDEO: My Food Story: Donatella Arpaia
“I didn't think it was possible, even as it was happening,” adds Arpaia who, along with serving as a judge on Iron Chef America, runs Prova Pizzabar in New York City. “Now that I'm getting bigger, it feels more real.”
Her advice to other women struggling to add seats to their own dinner tables: Don't give up. “I encourage my friends in their 30s to get their eggs frozen. There are so many options today — be open to exploring them,” she says.
“If you want it, nothing should stop you from having a family,” adds Arpaia. “It's the best thing I've ever done.”
For more on Donatella Arpaia and to get her grilled garlic-and-herb skirt-steak recipe, pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
Jiranuch Trirat, mother of 11-month-old daughter who was killed by her father who broadcast the murder on Facebook, stands next to a picture of her daughter at a temple in Phuket, Thailand April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Sooppharoek Teepapan
PHUKET, Thailand A relative of the Thai baby whose murder was shown on Facebook Live earlier this week said he was too distraught and intent on getting police to the crime scene to worry about getting the horrific videos taken down.
The gruesome incident this week highlights how those most affected by offensive content are usually too distracted to report it to the authorities. It also exposes the challenges that live streaming content poses to both governments monitoring for offensive material on the internet and the companies that host online content.
On Monday, in an abandoned building in the Thai seaside resort of Phuket, 20-year-old Wuttisan Wongtalay turned on Facebook Live from his mobile phone. Then he picked up his 11-month-old daughter in her pink dress, tied a rope around her neck and hanged her. A second short video briefly shows her lifeless body. After that, he turned off the camera and killed himself.
For the family of little Natalie Triratana, removing the videos was the last thing on their minds when they first popped up on Wuttisan's Facebook feed at around 4.50 p.m. on Monday.
Her mother's cousin, Suksan Buachanit, said he called Thailand's 191 police hotline to ask for help locating the building. By the time police and relatives found it, it was too late.
"A local reporter told me to report it (to Facebook) but we were all occupied at the scene," Suksan told Reuters in Phuket.
It took more than a day - and 370,000 views - before Facebook removed those few minutes of video. Thailand's digital ministry said even then it took five hours for the videos to be removed after the ministry contacted Facebook.
A Facebook statement called the incident "appalling" and said there was "absolutely no place for content of this kind" on the network. It did not respond to Reuters questions as to why it took so long to remove the videos.
CLEVELAND SHOOTING
For the social media company, with nearly 2 billion users, it was yet another case that exposed the challenges of quickly spotting and removing offensive content. The killing of the baby in Thailand followed the live broadcast shooting of an elderly man in Cleveland, Ohio.
In that incident, it took two hours to remove the video, bringing intense criticism on the social media giant and prompting it to promise "ways that new technologies can help us make sure Facebook is a safe environment". [L4N1HZ3EO]
It was unclear how many viewers alerted Facebook to the killing of the baby. Facebook did not respond to questions.
But by the morning the baby's murder had been reported in local media and was one of the most talked about stories in Thailand. Several local and international journalists told Reuters they had reported the videos to Facebook Tuesday morning and asked the company for comment.
The head of Thailand's police's Technology Crime Suppression Division, Supachet Chokchai, said he was alerted to the baby murder videos by police in Phuket but he declined to say when that was. The division monitors online content ranging from anti-monarchy content to fraudulent websites. It also has a hotline for the public to call in tip-offs about offensive content.
Nor would Supachet say when police then asked the digital ministry to get in touch with Facebook. The ministry said by the time police reported the videos on Tuesday afternoon it had already heard about them from an anonymous tip-off and had told Facebook.
The ministry contacted Facebook through a "direct channel" at noon on Tuesday, according to Somsak Khaosuwan, the ministry's deputy permanent secretary. He did not elaborate on what the direct channel was or say whom the ministry contacted at Facebook.
It was only just after 5.00 p.m. - about five hours later and more than a full day after the videos were first streamed - that Facebook took them down.
ILLEGAL AND HARMFUL CONTENT
Thai police said they would review ways to take down online content after the killing.
Police blamed the delay partly on the time difference between the United States, where Facebook is headquartered, and Thailand. They did not explain at exactly which stage the time difference had proved problematic, however.
A spokesman for the police also said the force was tight on staffing.
Thailand, along with other authoritarian governments in Asia, is more geared up to monitor politically sensitive content online.
Censorship has been ramped up since a 2014 coup and hundreds of websites have been blocked or shut down for content deemed inappropriate or offensive.
Thailand is further tightening controls on internet users.
This week, Thailand's national telecoms regulator ordered all internet service providers to block web content deemed illegal by the courts within a week or face having their licenses revoked.
Thailand is also working on a cybersecurity bill that would allow the state to conduct large-scale surveillance in the name of national security by wiretapping telephones and computers without the need for court approval.
(Additional reporting by Amy Sawitta Lefevre and Panarat Thepgumpanat in BANGKOK; Editing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre, Matthew Tostevin and Bill Tarrant)
Lucy Pearson of Horse & Hound picks out equestrian jewellery that could be perfect for the horse-lover in your life.
1. Pégase Diamond ring
This ring is made with pavé diamonds and two cabochon sapphires set in white gold, expertly crafted into the shape of Pegasus, the mythical winged horse. The ring wraps around the finger with the white gold mane falling around it.
RRP: £31,200
Visit: uk.boucheron.com
2. Roberto Coin Flexible Horse cuff bracelet
This 18 caret rose gold flexible cuff bracelet features a stunning horse head, sculpted with an enamel finish, and adorned with diamond accents in white gold — with a price tag to match.
RRP: £20,776
Visit: londonjewelers.com
3. Tiffany Horseshoe pendant
This pendant includes 18 brilliant diamonds set in platinum and hangs on a 16” chain. The total caret weight indicates that if all the diamonds where one big diamond, it would be about 3.8mm in diameter and of a very high quality. Wow.
RRP: £2,250
Visit: tiffany.co.uk
4. Galop Hermès bracelet
This bracelet is made with 18 carats rose gold, set with a dreamy diamond and fits a wrist size of 14.5-15 cm.
RRP: £4,010
Visit: uk.hermes.com
5. David Webb Zebra bracelet
This amazing piece of art is made with cabochon rubies, brilliant-cut diamonds, black and white enamel, 18-carat gold and platinum. A stunning piece that will wow any room you enter.
RRP: £53,494
Visit: davidwebb.com
6. Gucci White gold horsebit ring
Another 18-carat white gold piece, but this time from Gucci. Made in Italy, this horsebit ring contains hand-set diamonds, totaling 0.45 carat. All Gucci gold, platinum and diamonds are certified by the Responsible Jewellery Council whose mission is to promote responsible, ethical, social and environmental practices that guarantee human rights throughout the gold and diamond supply chain, from mines to retail.
RRP: £ 3,230
Visit: gucci.com
7. Cartier Juste un Clou White gold and diamonds earrings
image: https://keyassets.timeincuk.net/inspirewp/live/wp-content/uploads/sites/14/2017/08/Juste-un-Clou-White-gold-.png
Juste un Clou translates as “only a nail” — and we think these earrings could possibly be interpreted as farrier nails (just don't look too close) for the equestrian enthusiast. They are made with 18-carat white gold, set with 176 brilliant-cut diamonds totalling 1.26 carats.
RRP: £20,700
Visit: cartier.co.uk
Kelly Osbourne says her parents are “still going strong” 36 years after saying “I do.”
The daughter of Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne shared a photo from the couple's wedding day in honor of their anniversary on Wednesday. In the snap, a blonde Sharon looked at her new husband, who matched her in an all-white ensemble.
“Happy Anniversary Mum and Dad 36 years and still going strong,” Kelly captioned the post. “Thank you for showing me what true love is 💜.”
Kelly shared the same photo with a similar caption last year in honor of the duo's 35th anniversary.
The couple married in 1982, and share three children: Kelly, 33, Jack, 32, and Aimee, 34.
In May 2016, The Talk co-host and the Black Sabbath musician split after 33 years of marriage when reports surfaced that Ozzy allegedly had an affair with his hairstylist.
However, they were able to reconcile, and they renewed their vows on Mother's Day 2017 in Las Vegas.
“For me, this was actually our real wedding day. This is the one that I will remember. Sharon and I have been through so much, and this honestly feels like a new beginning,” the 69-year-old rocker told Hello! Magazine about the intimate ceremony.
“I made a huge mistake,” he continued. “Without Sharon, I am nothing. I love her. I can honestly say that I have never loved anybody other than my wife.”
Ozzy Osbourne and Sharon Osbourne David Fisher/REX/Shutterstock
Ozzy Osbourne and Sharon Osbourne Greg Doherty/Getty
Sharon previously opened up about how she fell back in love with her husband after his infidelity nearly shattered their marriage.
“Thirty-five years with someone is a hell of a long time. And I think I fell out of love with my husband and then fell back again,” she admitted while on The Talk.
The now-65-year-old noted it was Ozzy's goal to better himself that helped her find love again.
“Probably, really, just months ago because he was trying so hard to be a better person — desperately trying, working his program, working with his therapist every day and trying so hard,” said Sharon.
“I just had a newfound love,” she continued, “and I respected him because he's seriously trying to be a better person.”
BUENOS AIRES, April 6 Argentina's protectionist policies toward the sugar business are preventing it from reaching its full potential as a producer of the sweetener, the head of the Luxembourg-based agricultural conglomerate Adecoagro told Reuters in an interview on Thursday.
The company, founded by Argentine businessmen, has invested $1.2 billion in sugar and ethanol production in neighboring Brazil, the world's top sugar producer.
"Argentina has natural competitiveness, but it needs to change many things. The system is very antiquated compared with Brazil," said Mariano Bosch, co-founder and executive director at Adecoagro, in an interview during the World Economic Forum on Latin America in Buenos Aires.
"There are a ton of regulations that don't allow sugar to be competitive, since it's been protected for 20 years."
Argentina is expected to produce 2.1 million tonnes of sugar in the 2016/17 crop year, three-quarters of it destined for the domestic market, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Brazil is looking to include sugar on the list of tariff-free goods within regional trade bloc Mercosur, which also includes Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay. But the Argentine government, despite its support for free-trade measures more broadly, has resisted amid sugar producers' opposition.
President Mauricio Macri's administration has said it could double the minimum percentage of ethanol, made with corn or sugar cane, required in fuels within three years. The minimum level is currently set at 12 percent.
"That of course would be a positive sign for the business by putting it at the same level as Brazil," Bosch said.
Brazil, the world's second-largest ethanol producer after the United States, currently requires biofuels to make up 27 percent of gasoline sold in the country.
Adecoagro plans to increase its level of sugar processing in Brazil to 14 million tonnes within five years, up from 11 million tonnes annually at the moment.
Bosch said Adecoagro could begin manufacturing ethanol from sugar cane in Argentina as well, once the country's future policies for the industry were clearer.
"It's something we have in mind," he said. (Reporting by Maximiliano Rizzi; Writing by Luc Cohen; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Josh Carr, Theatre Contributor, brings information on the different Theater Performances that you could attend around town this weekend. Listen in as he does a review on the different plays and venues in San Diego Area
* Nabiullina says rate cut possible next week
* C.bank will choose between 25 and 50 bps cut
* Nabiullina voices the clearest commitment since in governor seat (Adds detail, quotes, analysts' comment)
By Darya Korsunskaya and Andrey Ostroukh
MOSCOW, April 20 Russia's central bank is likely to consider cutting its key interest rate by 25 or 50 basis points when policymakers meet next week, governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Thursday.
Her comments were the clearest indication of the bank's thinking on rates since mid-2013.
Nabiullina told an annual meeting at the finance ministry that a faster than expected slowdown in inflation had opened the door for a rate cut at the bank's April 28 meeting.
"I even suppose that at the next board meeting, which will take place in a week from now, a 25 and 50 basis point rate cut will be discussed," she said.
Annual inflation has hit a post-Soviet-era low of 4.1 percent, data released on Monday showed, although it remains a touch higher than the bank's 4 percent target.
Nabiullina's suggestion that the central bank may be ready for a 50 basis point cut, which would bring the key rate to 9.25 percent, means the pace of monetary easing this year could be quicker than previously thought.
The central bank, which last cut its key rate to 9.75 percent from 10 percent in March, has previously said that borrowing costs should remain 2.5-3 percentage points above inflation to ensure monetary policy remains moderately tight.
"When carrying out monetary policy, we will stick to a weighed, accurate approach, taking into account risks and uncertainties, including dynamics of oil prices," Nabiullina told the gathering at the finance ministry.
The rouble lost a few kopecks to 56.35 versus the dollar from 56.30 seen shortly before Nabiullina's comments. Rising oil prices, however, propped up the rouble, sending the dollar to 56.2 as of 1237 GMT.
Her latest comments resemble the practices of the U.S. Federal Reserve, said Alexander Polyutov, an economist at Promsvyazbank.
"Our central bank has been (aiming) towards global standards for the past few years. The inflation-targeting policy is to give signals, provide guidelines ahead of the week of silence," Polyutov said.
Russian central bank officials are not allowed to make any comment or offer hints on monetary policy for a week ahead of any rate decision. The next "week of silence" starts at 1030 GMT on Friday.
Nabiullina also said on Thursday that daily purchases of dollars had had a limited impact on the rouble and that concerns about higher inflation had not materialised.
The central bank started buying dollars for the finance ministry's depleted coffers in February. Sources told Reuters the purchases went ahead only after the central bank won assurances it could distance itself from the operations, viewed as forex interventions by market players. (Additional reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Catherine Evans)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - Breitburn Energy Partners LP (BBEPQ.PK) has received a $1.8 billion full cash offer from Lime Rock Resources, according to court papers filed on Friday, a surprise bid that could blow open the oil and gas producer's bankruptcy reorganization plan.
A four-day bankruptcy confirmation hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan ended last month after a bitter valuation battle between Breitburn and its shareholders.
Parties were awaiting a ruling from U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Stuart Bernstein, who is overseeing the case, when Breitburn revealed in a letter to the judge that it had received the bid from Lime Rock, an oil basin acquirer and producer.
“The Lime Rock Resources team seeks to bid aggressively and to remain patient and flexible in negotiations,” the company said in a Jan. 31 letter to Breitburn that was filed with the court on Friday.
Houston, Texas-based Lime Rock's $1.8 billion “stalking horse” offer, which is an initial bid on a bankrupt company's assets, tops a $1.6 billion enterprise valuation by Breitburn's investment bank.
The official committee of equity holders said they believed Breitburn was worth $3.8 billion following a spike in oil prices since the company filed for bankruptcy in 2016. They argued in court that Breitburn had low-balled its valuation in order to favor creditors who stood to gain control over its assets.
Breitburn's reorganization plan envisioned splitting its assets into two companies, one created through a $775 million rights offering and the other through a debt-for-equity swap.
A group of unsecured creditors led by Elliott Management Corp and WL Ross & Co were set to own Breitburn's Permian Basin reserves in Texas through their participation in the rights offering, while creditors with $793 million of debt would own a second company with oil reserves in California, the Rocky Mountains, the U.S. Midwest and Southeast.
Following news of the Lime Rock bid, the equity committee asked the court to reopen the record to submit the new evidence and called for a hearing on Feb. 13.
The stakes are high for the equity holders because Breitburn is structured as a “master limited partnership,” which provides tax advantages when the company is profitable.
But when such companies file for bankruptcy, investors who hold their units can lose an entire investment and still be hit with a tax bill because the debt canceled in the bankruptcy is treated as income.
Breitburn said it has given Lime Rock until March 9 to complete due diligence.
That great thing about Seiko:
Seiko is a true watchmaker that caters to adventure sports as much as the impeccable gentlemen in suits, but the strangest factor is when it comes to durability and precision, you can't differentiate – rather discriminate – between them at all! All the difference you can point out is regarding their features and functionalities, which vary according to the purpose they are built to serve. But then again, it's surprising the way Seiko fits in all the outdoor features into their urban-use models, which the Seiko Sportura World Time Solar Chronograph SSC483P1 Mens Watch is a brilliant example of.
The spurring Sportura tale:
The Seiko Sportura World Time Solar Chronograph SSC483P1 Mens Watch is an impressive, interesting and eclectic mix of sports and traveling functions within a somewhat dress demeanor, which is rare, at worst. Useful and utilitarian, the Seiko Sportura World Time Solar Chronograph SSC483P1 Mens Watch is one multi-purpose timepiece which will keep your company through Hell and high waters.
Where it came from:
Those who keep track of the way the watch world moves have already heard about the Prospex Marinemaster, which directly influences the making of the Seiko Sportura World Time Solar Chronograph SSC483P1 Mens Watch. It houses the same movement – Caliber V195 – running on Solar power and shares many of the design elements and philosophies that shape the Prospex. It comes as a boonto them who always wanted to own the same but were reluctant only because it does not fit the criteria of a regular urban-wear; now with the Seiko Sportura World Time Solar Chronograph SSC483P1 Mens Watch, you can put all your doubts to rest.
Offering the same level of professional specifications as the Prospex, the Seiko Sportura World Time Solar Chronograph SSC483P1 Mens Watch is perfect for the traveling executives. Besides, it allows tracking local and home time simultaneously and the simple dial layout makes it possible not to get confused when you are short of time to offer anything more than a short, quick glance. It will never need a battery replacement, which grants you the freedom to use the functions at will, without the fear of the power source running dry all in a sudden, unless you deliberately keep it in darkness throughout. Even then, a few minutes of exposure to bright sunlight is enough to get the Seiko Watches up and running. With artificial lights, it stretches to a slightly longer span.
End note:
The Seiko Sportura Mens Watch showcases its sports inspirations clearly. Additionally, with its alarm function, you can be rest assured you won't forget to start your next big assignment dead on time!
The hands and markers share the same profile as a yacht seen from the masthead and the sleek curves of the case remind you of a hull cutting through the waves. Prospex and the sea are made for one another. The SNJ001P was one of the love-at-first-sight watches for me. I first spotted this model at a watch store at the ground floor of the SOGO Department Store. I didn't have time to check it out but I stored the looks and styling of the watch at the back of my mind.
I had just a fleeting glimpse of it but the description of the watch was permanently carved at the back of my mind. The dial was simply a breathtaking sight and contrasts nicely with the heavily chromed case. Its bezel was adorned with city prefixes on an anodized black bezel insert. The rectangular push buttons were symmetrical with the watch case.
Visit Here For More Information : http://www.creationwatches.jp/
First-time buyers are already showing a strong interest in the government-backed mortgage scheme, which launched yesterday.
The plans allow those turned down by the bank to be granted a mortgage from local authorities.
According to Daft.ie, there was a 7 per cent rise in searches for properties in the lower tier up to 250,000 euro, which is in place for 19 counties.
Martin Clancy from Daft-dot-ie explains what the demand is like for the higher tier:
TOKYO, April 10 Japan's Nikkei share average rose on Monday as comments from a U.S. central banker lifted the dollar against the yen, bolstering exporter stocks, while rising U.S. yields helped financial stocks outperform.
The Nikkei gained 0.7 percent to 18,797.88, bouncing back further from Friday's four-month low.
Yet, in a sign of fragile market sentiment, it posted so-called "black candlestick", which means the market closed below its opening price, for eight sessions in a row.
That is the longest such streak under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, whose policy centres on boosting share and other asset prices through aggressive stimulus.
The broader Topix rose 0.7 percent to 1,499.65, led by 1.5 percent gains in banks.
New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley on Friday said there may only be a "little pause" in the central bank's rate hike plans this year. This contrasted with market interpretations of earlier comments that there may be a more significant delay in Fed tightening this year as it looks to shrink its balance sheet. (Reporting by Tokyo Markets Team; Editing by Sam Holmes and Amrutha Gayathri)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SAN MIGUEL Pure Foods Company, Inc. (SMPFC) is pushing back a planned follow-on offering (FOO) to the second half of the year.
The enlarged SMPFC's proposed share sale of P100-150 billion may happen in the “third or fourth quarter” to give investors a chance to digest the slew of stock rights offerings (SRO) in the market, a person familiar with the transaction told reporters on Monday.
Metropolitan Bank & Trust Co. and Bank of the Philippine Islands are aiming to raise a combined P110 billion from the stock market through SROs.
“We need to give the market a chance to (breathe),” the source said, adding that the lingering volatility in the stock market was also a factor in moving the timetable of the share sale.
SMPFC was originally looking at conduct the FOO by the second quarter of this year, subject to prevailing market conditions.
SMPFC may tap three foreign banks and two local banks to facilitate the transaction, the source said.
SMC is currently in the process of merging Ginebra San Miguel, Inc., and San Miguel Brewery, Inc. with SMPFC. The new entity will then be renamed San Miguel Food and Beverage, Inc. (SMFBI).
Upon the consolidation, SMFBI will have a public float of 4.3%, prompting the group to conduct a FOO in order to comply with the minimum public ownership rule of 15%.
SMPFC earlier said it will be spending P56 billion to P60 billion in capital expenditures in the next three years. This will allow the food business to account for 21% of parent's total revenues by 2020, against its revenue contribution of 16% back in 2016.
SMPFC booked a consolidated net income growth of 16% to P6.9 billion in 2017, following a 5% increase in revenues to P117 billion.
The food company reported consolidated revenues from the feeds, poultry, and fresh meats segment climbed 6%, due to better sales complemented by favorable prices of chicken and fresh meat products.
Shares in SMPFC lost P2 or 0.32% to end at P617 each on Monday. — Krista Angela M. Montealegre
WASHINGTON — Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer, a lobbyist and a member of the Capitol police force were shot Wednesday in Alexandria, Virginia, during a Republicans' early-morning practice ahead of a charity baseball game.
Federal law enforcement officials identified the alleged shooter as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, who died following a shootout with authorities.
At least six people including Scalise, the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip, were hospitalized.
Scalise was in critical condition after suffering damage to internal organs, and his injuries will require additional operations, according to a MedStar Washington Hospital Center medical update late Wednesday.
“Congressman Steve Scalise sustained a single rifle shot to the left hip. The bullet traveled across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding,” MedStar said in a statement put out by Scalise's office. “He underwent immediate surgery, and an additional procedure to stop bleeding. He has received multiple units of blood transfusion. His condition is critical, and he will require additional operations. We will provide periodic updates.”
A congressional staffer, Zach Barth, was also shot in the leg and has since been released from the hospital. Matt Mika, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods and former congressional staffer, was also identified as one of those shot. He was out of surgery and in critical condition as of Wednesday afternoon, his family said in a statement.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said two members of the Capitol Police — Crystal Griner and David Bailey — were injured Wednesday.
In a statement, Capitol Police said Griner was in “good condition in the hospital having been shot in the ankle,” and Bailey “was treated and released having sustained a minor injury during the incident.”
Trump made a surprise visit to MedStar Washington Hospital Center around sunset Wednesday.
He sat next to Scalise's bed and spoke with the congressman's family, according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer. He also spoke with Griner and her wife, as well as hospital doctors.
A senior administration official said the mood inside the hospital was somber during Trump's visit, which came hours after Scalise emerged from surgery still in critical condition after suffering a single rifle shot to his hip.
Rep. Roger Williams, a Texas Republican whom Barth works for, was also hospitalized and released with an injury to his leg.
Lawmakers described a chaotic scene during the shooting. Many members of the congressional GOP baseball team were huddled in a dugout while Capitol police — who were part of Scalise's security detail — and local Alexandria police engaged in a shootout with Hodgkinson. Congressional and law enforcement sources described it as a “deliberate attack.”
Traces were still being done on the two firearms recovered at the scene — an SKS rifle 7.62 (which is a Chinese-made AK variant) and a 9 mm pistol on Wednesday, a law enforcement source tells CNN.
House Republican and Democratic leaders called for unity, while President Donald Trump said in an address from the White House that the prayers of the nation and world are with Scalise.
“Congressman Scalise is a friend, and a very good friend,” Trump said. “He's a patriot. And he's a fighter. He will recover from this assault — and Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation, and frankly the entire world. America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.”
Ryan condemned the shooting and praised the Capitol Police on the House floor later Wednesday.
“We are united. We are united in our shock. We are united in our anguish. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said, drawing a bipartisan standing ovation.
Members practicing for traditional baseball game
Members of Congress were practicing for a charity baseball game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park. Rep. Martha McSally, R-Arizona, said the game will still go on as scheduled. The annual game has been played since 1909, and McSally said lawmakers applauded the announcement at an all-members meeting.
Rep. Joe Barton, who manages the Republican team, told reporters that the Fallen Officers Fund has been added to the charities that will receive the proceeds.
Rep. Mike Doyle, who manages the Democratic team, said at the same conference that his team would host the Republican team at the Democratic club for dinner to reflect Wednesday.
“Some of them have probably never set foot in that building,” he joked.
Lawmakers describe a terrifying scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice taking place at a field where they've practiced for years, when suddenly shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.
Members described Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base, where he had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist him until he could be evacuated. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN “it would have been a massacre” without the Capitol Police officers present.
“Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police,” Paul said on CNN. “It would have been a massacre without them.”
“We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with,” Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks said.
Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
“Fifty (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure,” Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Brooks said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn't say anything.
Shooter identified
Hodgkinson's Facebook page is largely political, and his profile picture is a caricature of Bernie Sanders as Uncle Sam.
The Facebook feed is filled with anti-Trump sentiments such as “Trump is guilty and should go to prison for treason.”
He also “liked” a political cartoon that suggested that Scalise should be fired. On March 22, he posted “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.”
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said both in a statement and on the Senate floor that he had learned the shooter had volunteered on his Democratic presidential campaign — and that he condemned the shooting “in the strongest possible terms.”
“I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign,” Sanders said.
“I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms,” he said. “Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values.”
Capitol Hill increases security, cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill, where security was increased and many regular proceedings were canceled or postponed.
In his remarks, Ryan also said he'd been moved by an image of members of the Democratic congressional baseball team huddled in prayer after learning of the shooting.
“Every day we come here to test and to challenge each other. We feel so deeply about the things that we fight for and the things that we believe in. At times, our emotions can clearly get the best of us. We are all imperfect. But we do not shed our humanity when we enter this chamber. For all the noise and all the fury, we are one family,” Ryan said.
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday, and many hearings were delayed. The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation.
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased “out of an abundance of caution.”
Members of Congress targeted in the past by violence
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Rep. Gabby Giffords, D-Ariz., in January 2011. Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a “Congress On Your Corner” event outside a Tucson grocery store. Giffords, who authorities said was the main target of the shooting, survived the attack, but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured.
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
CREATE SHARE INSPIRE
Share your best work and inspire our worldwide creative audience. Curated work will be featured and promoted on our social media channels!
An Oklahoma woman who was hit by a car in New York City four years ago is getting her happily ever after — again.
On October 25, 2013, Angela Sartin-Hartung, 55, suffered a traumatic brain injury after she was hit by a NYPD traffic enforcement vehicle on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, according to The New York Daily News.
When she woke up from a medically induced coma at NewYork-Presbyterian Weill Cornell hospital a month later, she couldn't remember the past 10 years of her life — including her husband.
According to DNAinfo, video of the accident showed Sartin-Hartung crossing the street against the light and making her way across the intersection when she was hit by a NYPD vehicle. Sartin-Hartung eventually reached a $2 million settlement with the city of New York.
“I have no memory of this car hitting me,” Sartin-Hartung told DNAinfo in 2017. “Now I have no memory of the last 15 to 16 years.”
In fact, when she first woke up, Sartin-Hartung thought she was still married to her first husband, who died in 1998, and believed her teenage daughter was still a toddler, the Daily News reported.
Sartin-Hartung had remarried in 2000 to Jeff Hartung, a ceremony she couldn't recall, the outlet said.
In the years that followed, the couple moved away from New York to Oklahoma and focused on rebuilding their relationship and getting to know each other again.
“Every single day is about making new memories now. I'm very fortunate because I get to do that again. My life wasn't taken,” Sartin-Hartung told the Daily News.
And on June 16, they will renew their marriage vows in a Central Park ceremony, the Daily News said.
“We've worked so hard all this time, to get to the point with this marker. We're going to turn the corner and start this new phase. The wedding is definitely that marker, then we're going on vacation,” Sartin-Hartung's husband told The Daily News.
The couple also wants to share the “untold story” about traumatic brain injuries.
“People don't always get to see all the grace and mercy and love that can come out of tragedy,” Hartung told The Daily News. “We want to show the other things that come out of a tragedy as well.”
For now, Sartin-Hartung said she is “getting excited” about her upcoming nuptials.
“My memory is still completely gone, and it takes me a lot to remember to get excited about things, but I have pictures all over the house of Jeff and me, and he's just such an awesome man. It makes me cry,” she told the outlet.
× Former VCU coach Jeff Capel takes over for Coach K — temporarily
DURHAM, N.C. — Former VCU head men's basketball coach Jeff Capel will take over at Duke after Mike Krzyzewski announced he would undergo lower back surgery.
Recovery time for Coach K's surgery — to remove a fragment of a herniated disc — is about four weeks. Krzyzewski will undergo the procedure on Friday.
“We have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time,” Krzyzewski said. “During my recovery process, the team will be in the capable hands of Coach Capel, Coach James and Coach Scheyer.”
Coach K said he would return to the court once doctors cleared him to do so.
Capel, Duke's associate head coach since 2014, will take over the team January 7 when Duke plays Boston College at Cameron Indoor Stadium.
Capel left VCU in 2006 when he became the head coach at the University of Oklahoma.
As VCU's head coach, he led the Rams to a 79-41 record over four years.
Capel, who played at Duke from 1993 to 1997, was just 27 years old in 2002 when VCU promoted him from assistant coach to head coach.
Duke lost its ACC opener to Virginia Tech on Saturday.
April 10 Majesco Ltd
* Majesco Ltd says two tier speciality insurers renews application management services agreement for three years with Majesco
* Majesco Ltd says co to provide end to end support to a number of key operational systems Source text: bit.ly/2oYmL99 Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 6 Investors pulled $11.9 billion from U.S.-based stock funds during the latest week, according to Lipper data on Thursday, marking the largest withdrawals since December.
Taxable bond funds in the United States attracted $4.3 billion in their 3rd straight week of inflows, the data showed. (Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Tom Brown)
Iraqi people with security forces walk near a burnt vehicle at the site of an attack in Tikrit, Iraq, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
TIKRIT, Iraq At least 31 people were killed, including 14 police officers, and more than 40 wounded in attacks overnight by Islamic State militants in the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit, security and medical sources said on Wednesday.
The militants wore police uniforms and used a police vehicle to enter the city, 175 km (110 miles) north of Baghdad, police colonel Khalid Mahmoud told Reuters. He said there were around 10 attackers, including two suicide bombers.
Islamic State's Amaq news agency said seven suicide fighters attacked a police position and the home of the head of the city's counter-terrorism service, who was killed. The assailants blew themselves up when they ran out of ammunition, it said.
A total of 31 bodies were taken to hospital, including 14 policemen, said Nawfal Mustafa, a doctor at the city's main hospital. The death toll rose during the morning as the bodies of civilians killed in their shops were found.
The attacks targeted a police checkpoint and the house of a police colonel, who was killed with four members of his family, officers said.
Two suicide attackers detonated their vests when surrounded by police, and three others were killed in separate clashes.
Five militants are thought to be hiding and Mahmoud said Tikrit authorities had declared a curfew on Wednesday. Sporadic gunfire could be heard in the morning.
A U.S.-backed offensive is underway to dislodge Islamic State from the remaining districts under its control in Mosul, 225 km away, the group's last major urban stronghold in Iraq.
The militants overran about a third of Iraq's territory nearly three years ago, capturing most Sunni Arab cities located north and west of Baghdad, including Tikrit.
Iraqi forces and Iranian-backed Shi'ite militias drove the militants away from Tikrit two years ago. Tikrit is the home region of Saddam Hussein, the former president toppled in the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.
(Reporting by Ghazwan Hassan and Ahmed Rasheed; writing by Maher Chmaytelli; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
IkeGPS, the unprofitable laser measurement toolmaker, narrowed its annual loss after lifting sales 37 per cent and cutting a fifth from its wage bill, and is optimistic positive cash flow generated in the fourth quarter will persist, meaning it won't need to raise more capital.
The Wellington-based company reported a net loss of $6.7 million, or 9 cents per share, in the 12 months ended March 31, compared to a loss of $10.6m, or 18 cents, a year earlier, it said in a statement.
Operating revenue rose to $7.7m from $5.7m, with sales of the firm's IKE4 product beating expectations while its Spike tool fell short of forecast.
IkeGPS cut 19 per cent from its wage bill to $6.5m, with a smaller spend on research and development, helping cut operating costs 18 per cent to $10.8m.
Advertisement
The company's operating cash outflow narrowed to $2.8m for the year from a $9m outflow in 2017, and ikeGPS said cash flow was positive in the final three months of the financial year, a position it expects to keep through the 2019 year. It held cash and equivalents of $2.6m as at March 31, including a $4m share placement to investors last August.
"FY18 was a positive period for our business with all key performance metrics improving significantly against FY17," chief executive Glenn Milnes said.
"We believe that FY19 can be a stronger period again for both the IKE4 solution in the US communications and electric utility market and for the Spike solution in the signage and geospatial markets."
The company expects to lift annual sales by more than 30 per cent again and keep operating costs flat, leading to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation breaking even.
Despite the optimism, the board acknowledged its status as a 'going concern' relied on a base business plan where sales keep growing and costs are kept down, and if the operating cash outflow persisted, ikeGPS would need to raise additional capital or find new funding.
The directors said the firm has scope for deeper cuts to spending. A stress test of the 2019 plan, reducing forecast sales by 15 per cent and expenses by $428,000, would still keep ikeGPS as a going concern, albeit with less cash. The directors said they believe they'd be able to raise more capital if needed.
Auditor PwC noted that 'material uncertainty related to going concern' in its report, saying if ikeGPS doesn't achieve the business plan, and achieve forecast sales growth in particular, it might not be able to meet its obligations as they fall due. The auditor assessed group materiality at $400,000, or 5 per cent of the firm's three-year average pre-tax loss.
The shares last traded at 59 cents, and have jumped 40 per cent so far this year, making it the sixth best performer on the S&P/NZX All Index.
April 10 Econocom Group SA:
* Success of the ORNANE conversion operation
* Announces created 10,050,928 new shares, bringing the number of shares issued to 122,570,215 compared with 112,519,287 shares at December 31, 2016
* Currently holds 4,184,082 treasury shares, excluding liquidity contract (compared to 5,364,264 at December 31, 2016) Source text: bit.ly/2nyewDH Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Added teammate Mark Borowiecki: "I feel bad for the guy. I'm sure his head's probably not in a great place right now so it's going to be important for us to rally around him and make sure he's feeling good."
Ryan's absence will create an opportunity for Colin White, who had been expected to be re-assigned to AHL Belleville after being a healthy scratch Thursday night.
White is expected to play alongside Matt Duchene and Mike Hoffman.
"It's definitely exciting when that happens," said White. "It's all part of the process. You just take what's given."
White remains scoreless through eight games, but has shown signs that he's becoming more comfortable at the NHL level.
The Senators (16-24-9) have a pair of matinee match-ups this weekend starting with the Philadelphia Flyers (24-19-8) Saturday and the Montreal Canadiens (20-25-6) Sunday.
Ottawa is coming off a 2-1 overtime win against Anaheim that snapped a six-game losing streak.
"Teams aren't going to come in and give us a night off," said Borowiecki. "They're going to play us hard and try and bury us and it's up to us to not only meet that challenge, but surpass it and set our own standard here."
Craig Anderson will get the start Saturday while Mike Condon will face the Canadiens. The Senators have decided to have split the workload between goaltenders the rest of the season.
Boucher feels that's the best way for both to improve.
"I think it's great because the situation we're in right now there's no thinking and the what if," Boucher said. "It's clear — you're going to be in the net. If you have a good one, great, you're going to be in quick and if you have a not so good one you're going to get your rebound right away."
By Lisa Wallace, The Canadian Press
April 10 Jiangsu Yitong High-tech Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 42.8 percent to 71.4 percent, or to be 1 million yuan to 2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (3.5 million yuan)
* Says decreased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/s0ruy6
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 20 Immune Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Immune pharmaceuticals signs letter of intent with pint pharma regarding license and commercializion of ceplene® in latin america
* Immune pharmaceuticals -entered into a letter of intent with pint pharma gmnh, a pharmaceutical company focused on latin america and other markets Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Beijing Bewinner Communications Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 215.5 percent to 245.3 percent, or to be 71.3 million yuan to 78 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (22.6 million yuan)
* Comments that human resources structure optimizing and business restructuring are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/vjsa7I
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ecoclimax is defined by Odum (1969) as the culmination state after a succession in a stabilized ecosystem in which maximum biomass (or high information content) and symbiotic function among organisms is kept per unit of available energy flow.
Currently playing at the Paramount Theater, Roundabout Theatre Company's Tony Award-winning production of Cabaret takes audience back to Europe in the 1930s, an era when novelists were exotic and Americans were proud.
When aspiring American novelist Clifford Bradshaw (Benjamin Eakeley) embarks on a journey to Berlin, he meets Ernest Ludwig (Patrick Vaill) who recommends him to stay at a boarding house ran by Faulein Schneider (Lucy Sorlucco). It doesn't take Cliff too long to venture his way to Kit Kat Klub and is introduced to the British singer Sally Bowles (Leigh Ann Larkin).
As Cliff gets involved with the personal lives of his Berlin acquaintances, he also finds himself caught up in the political turmoil of the rise of the Nazis and he must save himself before it is too late.
Just as stated by the host of the club Emcee (Jon Peterson) stated in the beginning— “life is beautiful, the girls are beautiful, even the orchestra is beautiful,”— Cabaret, directed by Sam Mendes and Rob Marshalls, did not fall short of the audience expectation.
Peterson had my full attention from the beginning when he welcomed everyone to the Cabaret and presented the cast with PG-rated jokes and a brilliant act of “Wilkommen.” Throughout the show, Peterson's storytelling was so convincing that at one point I forgot I was in the 21st century Seattle.
Known for her role as Dainty June in Gypsy, Larkin landed the well-known “Mein Herr” and “Maybe This Time.” But what makes her performance so unforgettable was that despite the slightly forced British accent, she brought Sally's character to life with a strong contrast in personalities. She could be a ball of bubbly energy in one scene and yet utterly distraught in another.
With an experienced cast, dynamic orchestra, head-turning costumes, and witty lines all going on throughout one of the best shows at Paramount, the highlight of the night was definitely the tender relationship between spinster Faulein Schneider and widower Herr Schultz (Scott Robertson). I could not overlook the fact that Sorlucco was a standby for her role, yet she depicted the intricacies between her and Herr Schultz so well that it was tear jerking at one point.
As the show ended with a haunting fear of totalitarianism and death in the air on the opening night, the audience was left with a vivid reminder of the Holocaust, and more terrifyingly, apparent parallels between the political climate in America today and Germany in the 1930s.
Cabaret is currently playing at the Paramount Theater until June 25. For more information, visit STGPresents.org
Triactor (1-3-4), $31.30; Exactor (1-3), $6.20; Superfecta (1-3-4-6), $24.45
Second Race, Purse $14,040, Claiming $8,000-$7,000, 3 yo's & up, Five And A Half Furlongs
5, Tizmatized, M. Buchanan, $3.80, $2.40, $2.30
2, Don't Worry, J. Crawford, , $5.20, $4.10
3, Tuition, H. Vanek, , , $4.50
Race Time: 1:05.14
Triactor (5-2-3), $101.60; Daily Double (1-5), $4.90; Exactor (5-2), $20.10; Superfecta (5-2-3-1), $164.30
Third Race, Purse $15,480, Starters allowance $8,000, 3 yo's & up, Seven Furlongs
1, Dupes, K. Johnson, $14.90, $4.60, $3.00
6, Butterfly Strike, A. Garcia, , $2.50, $2.10
4, World of Prospects, K. Carignan, , , $3.30
Race Time: 1:25.12
Triactor (1-6-4), $87.40; Daily Double (5-1), $26.80; Exactor (1-6), $31.00; Superfecta (1-6-4-8), $133.05; Pic 3 (1-5-1), $24.35
Fourth Race, Purse $12,960, Claiming $6,250-$6,000, 3 yo's & up, Five And A Half Furlongs
6, Orphan Queen, C. Husbands, $4.30, $2.70, $2.30
5, Our Miss Maggie, H. Newell, , $6.10, $4.60
8, Singnorita, D. Johnson, , , $11.30
Late Scratches: Ethel Mertz
Race Time: 1:06.04
Triactor (6-5-8), $423.50; Daily Double (1-6), $38.00; Exactor (6-5), $26.80; Superfecta (6-5-8-9), $1,940.00; Pic 3 (5-1-4/6), $30.75
Fifth Race, Purse $16,320, Maiden special weight, 3 yo's & up, Seven Furlongs
7, Mohawk Style, J. Alderson, $28.80, $14.60, $7.30
4, Soul n' Spirit, J. Crawford, , $5.50, $4.30
1, Midnite Snackattak, C. Husbands, , , $9.10
Late Scratches: Loyalty Boy, Weshouldbefriends, Queenston Park
Race Time: 1:26.36
Triactor (7-4-1), $1,965.30; Daily Double (6-7), $61.30; Exactor (7-4), $105.10; Superfecta (7-4-1-2), $2,276.95; Pic 3 (1-4/6-7), $224.40; Win Four (5-1-4/6-7), $568.05
Sixth Race, Purse $11,640, Maiden Claiming $6,250-$6,000, 3 yo's & up, Five Furlongs
1, Italian Ice, J. Crawford, $14.20, $6.70, $3.30
8, Tres Bien, S. Singh, , $3.20, $2.20
6, Big Brown Beauty, B. Duchaine, , , $2.40
Race Time: 1:01.32
Triactor (1-8-6), $97.90; Daily Double (7-1), $219.40; Exactor (1-8), $47.30; Superfecta (1-8-6-7), $333.05; Pic 3 (4/6-7-1), $486.50
Seventh Race, Purse $15,480, Starters allowance $8,000, 3 yo's & up, Five And A Half Furlongs
7, Phil in the Blank, S. Singh, $15.70, $7.10, $4.40
8, Tom Joy, B. Duchaine, , $6.20, $4.20
1, Sumerian Bell, A. Garcia, , , $3.00
Late Scratches: Canada Wise Don
Race Time: 1:04.90
Triactor (7-8-1), $328.20; Daily Double (1-7), $135.30; Exactor (7-8), $82.10; Superfecta (7-8-1-6), $509.15; Pic 3 (7-1-7), $812.75
Eighth Race, Purse $13,920, Claiming $6,250-$6,000, 3 yo's & up, Seven Furlongs
9, Annie O'Schiller, H. Vanek, $5.00, $3.50, $2.80
1, Rebel Lioness, C. Husbands, , $10.00, $6.00
8, Benadette's Lady, K. Johnson, , , $3.60
Late Scratches: Capture Your Heart
Race Time: 1:25.83
Triactor (9-1-8), $185.20; Daily Double (7-9), $40.10; Exactor (9-1), $39.30; Superfecta (9-1-8-3), $338.85; Pic 3 (1-7-6/9), $139.65
Ninth Race, Purse $10,680, Claiming $4,500-$4,000, 3 yo's & up, Five And A Half Furlongs
9, Awesome At Last, K. Carignan, $6.50, $3.50, $2.60
5, Brady O'Brady, J. Fielding, , $5.30, $3.70
8, Pick On Me, H. Newell, , , $5.10
Late Scratches: Devil's Bayou, Tap Speed
Race Time: 1:07.06
Triactor (9-5-8), $171.50; Daily Double (9-9), $12.90; Exactor (9-5), $25.50; High 5 (9-5-8-7-11), $1,137.65; Pic 3 (7-6/9-1/4/9), $72.20; Win Four (1-7-6/9-1/4/9), $484.35; Pic 5 (7-1-7-6/9-1/4/9), $4,191.80
He gets more laughs in 15 minutes than Ricky Gervais does in an hour, even though some of the confrontational tension of Dillon's live performance is lost in translation.
I once saw him ask a woman in Brooklyn what she did for a living, and when she answered, "botanic design," he retorted: "Burn this borough to the ground."
Michelle Buteau is another explosive New York comic who has been the highlight of many local shows without ever getting a big break.
While she is enough of a regular on the podcast and HBO show "2 Dope Queens" that she has been anointed the unofficial third queen, this set might be the best introduction to her work yet.
"It's been a really interesting year for me because a lot of my guy friends came out as predators," she deadpans. "I always knew, but it was really their journey."
These eight specials are more topical than most of the recent Netflix hours, with three other comics (Jak Knight, Sam Jay and Sabrina Jalees) mixing in #MeToo material with solid sets.
Seeing the same subject matter covered makes you realize how common parallel thinking is in standup. Both Buteau and Knight use the phrase "read the room" (although she adds a curse to it).
Jay, a sly writer for "Saturday Night Live" with a propulsive delivery, ties the sexual harassment stories and the rise of Donald Trump to a larger trend: The decline of white men.
"We don't know how to handle white guys needing something," she says, pointing to the stunts of "Jackass" as an early sign: "That wasn't a show. That was white dudes crying for help."
Unlike late-night television sets, 15 minutes is long enough to get into an involved argument or complex bit but short enough that every joke counts.
This puts a premium on the start and end of the set, and two of the highlights are satires of a certain hackneyed genre of opening and closing jokes that poke fun at convention while also subverting it.
Young comedians' most common opening move is to poke fun at the way they look.
You can find a classic example in "The Comedy Lineup" by Taylor Tomlinson when she acknowledges how wholesome she appears, describing herself as cute but in an accessible way, "like a shower curtain in Target."
Before you pigeonhole her, she does it for you: "Men don't even picture me naked," she says. "They picture me helping their mom on Easter."
This is a funny but not a terribly original introduction. (The first joke I ever heard Amy Schumer tell was at the Gotham Comedy Club in 2011: "I know how I look. You'd bang me, but you wouldn't blog about it.")
In bolder set, the British-Malaysian comic Phil Wang draws attention to this cliché style of joke, before adding a sideways twist that hints at how this entire genre caters to stereotypes.
"If you look at me, right, and squint really hard," he says, swivelling his head and shifting his tone: "That's racist."
This joke provides a nice bookend to an inventively funny closer by Ian Karmel, a commanding comic who came out of the Portland, Ore., scene. Toward the end of his accomplished set, he says that the "social contract" of standup requires that you end with a big joke, preferably one that calls back to an earlier bit. "That's what's supposed to happen, right?" he says. "Not tonight."
After adding that doing something weird can be more memorable, he proves it.
I will not give it away, even though what makes this joke work is less the concept than the execution. It is a deft performance that is a reminder that comedy, like all art, cannot be boiled down to a formula.
Many in comedy today think that too many specials are being released, that comics are not spending enough time developing their art and that a deluge of mediocre standup will water down quality. While these are real concerns, I am not convinced.
For some of the stars of "The Comedy Line-Up," I would like to see longer performances, but not necessarily right now.
It takes time to develop an hour of excellent material that fits together, and amid the glut of specials now, too many feel padded. The solution may not be decreasing the number of specials, but rather how long each one is.
For many, 15 minutes is a good alternative. It is enough time to pique your interest in a performer, but not enough for them to really wear out their welcome.
April 28Shanghai Flyco Electrical Appliance Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 1 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) to shareholders of record on May 5, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on May 8 and the dividend will be paid on May 8
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Xli78W
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WASHINGTON | Pay raises, the U.S. economy's Achilles' heel in its long recovery from the Great Recession, finally showed signs of accelerating last month — a trend that fanned inflation fears and sent bond yields rising and stocks sinking.
Wages grew in January from a year ago at the fastest pace in eight years, evidence that low unemployment is forcing some employers to pay more to keep or attract workers. The question is whether the gains will endure and spread throughout the economy.
U.S. employers added a robust 200,000 jobs in January, and the unemployment rate stayed at a low 4.1 percent for the fourth straight month, the Labor Department said Friday. But investors saw the wage growth as cause for concern. Higher pay could help swell inflation and spur the Federal Reserve to quicken its pace of interest rate increases in coming months.
The 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.83 percent, from 2.79 percent before the jobs report was released. And the Dow Jones industrial average tumbled 666 points, or 2.5 percent, partly on the prospect of sharply higher rates and partly on poor earnings reports from Google's parent company Alphabet, Exxon Mobil and Chevron.
“Everyone has been rooting for wage growth, but be careful what you wish for,” said Josh Wright, chief economist at recruiting software company iCIMS.
Still, the jobs data point to an economy on solid footing, fueled by strong consumer spending and global growth. After nearly eight years of steady hiring, employers are increasingly competing for a narrower pool of workers. Raises stemming from Republican tax cuts and minimum wage increases in 18 states also likely boosted pay last month.
“Labor is becoming scarce, and employers have to work to find, retain and train employees,” Diane Swonk, chief economist at Grant Thornton, said. “This is new for many employers.”
Many economists credit the Fed's low-rate policies, including the measured pace of rate increases under Chair Janet Yellen, with stimulating enough growth to bolster hiring and wages. Yellen will be succeeded as Fed chair on Monday by Jerome Powell, a former investment banker and Fed governor.
In January, average hourly pay rose 9 cents to $26.74, up 2.9 percent from a year earlier — the biggest gain since the recession ended eight years ago.
S.B. Cha, CEO of Kinestral, a company that makes high-tech windows that can be dimmed to reduce or block sunlight, said he has had to offer higher pay to attract new electrical and software engineers. Cha has ambitious plans to double his 130-person staff within two years.
But it's difficult to find enough workers in San Francisco, where the company is based, so he transferred its cloud computing operations to Salt Lake City. Yet now even Salt Lake City is becoming competitive. As a small company, Kinestral used to pay roughly 60 percent of what tech giants like Google paid. Now, Cha says, it has to pay closer to 80 percent and in some cases 90 percent.
“Every year, hiring gets tougher and tougher,” Cha said.
Average hourly pay jumped 3.4 percent in the past year in transportation and warehousing, which has benefited from the explosive growth of e-commerce. That's partly been driven by the online giant Amazon, which went on a hiring rampage last year, expanding its workforce by a breathtaking 66 percent — 225,000 jobs. That's more than the entire manufacturing industry added last year.
Still, factories enjoyed a good year and raised pay an average 3.3 percent. Leisure and hospitality firms, which include restaurants and hotels, increased pay 3.5 percent.
Restaurant cooks received the largest salary increase in the past year among the 84 occupations the company tracks, according to pay data compiled by Glassdoor, a job listing website.
With Americans more confident and spending more, restaurants are adding jobs and lifting wages. The industry added 31,000 jobs last month.
“We are finally seeing signs of a ‘feel good' economy emerging with consumers able to kick up their heels again,” Swonk said.
A measure of hourly wages that excludes managers rose 2.4 percent over the past year, more slowly than the broader figure. That suggests that managers and supervisors have received the biggest benefits.
Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan Chase, notes that very cold weather could have temporarily boosted pay last month. Frontline construction workers might have stayed home during the cold spell, cutting into their pay, while salaried supervisors would have been paid either way.
But most economists think wage gains will keep rising. Walmart said in January that it would raise its minimum wage to $11 an hour, from $10, starting this month.
Cathy Barrera, chief economist at ZipRecruiter, said the low unemployment rate is bestowing other benefits on workers. Employers are hiring more people on a permanent full-time basis.
The number of part-time workers who would prefer full-time jobs has fallen nearly 15 percent in the past year. And temporary hiring has been flat for two months.
Jennifer Fitzgerald, CEO of PolicyGenius, an online insurance marketplace, is so desperate for workers that her New York City-based company is buying advertising on the New York subway and on San Francisco commuter trains.
The ads are intended in part to raise awareness among potential recruits. PolicyGenius recruiters also look for companies that are moving out of New York, or who have laid off workers and scour LinkedIn for potential hires from those companies.
“These are the kinds of creative strategies you need,” Fitzgerald said.
RIDGEFIELD PARK, N.J. -- After aiding with fires in two neighboring towns, Ridgefield Park firefighters got one of their own just after midnight Tuesday.
An electrical fire sent flames through the attic and part of a home at 137 East Grand Avenue.
No injuries were immediately reported.
A Bogota FAST team and firefighters from Hackensack were among the companies that joined their village colleagues -- who also thanked those from Little Ferry, New Milford, and Teaneck.
Ridgefield Park firefighters were among the mutual aid responders to a Queen Anne Road house fire in Bogota on Sunday -- then again providing coverage to Teaneck during a Monday blaze at 87 Teaneck Road.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) listens to his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan during a meeting in Sochi, Russia, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin (L) shakes hands with his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan during a meeting in Sochi, Russia, May 3, 2017. Sputnik/Alexei Nikolsky/Kremlin via REUTERS
ANKARA Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said he would tell Vladimir Putin during a visit to Russia on Wednesday that he wanted Russian trade restrictions on Turkey lifted rapidly.
Speaking in Ankara before traveling to the Russian Black Sea city of Sochi to meet Putin, Erdoğan told reporters that reaching a political solution to the conflict in Syria was a joint goal of Turkey and Russia.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Writing by Daren Butler)
"Obviously our defence isn't going to let that happen, obviously our coaching staff isn't going to let that happen, but we have to make sure we come every week with, 'Hey, this is a big game. This is a big game. This is a big game. This game is bigger than the last one.'"
___
Some other things to know about this game:
WATCH THE QBS: Patterson ranks fourth nationally in passing yards per game even after a subpar outing against Alabama, and has the league's top two receivers in A.J. Brown and DaMarkus Lodge. Auburn's Jarrett Stidham has only 12 incompletions in the last three games. In the last two, Stidham has had seven passes go for at least 46 yards.
AUBURN BACKFIELD: Auburn's Johnson has run for eight touchdowns in the past two games, five against Missouri and three against Mississippi State. Those performances have helped the Tigers miss a healthy Kamryn Pettway (lower leg) much less. Pettway played some against the Bulldogs and lost a fumble. Malzahn said fellow tailback Kam Martin is also nursing an unspecified injury that kept him out of the last game.
MCGRIFF'S TIES: Ole Miss defensive co-ordinator Wesley McGriff was Auburn's co-defensive co-ordinator and secondary coach last season. Malzahn said that means McGriff is familiar with the Tigers' players, "but some of our guys have obviously improved since last year." Having a new offensive co-ordinator in Chip Lindsey reduces the carry over, too.
"The fact that Chip is calling the plays and we are different in a lot of ways, it's not like you would think," Malzahn said. "But he's definitely familiar."
REBELS AGAINST TOP 15: Ole Miss beat both No. 8 Texas A&M and No. 11 Georgia last season. The Rebels have nine wins over teams ranked in the top 15 over the last four years.
EARLY KICK: With the game kicking off at 11 a.m. CT, the Rebels opted to fly to Alabama on Thursday. Ole Miss played an early game on Sept. 9 and beat Tennessee-Martin 45-23. "We've done it once before so I think that will help," Luke said.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
March 31 11 Bit Studios SA:
* Reported on Thursday FY revenue ​of 27.0 million zlotys ($6.84 million) versus 23.2 million zlotys a year ago
* FY net profit was 12.9 million zlotys versus 11.6 million zlotys a year ago
* The group's results were impacted by 11 Bit Studios SA which in 2016 continued to monetize 'This War of Mine' game
* In 2016 the company invested 5.4 million zlotys in the production of new games, almost twice as much as in 2015
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9459 zlotys)
Rockies 8, Giants 1
San Francisco Colorado ab r h bi ab r h bi Hanson lf 4 0 2 1 LMahieu 2b 4 2 1 1 Posey c 3 0 0 0 Blckmon cf 5 2 3 2 P.Jhnsn p 0 0 0 0 Arenado 3b 4 2 2 3 Slater ph 1 0 0 0 C.Gnzal rf 4 1 1 0 Gearrin p 0 0 0 0 Story ss 4 0 2 1 Belt 1b 4 0 2 0 Parra lf 3 0 1 1 B.Crwfr ss 4 0 1 0 Desmond 1b 4 1 2 0 Sndoval 3b 4 0 0 0 Wolters c 4 0 0 0 Pence rf 3 0 0 0 Snztela p 3 0 0 0 Panik 2b 4 0 0 0 Dunn p 0 0 0 0 G.Hrnan cf 2 0 0 0 McGee p 0 0 0 0 A.Jcksn cf 1 1 1 0 Tapia ph 1 0 0 0 Strtton p 2 0 0 0 Msgrave p 0 0 0 0 Hundley c 0 0 0 0 Totals 32 1 6 1 Totals 36 8 12 8
San Francisco 000 000 010—1 Colorado 201 032 00x—8
E_P.Johnson (1). DP_Colorado 1. LOB_San Francisco 6, Colorado 6. 2B_LeMahieu (17), Desmond (10). 3B_Story (5). HR_Blackmon (15), Arenado (22). CS_Desmond (3).
IP H R ER BB SO San Francisco Stratton L,8-6 5 2-3 11 8 8 1 3 Johnson 1 1-3 1 0 0 1 2 Gearrin 1 0 0 0 0 1 Colorado Senzatela W,3-1 7 3 0 0 0 4 Dunn 1-3 2 1 1 1 0 McGee 2-3 0 0 0 0 0 Musgrave 1 1 0 0 1 0
Umpires_Home, Angel Hernandez; First, Bill Miller; Second, Todd Tichenor; Third, Alan Porter.
T_2:51. A_48,072 (50,398).
Some important events have happened in bowling alleys for Josh Novak.
For example, his met his wife Laura while playing in a mixed league in Mason City. That was a life-changer.
But so too was a recent event, when the couple found out Bowlaway Lanes was for sale at a bowling tournament.
The alley, one that had been for sale for several years, finally found a buyer.
“We found out it was for sale on a Saturday, that Monday we met with Maxine and Dale [Skoda] and within two weeks we had a price negotiated, it all went pretty smoothly,” said Josh Novak.
— For more on this story, see the Aug. 15 Tribune
Registered Dietitian Nutritionist Carissa Bealert is back to share what she gives during the holidays.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"Things I like to give people from the kitchen are things to help them cook more at home and to cook better meals."
Although a lot of the latest gifts involve technology, a traditional cookbook is a great go-to gift. You can customize it by writing personal notes in the borders and pass it along to other family members.
Another great idea? Upgrading kitchen utensils or scheduling "cooking dates."
"If you make great pasta, schedule a ‘cooking date' with a family member where you bring the supplies and cook together. Share that time together over a gift. It will be a great memory that can hopefully lead to some healthier habits."
But if you're looking for that techy gift, think about updating your kitchen's lighting fixtures.
"Three out of four Americans suffer daily from eyestrain, but most don't realize that the lighting they use at home may be contributing to the problem. Good light leads to good health, which is why the OttLite Wellness Series was designed. They are the only lamps designed specifically with eye health in mind."
The line has been proven to reduce eye fatigue by 51% and delivers the closest thing to natural daylight available indoors. Bealert brought along three lamps and showed how you can adjust the brightness and charge your devices with built-in USB ports.
For more information on the OttLite Wellness Series click here.
​On the one hand, you shouldn't use a laser jammer in your car to evade speeding tickets. On the other, the fact that the North Yorkshire Police have sent this driver to jail for 8 months probably means they care less about the actual jammer and more about the fact that the driver repeatedly flipped them the bird:
Top tip: If you want to stay out of trouble, don't do what this driver did and swear at our mobile safety cameras while driving past in a car fitted with a laser jammer. Today he's beginning 8 months in jail for perverting the course of justice. https://t.co/Y5jpeOlt96 pic.twitter.com/rKQRVgNkB1 — North Yorkshire Police (@NYorksPolice) April 23, 2018
Don't worry, there's video of the hand gestures:
And here's the video of him in action... pic.twitter.com/8SuvQGbAqb — North Yorkshire Police (@NYorksPolice) April 23, 2018
So to sum up: Using a laser jammer? Bad. Chucking a guy in jail for 8 months for laser jamming? Also bad. Flipping off police cameras? Kinda rad.
[Via Twitter]
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Defendants Kamel T.H.J. (R) and Azad R. talk to their lawyers Martina Walter (2nd R) and Armin Beck as they arrive in a courtroom in Munich, southern Germany, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Michael Dalder
Defendant Azad R. shakes hands with his lawyer Armin Beck as he arrives in a courtroom in Munich, southern Germany, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Michael Dalder
MUNICH Two Syrian migrants who came to Germany as part of an influx of refugees in the summer of 2015 went on trial in Munich on Thursday accused of fighting in Syria as part of a militant group.
More than 1 million migrants have arrived in Germany over the past two years and concerns about security and integration are widespread.
Barbara Stockinger, a judge and spokeswoman for Munich's higher regional court, said 22-year-old Azad R. and 24-year-old Kamel T.H.J. were accused of fighting near Aleppo as part of the Islamist rebel group Ahrar al-Sham between August 2013 and April 2014.
"They armed themselves with kalashnikovs and fought against other rebel groups and the Syrian military government," she said.
Stockinger said one of the men was injured during combat and headed to Turkey for medical treatment along with the other defendant. They then travelled to Germany, where they arrived in around June 2015 before being taken into custody in April 2016.
If convicted, the men could face up to 10 years in prison.
(Reporting by Reuters Television; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Alison Williams)
HANOVER, Germany, April 6 German state-backed lender NordLB said it does not need to turn to its owners for extra capital to shoulder a record 2016 loss of 1.96 billion euros ($2.1 billion), caused by 2.94 billion euros in provisions for bad shipping loans.
"We can deal with this negative result on our own," Chief Executive Thomas Buerkle said at the presentation of the bank's annual results on Thursday.
The bank's capital ratio decreased to 11.3 percent at the end of 2016 from 13.1 percent a year earlier, and Buerkle said posting a 2017 profit was realistic despite the prolonged shipping crisis.
Germany was one of the world's main centres of global ship financing before the 2008 financial crisis, and the five German banks with the closest links to the shipping industry still have around 80 billion euros on loan to the sector.
NordLB, as well as peers such as HSH, Commerzbank , DVB and KfW, have taken large writedowns and boosted capital buffers against the risk of shipping loans turning sour.
NordLB said it aimed to reduce its shipping loan portfolio to 12 to 14 billion euros by the end of 2018 from 16.8 billion at the end of 2016.
($1 = 0.9380 euros) (Reporting by Alexander Hübner; Writing by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
American Idol star Jax will perform at the White House for the Independence Day celebration.
The 22-year-old joined Fox News to defend her decision after receiving criticism online from anti-Trump supporters.
Jax, a Trump supporter, says her performance is about showing appreciation for America and the troops, not about politics or Trump.
Jax comes from a very patriotic family with a younger brother currently serving in the Marines and a father who was a first responder during 9/11.
The singer told Fox News that nothing will stop her from attending, calling it a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
“American Idol” finalist @Jax said nothing is going to stop her from performing at The @WhiteHouse on #IndependenceDay, calling the chance a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. https://t.co/iougIRcau7 pic.twitter.com/YW6uTe7u3B — Fox News (@FoxNews) June 30, 2018
Country singer Sara Evans and fellow ‘American Idol' star Jonny Brenns, will perform at the event with Jax on the south lawn of the White House.
Wednesday, the Hallmark channel will air the concert live with President Trump and first lady Melania Trump both in attendance.
The post ‘American Idol' star defends Independence Day performance at WH appeared first on 850 WFTL.
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
April 6 Celestial Asia Securities Holdings Ltd:
* CFSG (a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of cash) (as issuer) entered into subscription agreement with subscriber (Ever Billion Group Limited)
* Application has been made by cfsg and cash to stock exchange for resumption of trading in cfsg shares with effect from 7 april 2017
* CFSG conditionally agreed to allot and issue 826 million subscription shares at subscription price of hk$0.28 per subscription share
* Subscriber shall pay total subscription price of hk$231.3 million in cash
Source text (bit.ly/2o6cfhI)
Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, March 30 Financial shares led Wall Street higher on Thursday after data showed U.S. economic growth was stronger than previously reported last quarter, helped by robust consumer spending.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 69.17 points, or 0.33 percent, to 20,728.49, the S&P 500 gained 6.93 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,368.06 and the Nasdaq Composite added 16.80 points, or 0.28 percent, to 5,914.34.
The Nasdaq Composite, up 10 of the past 12 sessions, set a record closing high. (Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
The view south of the Barton County Courthouse looks rough with a tall metal fence and construction pieces throughout. Although that view will remain until May, the City of Great Bend is excited about the improvements that are underway at Jack Kilby Square.
Great Bend plans to improve and expand the stage at the bandshell and add a water splash pad.
City Administrator Howard Partington says work will focus on the stage in January.
Howard Partington Audio
https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/party-stage-1.mp3
The plan will add over seven feet to the north of stage and round out the sides. To increase circulation on the stage, air louvers and fans will be installed in the structure. Partington noted in February, Wiens & Company from Hutchinson will set the concrete for the new stage and get the splash pad in place.
With the renovations, the city was forced to find new homes for a World War I structure and a time capsule.
Howard Partington Audio
https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/party-stage-2.mp3
The project will also include new landscaping and renovation to the restroom behind the bandshell. Wiens & Company expect to have the $355,700 project finished by May 1, 2017.
The Thelma Fay Harms Charitable Trust donated over $300,000 for the renovations.
SINGAPORE, March 31 Singapore's total bank lending in February rose as lending to financial institutions, general commerce as well as building and construction increased, central bank data showed on Friday.
Loans and advances by domestic banking units in the city-state amounted to S$627.4 billion last month, rising from S$617.1 billion in January.
Bank lending fell for the first time in four months in January.
Bank lending in February rose 5.2 percent from a year earlier
Loans and advances in Asian currency units (ACU) rose 0.1 percent to S$541.3 billion in February from S$540.8 billion in January.
The ACU market refers to loans denominated in currencies other than the Singapore dollar. (Reporting by Fathin Ungku; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
If you're in your 20s or 30s, you might be starting to focus more on investing to reach your financial goals. Because of this, you also may be more attuned to moves in the financial markets.
Depending on your age, you may have only experienced the bull market of the past nine years, so you might not know what to expect — or how to respond — whenever the next bear market strikes.
Of course, just recently, you've witnessed a market correction — a drop of at least 10 per cent in the major stock market indices, such as the TSX or S&P 500. This sudden plunge made big news and reminded many investors of how volatile the financial markets can be. But a full-fledged bear market usually isn't identified until the markets are down 20 percent from their recent highs. Plus, bear markets, unlike corrections, tend to linger for a while.
The last "bear" emerged from hibernation in October 2007 and stayed on the prowl until early March 2009. During that time, the S&P 500 declined by about 50 per cent. Clearly, investors were not happy — but the market recovered and moved to new heights. This long and strong run-up may have obliterated your bear market memories, if you ever had them at all. And that's why you might want to familiarize yourself with some of the bare facts about bear markets:
Bear markets may provide good buying opportunities. When gas is expensive, you may just buy a few gallons at a time — but when the price falls, you're probably more likely to fill up your tank. The same principle can apply to investing – when stock prices are down, your investment dollars will buy more shares. And the more shares you own, the greater your ability to build wealth once the share price rises. In short, a bear market may provide you with a chance to buy quality investments at good prices.
Bear markets don't last forever. No one can predict precisely how long bear markets will run, but they've typically been much shorter than bull markets. So, while you might not particularly like looking at your investment statement during a decline, you can take some comfort in knowing such downturns are a normal feature of the investment landscape.
Bear markets don't affect all investments equally. If you only own domestic stocks, your portfolio may well take a sizable hit during a bear market. But other types of investment vehicles may not be as directly affected — and some may even show positive results. Consequently, you could reduce the bear's "bite" if you also own a variety of other investments, such as international stocks, bonds, government securities and so on. However, while owning this type of diversified portfolio can help reduce the impact of market volatility, it does not guarantee profits or protect against losses. A bear market can be challenging. But by making the right moves, such as staying patient, looking for buying opportunities and maintaining a diversified portfolio, you may be able to prevent a market decline from becoming unbearable.
John Beyer, CFP, is a financial adviser with the Niagara Falls Brokerage firm of Edward Jones. Visit the website at www.edwardjones.com.
(Adds comments from company spokesman)
LIMA, April 10 A Southern Copper Corp spokesman said operations in Peru were near normal as workers started an indefinite strike on Monday, although a union representative said 80 percent of capacity was affected.
The Cuajone and Toquepala copper mines were producing at 98 percent and the Ilo refinery was operating at 100 percent capacity, a Southern Copper spokesman said.
The strike follows labor disruptions at Peru's biggest copper mine, Cerro Verde, and Chile's Escondida, the world's largest copper mine, earlier this year.
Southern Copper, owned by Grupo Mexico, boosted its copper output by 21 percent to 900,000 tonnes last year on the back of an expansion at a mine in Mexico.
Jose Espejo, a member of a union representing 2,200 workers, said workers had walked off the job and started protesting early on Monday to demand a greater share of company profits.
"We are based on each side of the railroad and we will not let the train pass," he said, referring to the railway that transports copper concentrates from Cuajone and Toquepala to the Ilo refinery.
Another union of 800 workers at Toquepala plans to join the strike on Wednesday, Espejo said.
The company spokesman said union members would meet later on Monday with company representatives to try to resolve the conflict. (Reporting by Marco Aquino and Teresa Cespedes; Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
The state Supreme Court dealt the Legislature a major blow Thursday by ruling that it unconstitutionally passed the $1.50-per-pack cigarette fee during the final days of this year's session.
The legislation was the single largest revenue-raising measure in a package of bills and budget cuts that lawmakers accepted in order to close a $869 million budget shortfall.
Revenue from the fee was expected to raise $225 million, with $214 million of that amount eligible for appropriation, for the fiscal year budget that began July 1.
But that money now comes off the books. And Gov. Mary Fallin and the Legislature will now face some tough decisions as they decide how to respond.
Here are some of the options that lawmakers could consider during the coming days and weeks.
April 13 TaiMed Biologics Inc :
* Says it plans to issue 40,000 shares via private placement to Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center, with provisional price of T$180 per share
* Says proceeds to be used to replenish working capital
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/p03J4A
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Veelo SF Office
Contact
Julie Dunn
***@crusadercommunications.com Julie Dunn
End
-- Veelo, announced that the company is adding an office location in San Francisco, California.CEO Chanin Ballance says, "We are excited to add this additional office space located at 555 Clay Street in San Francisco. It reflects our growth and improves our ability to serve the many tech clients we have in Northern California. "Veelo focuses on delivering the best in class sales enablement platform, leading to increased performance by sales teams and customer facing employees. The Veelo platform is easy to use and integrates with the most common B2B systems and tools used by companies today. It helps salespeople quickly find sales and marketing content using a proprietary machine-learning algorithm, and it delivers short bursts of coaching and knowledge just in time, making sellers more effective.Ballance notes, "Improving sales performance is a high priority for many organizations and the industry that support these initiatives is a high growth area. Veelo has experienced 100% year over year growth and continues to expand within the technology, services and manufacturing verticals."Notable Veelo customers include Google, Rubrik, Coudability, TE Connectivity and more.www.veeloinc.com Follow:@veeloinc
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
* Dollar index pulls away from 4-1/2-month lows
* Fed speakers remind markets of rate hike plans
* Sterling dips before Britain formally launches Brexit
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, March 29 The dollar pulled away from 4-1/2-month lows against a currency basket on Wednesday after solid data backed expectations for more U.S. interest rate hikes this year, while sterling was knocked by Britain triggering its exit from the European Union.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major rival currencies, rose to 99.911, up 0.2 percent. It managed to crawl off a low of 98.858 hit earlier this week, its weakest level since Nov. 11, in the wake of U.S. President Donald Trump's failed healthcare reform bill.
Helping the greenback was data that showed U.S. consumer confidence index hit 125.6 in March, surpassing expectations for a reading of 114, and much higher than 116.1 in February. The March level marked the highest since December 2000.
The numbers also pushed up U.S. Treasury yields, further bolstering the dollar's appeal. The yield on benchmark 10-year notes rose to 2.412 percent in Asian trading, from its U.S. close of 2.409 percent on Tuesday.
U.S. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said in a television interview on Tuesday that two more increases to U.S. overnight interest rates this year seemed "about right".
"(The dollar's strength) is probably more a function of the very strong U.S. consumer confidence numbers we saw yesterday and the somewhat more hawkish noises we've seen emanating from the Fed," said Alvin Tan, currency strategist at Société Générale in London.
The Fed raised rates in March, and a majority of the central bank's policymakers foresee at least two more increases this year.
But Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Tuesday that the collapse of the healthcare reform bill had made the U.S. central bank's job harder as it tried to anticipate which set of policies would pass.
Trump's healthcare reform failure last week raised doubts about his ability to carry out his fiscal stimulus and tax cuts, and pressured the dollar to 110.11 yen on Monday, its lowest since Nov. 18. It has since recovered almost 1 percent and last stood at 111.15 yen, flat on the day.
"I think the optimism about 'Trumponomics', against the failure to pass the Obamacare reform bill, is still dominating the dollar/yen market," said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
Sterling wallowed at one-week lows, 0.4 percent down on the day at $1.2395 as investors braced for British Prime Minister Theresa May's move later on Wednesday to formally file paperwork to leave the European Union.
The euro was lower 0.3 percent on the day at $1.07835 .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Keith Weir)
* Russian inflation slowing towards target
* Central bank promises policy to stay tight
* Analysts say inflation pressure could build in H2
* Tight policy makes Russia bonds attractive (Adds detail, context)
By Elena Fabrichnaya and Alexander Winning
MOSCOW, April 12 Russia's central bank should lower its main lending rate carefully in order to keep inflation close to its 4 percent target beyond this year, analysts working at the bank said in a report.
The central bank cut its key rate in March by 0.25 percentage points, the first cut since September, in response to a faster than expected slowdown in inflation.
It has kept monetary policy tight since 2014 despite a deep economic slump in an effort to bring down inflation to post-Soviet lows.
Analysts at the bank said on Wednesday that inflation could fall from 4.3 percent in March to below 4 percent in April-May but that inflation pressure in the second half of the year could make it difficult to keep inflation near 4 percent in 2018.
The analysts, whose opinions do not necessarily reflect the official position of the central bank but are seen as a good guide to its thinking, said the current balance of inflation risks allowed for a gradual reduction of the bank's key rate.
Russia's central bank has signalled that small rate cuts could come in the second and third quarters, though Governor Elvira Nabiullina said there could be pauses in the bank's easing cycle.
The bank next meets on monetary policy on April 28, and analysts polled by Reuters late last month expected the key rate to be cut by 50 basis points over the second quarter of 2017.
Tight monetary policy has fed a strong rally in Russian assets, making Russian local debt an investor favourite.
"I can't think of any other country on the planet where inflation is slowing so quickly and the central bank is so hawkish," said Paul Greer, senior emerging market debt trader at Fidelity International in London.
"It's a nice mix for an investor." (Additional reporting by Sujata Rao in London; Editing by Katya Golubkova and Alison Williams)
SINGAPORE May 3 Crude oil prices bounced back on Wednesday as a decline in U.S. inventories underpinned the market, although a dip in compliance with OPEC efforts to reduce output capped gains.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude rose 48 cents, or 1 percent, to $48.14 a barrel by 0030 GMT. On Tuesday, the market slid 2.4 percent to its lowest close since March 21. Benchmark Brent futures gained 59 cents, or 1.2 percent to $51.05 a barrel.
U.S. crude stocks fell last week, and both gasoline and distillate inventories also dropped, data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute showed on Tuesday.
Crude inventories fell by 4.2 million barrels in the week ended April 28 to 528.3 million barrels, compared with analyst expectations for a decrease of 2.3 million barrels. Crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub fell by 215,000 barrels, API said.
The U.S. government will release its inventory data on Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. (1430 GMT)
"The supply of crude oil continues to decline. This is evident in both spot and forward supply data," commodities brokerage Marex Spectron said in a note.
"Demand remains strong and in spite of lower refinery profitability we see increasing capacity utilization rates."
Production from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) fell for a fourth straight month in April, a Reuters survey found on Tuesday, as top exporter Saudi Arabia kept production below its target while maintenance and unrest cut production in exempt nations Nigeria and Libya.
But more oil from Angola and higher UAE output than originally thought meant OPEC compliance with its production-cutting deal slipped to 90 percent from a revised 92 percent in March, according to Reuters surveys.
Brent is trading close to its lowest level since late November, when OPEC agreed to cut supply. (Reporting by Naveen Thukral; Editing by Richard Pullin)
April 20 Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc
* Interpace Diagnostics eliminates long term secured debt
* Interpace Diagnostics - on April 18, 2017 a institutional investor exchanged $3.5 million secured note for a $3.5 million secured convertible note issued by co
* Interpace Diagnostics- converted all of co's remaining long-term secured outstanding debt into common stock, no longer has any secured debt outstanding Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
"muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj," Barr wrote, using Jarrett's initials. Jarrett, 61, is African American and worked for Obama from 2009 to 2017.
Barr apologized for the tweet, describing it as "a bad joke."
"I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks," Barr said. "I should have known better. Forgive me — my joke was in bad taste."
Barr's agency, ICM Partners, said in a statement Tuesday that Barr's tweet was "disgraceful," "unacceptable" and "antithetical to our core values." The talent representative says it has ended its relationship with Barr "effective immediately."
Viacom cable networks Paramount Network, TV Land and CMT will be pulling all Roseanne reruns from their schedules beginning Wednesday. And Hulu yanked episodes of the series.
Jarrett responded Tuesday during a previously scheduled appearance on the MSNBC special Everyday Racism in America. "I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment," she said.
On the program, which airs Tuesday night, Jarrett added, "I'm fine. I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers coming to their defense."
Roseanne comedy returned to ABC in March, two decades after it ended its first run from 1988 to 1997, reuniting the original cast including John Goodman, Laurie Metcalf and Sara Gilbert.
The much-awaited 10th season's two-episode opener attracted 18.2 million viewers in preliminary Nielsen ratings, making it the season's top premiere. The return was large enough to prompt ABC to quickly order another season.
But the show has been beset by controversy.
Dealing with hot-button issues such as health care, social security and opioid addiction, the reboot received backlash for some of its pointed jokes, including jabs at minority-led series "Black-ish" and "Fresh Off the Boat."
Most of the dissent has been focused on the show's star. Barr only recently returned to Twitter after taking a break from the social media site following a December feud with people who responded harshly to her tweets praising President Trump and criticizing Hillary Clinton.
While Barr received a congratulatory call from Trump after the heated exchange, even then, fellow comedians were left with mixed feelings.
On Tuesday, Sykes was the first to announce she'd pull out of the show with a short and simple message of disapproval.
"I will not be returning to @RoseanneOnABC," she wrote on Twitter.
Gilbert, who plays Darlene Conner on the show, also denounced Barr's comments.
"Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show," she tweeted. "I am disappointed in her actions to say the least."
Emma Kenney, who plays Darlene's eldest child, Harris Conner-Healy, shared her disapproval.
"I am hurt, embarrassed, and disappointed. The racist and distasteful comments from Roseanne are inexcusable," she wrote.
Writer Danny Zuker also tweeted his disapproval.
"I wrote on the original "Roseanne" where we used to denounce nativism, racism & homophobia. Nauseating to see what she's become," he wrote. "Looking forward to continuing not watching this show."
Actor Don Cheadle called out the apparent racism in Barr's tweets.
"you can take @RoseanneOnABC out of racism but you can't take the racism out of @therealroseanne," he said.
Actress Patricia Arquette also spoke up.
"I am repulsed that Valerie Jarret had that racist and bigoted "joke" made at her expense and I am sickened that any Black or Muslim person has to keep hearing this sickness in 2018," she wrote.
Some tweeted their support for the actress, including British media personality Katie Hopkins.
"Never apologise @therealroseanne It only encourages the (expletive). Stand Strong," she wrote with the hashtag #MAGA.
Rosie O'Donnell called Barr's tweets "racist" and "childish" but overall seemed to accept the actress' apology.
March 31 NCI Inc:
* Q4 revenue $77.5 million versus I/B/E/S view $77.9 million
* NCI Inc- determined that actual amount of embezzlement during period from January 1, 2010, through January 10, 2017, was approximately $19.4 million
* NCI Inc- company has now completed its internal investigation into facts and circumstances surrounding embezzlement by its former controller
* NCI Inc- believes former controller acted alone, found no evidence any other NCI employee was aware of or colluded in embezzlement of company funds
* NCI Inc- found no evidence of any unlawful activity apart from that associated with former controller's embezzlement of company funds
* NCI Inc- to file amendments to previously issued qtrly reports on form 10-q for quarterly periods ended March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016, and Sept 30, 2016
* NCI Inc- to file amendments to previously issued qtrly reports on form 10-q for those periods for effect of embezzlement of co funds by former controller
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.08
* Qtrly adjusted earnings per share $0.23
* Q4 earnings per share view $0.20 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 revenue view $77.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
THURSTON COUNTY -- Who's targeting Jehovah's Witness churches in Thurston County? That's the question investigators are trying to answer after two Kingdom Halls were set on fire early Monday morning.
Surveillance video appears to show a man, bundled up in a jacket, with a hood over his head, walking up the sidewalk toward the Kingdom Hall in Olympia just before 8:30 a.m. Monday. Investigators believe he's carrying a gallon of gasoline in each hand.
A second surveillance camera shows the man pouring liquid next to the side of the church and moments later, there's a giant flash of fire and he runs off.
The Olympia Fire Department shared photos from the scene.
And members are hard at work cleaning up the aftermath. It's one of two suspicious fires being investigated as arson in Thurston County. The second fire was reported just a half-hour later and 15 minutes down the road at the Kingdom Hall in Tumwater.
Fire Chief Scott LaVielle says two elders arrived Monday morning and saw the smoke. They grabbed this garden hose and called 911.
“After the Olympia Fire Department arrived, too, they were coming back from the previous arson, when they arrived. They just had a fire at a Jehovah's Witness place and we started putting both of these things together and went, wow, looks like these are connected,” says LaVielle.
While investigators say they don't know why the two Jehovah's Witness places of worship were targeted, they are handing over all their evidence to the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms.
“ATF has jurisdiction when it comes to church fires. That was effective in 1996 when a lot of the churches were being burned in the South,” says LaVielle.
Inside the Tumwater facility, LaVielle estimates $15,000 in damage.
“I feel bad for them. I feel sorry that this happened and my hopes are that it's something we can get to the bottom of real quick,” says LaVielle.
The Olympia Fire Department estimates the damage at the facility there to run upwards of $50,000.
Fortunately, no one was inside either building when the fires were started.
SYDNEY, Australia — Australia won the toss and elected to bowl against New Zealand in their Twenty20 match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday.
Captain David Warner confirmed that Alex Carey and D'Arcy Short will make their Australian T20 debuts, with Short expected to open in place of the injured Aaron Finch.
New Zealand captain Kane Williams will have his full-strength bowling line-up of Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi and Trent Boult.
It was the first match in a tri-series tournament also involving England.
MANAMA, April 13 Fernando Alonso's Formula One rivals have applauded the Spaniard's decision to race in this year's Indianapolis 500 instead of the Monaco Grand Prix, while ruling out doing anything similar.
Mercedes' triple world champion Lewis Hamilton told reporters at the Bahrain Grand Prix on Thursday that it was a "pretty cool" move.
"I wouldn't miss out any of the races in Formula One," he added, although the Briton did express a desire to ride a MotoGP bike and race in NASCAR one day.
Alonso's Belgian rookie teammate Stoffel Vandoorne joked that he had decided to enter the Spa 24 Hours sportscar race on home soil instead of the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Mexican Sergio Perez said there was no question about where to race as far as he was concerned.
"I wouldn't miss Monaco to go to Indianapolis," he told Reuters. "Monaco for me is the most special weekend of the season, especially now that we have new cars, more loads, faster through the corners. I am so much looking forward to it.
"But at the same time I think it's a great challenge for Fernando."
BIG DECISION
Renault's Nico Hulkenberg, a Le Mans winner when that sportscar race did not clash with anything, said his situation had been completely different to Alonso's at McLaren.
"I would have never done it if I had to miss a race, especially Monaco," he told reporters. "Quite a big decision, big news obviously... I am a bit surprised like everybody about this situation."
"It sounds like a big challenge but obviously Fernando likes challenges."
Frenchman Romain Grosjean, who races for the U.S.-owned Haas team but for whom Monaco is currently a home race until France returns next year, said he was fully focused on F1 and questioned Alonso's priorities.
"I wouldn't skip a race, and especially Monaco," he said.
"I'm surprised he can skip a race and say, 'I'm going to do another race'. It's great for motorsport having a driver from Formula One going to Indianapolis, but you can do that when you've finished."
McLaren have failed to score any points in two races this season and last won a race in 2012, leaving double champion Alonso frustrated with their lack of success.
Grosjean's Danish teammate Kevin Magnussen, whose father Jan has competed in America and at Le Mans, said he understood the Spaniard's approach.
"I can see that with his situation it makes sense and it's a really cool thing to do," he said. "So I can understand it." (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ken Ferris)
Tennessee cheerleading coach on paid administrative leave
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Tennessee spirit coordinator Joy Postell-Gee is on paid administrative leave as the school reviews complaints she engaged in "inappropriate conduct and unsatisfactory work-related behavior."
Senior associate athletics director Donna Thomas sent a letter to Postell-Gee last week announcing the investigation. Postell-Gee isn't authorized to perform any university duties, contact students or visit campus while on leave.
Thomas' letter doesn't specify the nature of the complaints, but Postell-Gee's personnel file shows a 2017 report from the Office of Equity and Diversity indicates she made "several instances of racially and ethnically insensitive remarks" to school spirit squad members.
The Knoxville News-Sentinel first reported the complaints.
Postell-Gee received a final written warning Jan 29. She went on paid administrative leave earlier this year but was reinstated June 8. She's now back on leave.
Postell-Gee's personnel file includes a February letter in which she agreed that "this is a beyond serious matter" and added that she's "seeking your guidance and expertise as to what constitutes being verbally and mentally harassed, demeaning and insensitive comments and mistreatment."
In the February letter, Postell-Gee expressed concern that allegations had "apparently been accepted at face value." She referred to herself as a "very dedicated and loyal employee of 25 years."
Postell-Gee was hired as cheerleading coach in 1992. Her responsibilities as coordinator of Tennessee's spirit squad include overseeing the year-round activities of the school's cheerleaders, dance team members, mascots and spring sports ambassadors.
RPT-EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
MALE (Reuters) - The Supreme Court of the Maldives on Thursday ordered the immediate release of former president Mohamed Nasheed and eight other opposition leaders, saying their trials had violated the constitution and international law - but it also ordered new trials.
The country has been mired in political unrest sinceNasheed, its first democratically elected leader, was ousted in 2012. He was later sentenced to 13 years in jail on terrorism charges after a trial denounced as hasty and unfair by the United Nations human rights chief.
In its ruling on Thursday, the Supreme Court said it found that prosecutors and judges had been unduly influenced “to conduct politically motivated investigations” into the allegations levelled at Nasheed, former vice president Ahmed Adeeb and the other opposition leaders who had challenged President Abdulla Yameen.
It ordered fresh investigations and trials to be held.
It also nullified a ruling in which 12 legislators lost their parliamentary seats for defecting last July from Yameen's ruling party. Yameen lost his majority in the 85-member legislature after the defections.
Ibrahim Hussain Shihab, a spokesman for the President's Office, said in a statement that the government had questions about the ruling but would comply with it.
“The Administration will work to engage, and consult with, the Supreme Court in order to comply with the ruling in line with proper procedure and the rule of law.”
Attorney General Mohamed Anil said however that Yameen had dismissed the chief of police following the ruling after he had been unable to reach him to ensure law and order.
After the ruling, hundreds of opposition supporters cheered and waved national flags outside the main opposition Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) campaign centre.
Islamic prayers were also recited at the opposition rally,and people chanted: “The government is over.”
Maldives police said their commissioner - prior to his sacking by Yameen - and deputy commissioner had decided to enforce the ruling after seeking legal advice.
“Police have started work to enforce the ruling,” they said on Twitter.
President Yameen's official website said the defence minister had called on the Maldivian people to put on a united front and work together to maintain peace and stability.
U.S. Ambassador for Maldives Atul Keshap welcomed the Supreme Court decision. “I urge the government and security services to respect this ruling, which bolsters democracy and rule of law all Maldivians,” Keshap tweeted.
Nasheed, who has been in exile in the United Kingdom but wants to contest a presidential poll this year, had sought U.N. help to restore his political rights.
The joint opposition in a statement welcomed the rulingsand called for the immediate resignation of President Yameen.
“The Supreme Court's verdict effectively ends PresidentYameen's authoritarian rule,” it said in a statement.
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — The rival Koreas on Wednesday began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea.
Players from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other at the North Korean capital's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium.
A capacity crowd of 12,000 at the arena applauded as the two women's teams — dressed in white jerseys that read "Peace" and green jerseys that read "Prosperity" — marched onto the court holding hands. Team Prosperity defeated Team Peace 103-102, with North Korea's Ro Suk Yong scoring 18 points, according to pool reports. The game between the men's mixed teams that followed ended in a 102-102 tie.
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men's and women's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday.
The games precede a visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North's nuclear program.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, a noted basketball fan, didn't appear at the gymnasium on Wednesday. It wasn't clear whether he would attend on Thursday.
"Once they started playing, the players showed quick chemistry and I was proud of them," said Lee Moon-kyu, the head coach of South Korea's women's team, who will also lead a combined Koreas team at the Asian Games next month in Indonesia. Lee, who plans to bring two or three North Korean players to the Asian Games, said he was impressed with "No. 9 and No. 7 on Team Peace," referring to North Korea's Ri Jong Ok and Jang Mi Kyong.
North Korea's sports minister, Kim Il Guk, said in a speech that the games reflect the "revered determination of the leaders of the North and South to bring forward the future of a self-reliant unification."
The South Korean delegation, including 50 players and government officials, arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday on two military aircraft.
"It feels like the first time I came here all over again," said Hur Jae, head coach of South Korea's men's national team, who previously visited Pyongyang for a joint game in 2003. Hur, a former guard whose two sons are among the players who travelled to the North, talked about his friendship with retired North Korean player Ri Myong Hun, a 7-foot-9 (2.35-meter) centre who anchored the country's national team during the 1990s and early 2000s.
National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada.
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean.
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat.
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world.
The council says consumers are responsible for almost half that waste.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
(Updates with futures closing price, analyst quote)
TOKYO, April 13 The benchmark 10-year Japanese government bond yield edged higher on Thursday after plumbing its lowest level since November and coming within a whisker of zero.
For the most part of the session, JGBs took cues from lower U.S. Treasury yields and were underpinned by solid demand at a 30-year JGB auction.
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield fell one basis point to 0.005 percent, but was one basis point higher at 0.025 percent in late afternoon trade.
The Bank of Japan, in its yield curve control policy, pledged to guide the 10-year JGB to around zero percent.
"Some people bought on momentum, when the curve flattened" after the 30-year sale, said Naomi Muguruma, senior strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
"We all know that the BOJ's target is around zero, so the consensus view is that they would probably taper once the 10-year yield hit that level. So there was some profit-taking," she said.
The outlook for JGBs also depends on the situation in North Korea, she said, with safe-haven buying expected to underpin demand on any escalations.
North Korea may have the capacity to deliver missiles equipped with sarin nerve gas, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday, amid concerns that the reclusive state could soon conduct its sixth nuclear test or more missile launches.
While 10-year JGB futures rose to a session high of 151.15 in afternoon trade, their highest since November, before paring gains as cash bonds sold off and finished only 0.01 point higher at 150.91.
The U.S. benchmark Treasury yield approached five-month lows on Wednesday, prompted by U.S. President Donald Trump's comments on favouring low interest rates. It continued to slip in Asian trading, and last stood at 2.242 percent, down from the U.S. close of 2.296 percent. It touched 2.221 percent earlier, the lowest since November.
On Thursday, Japan's Ministry of Finance offered 800 billion yen ($7.35 billion) of 30-year JGBs with a 0.8 percent coupon, and 98.5832 percent of the bids accepted at the lowest price of 100.05.
The sale drew bids 3.08 times the amount offered, down from the previous sale's bid-to-cover ratio of 3.14 times.
However, the tail - the gap between the average and lowest accepted prices - narrowed to 0.07, compared with that of last month's offering at 0.19, indicating stronger demand for the bonds.
The outcome bolstered the super-long tenor, with 30-year yield slipping 4 basis points to 0.770 percent, its lowest since late January. In late trading, it stood at 0.790 percent, down 2 basis points.
The 20-year yield fell half a basis points to 0.580 percent after falling to 0.550 percent earlier, its lowest since December.
The five-year yield dropped one basis point to minus 0.175 percent, its lowest since November, but was last flat at minus 0.165 percent. ($1 = 108.8000 yen) (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Sam Holmes and Vyas Mohan)
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and her beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser, Apollo in the Hamptons, which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City.
Related: J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘LOVE' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys, Jon Bon Jovi, Jamie Foxx, Matt Lauer, Howard Stern, Priyanka Chopra, Chris Rock, Christie Brinkley, Robert Downey Jr., among others.
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for his hits including “SexyBack,” “Rock Your Body,” and “My Love,” reports Entertainment Tonight.
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event. “Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it!,” he captioned a photo on Instagram.
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York. The couple shared a recent “Sunday Funday” while posing with some of the city's iconic artwork, including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana.
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it! #Hamptons (📸: @kevinmazur) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
Madonna's twin daughters are dressed up in her love — and her wigs!
The pop icon, 58, took to Instagram on Monday to share a sweet photo of the newest additions to her family, Esther and Stella, 4 ½, striking a candid pose while trying on a brunette and blonde wig from their mom's collection.
“Getting Ready For the week Ahead,” she captioned the post of the girls, who also sport matching pink and blue tulle dresses and accessorize with a silver wand in the picture.
Getting Ready For the week Ahead! 😂💘🌈🙏🏻🌸💘🌼🌼🍭🎉🎉😍 A post shared by Madonna (@madonna) on Apr 17, 2017 at 9:31am PDT
Though this is a new look for the twins, they rock matching outfits in almost all of Madonna's posts. The two recently donned the same red tracksuit and sneakers in Central Park in a post with the caption, “Sometimes its best to be an I Don't Care Bear.”
Sometimes its best to be an I Don't Care Bear! 🐻🐻😎😎🌈🎉😂🙏🏻💘 @mini_rodini A post shared by Madonna (@madonna) on Apr 10, 2017 at 1:50pm PDT
Madonna adopted the twins from Malawi in February, and she has shared a number of their milestones on social media since then — including their first Barbie Dolls and singing “Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.”
Over the weekend, Madonna shared snaps of the girls as they celebrated Easter with an egg hunt and a dip in the pool.
Gang-Gang! 🐰Easter Egg Hunt! 🐣🌈🎉😂💜💚🌈🙏🏻😂🐣🎉😇🌸🌺🌼🍭 A post shared by Madonna (@madonna) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:55pm PDT
Esther and Stella join big siblings David Banda, 11, Mercy James, 11, Rocco John, 16, and Lourdes, 20.
“I can officially confirm I have completed the process of adopting twin sisters from Malawi and am overjoyed that they are now part of our family,” Madonna captioned a photo of herself and her daughters in February. “I am deeply grateful to all those in Malawi who helped make this possible, and I ask the media please to respect our privacy during this transitional time.”
April 28 Ferrellgas Partners Lp-
* Ferrellgas Partners L.P. announces amendment to its revolving credit facility
* Ferrellgas Partners Lp - facility is now 'right-sized' at $575 million compared to previous $700 million, eliminating $125 million of excess availability Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON, D.C. — President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message Thursday night, telling reporters as he posed for photos with his senior military leaders that this might be “the calm before the storm.”
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided he wanted the press to document a dinner he was holding with the military leaders and their wives.
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room, where they walked into a scene of the president, his highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo. The cameras clicked and they smiled. A joke was made about someone's face being tired. Live classical music played.
Then, Trump gestured to the reporters in the room.
Trump: “You guys know what this represents? Maybe it's the calm before the storm.”
Reporter: “What's the storm?”
Trump: “It could be … the calm, the calm before the storm.”
Reporter: “Iran? ISIS? What storm, Mr. President?”
Trump: “We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that. And uh, we're gonna have a great evening, thank you all for coming.” Reporter: “What storm, Mr. President?” Trump: “You'll find out.”
Earlier in the evening, the president had lauded the group, including his defense secretary and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country, including North Korea and Iran.
Trump said “tremendous progress” had been made with respect to the Islamic State group, adding, “I guess the media's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.”
He also denounced Iran, saying the country should not be allowed to obtain nuclear weapons, and offered another stark warning to North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
“We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or allies with unimaginable loss of life,” he said, vowing to “do what we must do to prevent that from happening and it will be done, if necessary. Believe me.”
He also said that, moving forward, he expects those in the room to provide him with “a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace.”
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
State court filing: Law aimed at LGBT community does nothing new Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
NASHVILLE (AP) — A new law that's been criticized as discriminatory against same-sex couples actually does "nothing new at all," Tennessee's attorney general contends in a legal filing.
Attorney General Herbert Slatery made that argument last week in a motion to dismiss a lawsuit filed by four married lesbian couples expecting children through artificial insemination.
The law requires using the "natural and ordinary meaning" of words in state law. Gay rights groups have contended that the requirement offers a sneaky way to deny same-sex couples the legal rights and protections granted to a "husband," a "wife," a "father" or "mother."
In the lawsuit filed last month in Davidson County Chancery Court, the couples say they fear the law will be used to interpret gender-specific words literally so one parent won't be recognized.
The state's response says the new law only codifies a longstanding rule, and "in no way changes the law that has been in existence for decades."
The new law should be considered alongside a more-specific state law requiring gender-specific words to be interpreted as inclusive, the state's motion says. Previously, Slatery issued an opinion that said a judge would likely side with the state law requiring gender-inclusive interpretations.
The couples who filed the lawsuit acknowledge that the Tennessee Department of Health already recognizes the wife of a woman who gives birth through artificial insemination as the other parent, according to the motion.
The couples "assert nothing more than a theoretical 'fear' that the Department will act differently in the future and a desire for 'protection' from that hypothetical and contingent eventuality," the state's motion says.
After signing the measure into law last month, Republican Gov. Bill Haslam said it doesn't change the fact that a U.S. Supreme Court ruling makes same-sex marriage the law of the land.
The lead plaintiff in that landmark Supreme Court case, Jim Obergefell, had joined LGBT advocacy groups in calling for Haslam to veto it.
The law was pushed by the Family Action Council of Tennessee, which advocates for one-man, one-woman marriage.
Another bill this year explicitly cited "husband," ''wife," ''mother," and "father" as having natural and ordinary meanings based on the biological distinctions between men and women. That bill gained no traction. The measure that ultimately passed avoids those specifics, and merely states that any word undefined in state law must be used according to its "natural and ordinary meaning."
The state's motion also points out that in a divorce proceeding last month, a Knox County judge ruled that the wife of a woman who conceived a child through artificial insemination was a parent. That ruling came before the new law was signed.
The judge had initially ruled differently, saying in June 2016 that the wife had no parental rights because she did not meet the legal definition of "husband."
Dozens of conservative Tennessee lawmakers had tried to intervene in the case, but the judge rejected the request.
March 31Julong Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 40 percent to 60 percent, or to be 14.8 million yuan to 16.9 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 10.5 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are smoothly working of business and effective cost control
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/zEWGVs
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 3 Hathway Cable and Datacom Ltd
* Hathway cable and datacom -says completion of transfer of cable television business by way of slump sale to hathway digital private limited Source text:[Hathway cable and datacom -says completion of transfer of cable television business by way of slump sale to hathway digital private limited] Further company coverage:
LONDON U.S. oil firm Cobalt said it would seek arbitration if Angola's state-run Sonangol failed to extend license deadlines on two deepwater blocks, a move the U.S. company said was needed to help it sell the assets.
Cobalt said its efforts to find a buyer for its 40 percent stakes in Blocks 20 and 21 offshore Angola were "negatively impacted by the uncertainty surrounding the extension".
Cobalt has been trying to sell the blocks for several years. A deal to sell the licenses to Sonangol in a $1.75 billion deals collapsed in 2016 because required approvals from the Angolan government did not come in time.
"We may be unable to consummate the sale of our Angolan assets on favorable terms, or at all" without the extensions, Cobalt said in a filing with the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission.
Sonangol declined to comment on Cobalt's statement.
Cobalt said it still wanted to find buyer and expected Sonangol to extend deadlines for exploration and development targets by at least a year, plus the time to taken to resolve the dispute.
Although Cobalt owns 40 percent of the blocks and Sonangol has 30 percent, the Angolan state company holds the rights to extend exploration deadlines for production sharing agreements.
BP, which also has 30 percent in the consortium, declined to comment.
"We hope to resolve things amicably with Sonangol," Cobalt said, saying it had submitted a notice of dispute to Sonangol on March 8 of its intention to pursue arbitration under the International Chamber of Commerce and would "seek all available remedies at law or in equity" if needed.
Cobalt also said it could seek protection under a bilateral investment treaty between Germany and Angola because its Angolan assets were indirectly held by a German subsidiary.
Cobalt said it would "continue to fulfill its obligations" as operator on the blocks but did not plan any material investments in Angola until the issue was resolved.
Anish Kapadia, managing director at investment bank Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co., said other firms would be reluctant to develop the assets while any arbitration was underway.
"In this current environment, it's hard to see anyone taking that risk," Kapadia said.
Iain Quirk, a UK arbitration consultant with the International Chamber of Commerce and barrister with Essex Court Chambers, said such disputes could take years but an arbitration request could be quickly be withdrawn if a deal was reach privately.
(Additional reporting by Ron Bousso; Editing by Edmund Blair)
FILE PHOTO: A sign of Tencent is seen during the third annual World Internet Conference in Wuzhen town of Jiaxing, Zhejiang province, China November 16, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
DETROIT China's Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK) has bought a 5 percent stake in U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) for $1.78 billion (1.43 billion pounds), the latest investment by a Chinese internet company in the potentially lucrative market for self-driving vehicles and related services.
Tencent's investment, revealed in a U.S. regulatory filing, provides Tesla with a deep-pocketed ally as it prepares to launch its mass-market Model 3. Tesla's shares rose 2.7 percent to $277.45 on Tuesday, closing in on Ford Motor Co (F.N) as the second-most-valuable U.S. auto company behind General Motors Co (GM.N).
Tencent also could help the U.S. company sell - or even build - cars in China, the world's largest auto market, analysts said.
"It certainly is a strong chess move for Tesla," said Jeff Schuster, senior vice president of forecasting for researcher LMC Automotive, citing the cash infusion and "help in navigating the Chinese market."
Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk on Tuesday tweeted: "Glad to have Tencent as an investor and adviser to Tesla." Musk did not say what he meant by "adviser" but in a separate tweet he noted Tesla had "very few" Model 3 orders from China, where the car has not been formally introduced.
The midsize Model 3 is due to go on sale later this year in the United States.
The deal expands Tencent's presence in an emerging investment sector that includes self-driving electric cars, which could enable such new modes of transportation as automated ride-sharing and delivery services, as well as ancillary services ranging from infotainment to e-commerce.
Those new technologies, and their potential to create new business models and revenue streams in the global transportation sector, have attracted billions in investment from China's three tech giants - Tencent, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) and Baidu Inc (BIDU.O).
In an investor note, Morgan Stanley auto analyst Adam Jonas said on Tuesday that he "would not be surprised" to see Tencent and Tesla collaborate in the development and deployment of some of those technologies.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the Chinese investment in Tesla, but President Donald Trump has been critical of U.S. automakers and of China trade policies.
Founded in 1998 by entrepreneur Ma Huateng, Tencent is one of Asia's largest tech companies, best known for its WeChat mobile messaging app. With a market capitalization of about $275 billion, it is roughly six times the size of 14-year-old Tesla, whose $45 billion market cap on Tuesday was only $1 billion shy of 114-year-old Ford.
Tencent was an early investor in NextEV, a Shanghai-based electric vehicle startup that since has rebranded itself as Nio, with U.S. headquarters in San Jose, not far from Tesla's Palo Alto base. Tencent also has funded at least two other Chinese EV startups, including Future Mobility in Shenzhen.
In addition, Tencent has invested in Didi Chuxing, the world's second-largest ride services company behind Uber, and in Lyft, Uber's chief U.S. rival.
Baidu has invested in Nio, as well as in Uber and Velodyne, a California maker of laser-based lidar sensors for self-driving cars. Alibaba's mobility investments include Didi and Lyft.
As Tesla is doing, many of the start-up companies backed by Tencent, Baidu and Alibaba are developing self-driving systems that eventually could be introduced in commercial ride-sharing fleets in the United States and China after 2020.
Tencent maintains a U.S. office in Palo Alto, in the heart of California's Silicon Valley. Beijing-based Baidu and Hangzhou-based Alibaba also maintain offices in Silicon Valley.
Tencent owns about 8.2 million shares in Tesla, the carmaker said. It is the fifth-largest shareholder, behind Musk and investment companies Fidelity, Baillie Gifford and T. Rowe Price.(bit.ly/2nvNeMI)
To help fund Model 3 production, Tesla raised about $1.2 billion by selling common shares and convertible debt earlier this month. Tencent said its shares were acquired as part of the early March equity sale and on the open market.
Musk had a stake of about 21 percent as of Dec. 31.
(Additional reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru, Sijia Jiang in Hong Kong and David Shepardson in Washington; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Dan Grebler)
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent (5 million shares), from 5.4 percent (1.7 million shares)
With Wednesday's release of "The First Purge," we've seen four entires into the "Purge" series since 2013. What is it about these movies that has caused them to stick around and haunt our movie theaters, DVRs, wallets and collective imaginations?
Bain Capital Private Equity has decided not to proceed with the acquisition of Belgian packaging company Resilux (RESI.BR) due to an anti-trust ruling in Germany, the investment company said on Tuesday.
Bain Capital said Germany's anti-trust authority had informed it the combined acquisition of Resilux and UK peer Petainer Topco had not received a so-called phase I clearance and would need to have a phase II review.
The phase I review takes roughly a month. The regulator typically opens a phase II investigation of up to a further three months if it has serious concerns a deal may harm consumers and rivals.
This made the transaction difficult to pursue as a result of the timeline for delisting Resilux, Bain Capital said.
"The decision not to pursue the acquisition does not reflect any change in opinion on the strengths of either Resilux NV or Petainer, nor is it the result of adverse due diligence findings," Bain Capital said in a statement.
Resilux shares have risen 15 percent to 187.25 euros since it was announced in early February that Bain Capital was considering a 195 euros per share bid. That valued the company at about 386 million euros ($419 million).
Resilux was not immediately available for comment.
Shares in the company were suspended on Tuesday morning.
(Reporting by Alan Charlish; Editing by Mark Potter)
CHICAGO — Max Strus had 14 points, Tre'Darius McCallum added 13 and DePaul beat Alabama A&M 83-59 on Monday night.
Brandon Cyrus scored 12 and Austin Grandstaff had 11 for the Blue Demons (6-4), who won their fifth straight while keeping the Bulldogs (0-9) winless. DePaul has its longest streak since winning seven straight in the 2012-13 season.
DePaul opened the game with a 25-5 run and led by 29 before going into halftime up 48-22. The Blue Demons kept the lead above 20 except once when the Bulldogs made it 53-34 early in the period.
DePaul had its largest lead at 76-45 on McCallum's 3-pointer with 5:32 to go.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
CLEVELAND — Andrew Miller can start a throwing program as the Indians' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in his right knee.
Miller, who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in his knee, visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday. The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can "begin a gradual progression back to mound activity."
While there is no timetable for Miller to return, the fact that he doesn't need surgery and can resume throwing is great news for the Indians.
Other than Cy Young Award winner Corey Kluber, Miller is the most important pitcher on the club's staff, and if the Indians are going to make a run at a World Series title they'll need the 33-year-old healthy.
Miller was vital to the Indians winning the 2016 pennant as manager Terry Francona rode him hard during the post-season.
On Tuesday, Indians team president Chris Antonetti said surgery was not being discussed for Miller, who is only signed through this season.
One of baseball's most dominant late-inning relievers, Miller hasn't been effective since coming off the DL on May 11. He opened the season with 10 scoreless innings before hurting his left hamstring.
He is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
Francona said getting a second opinion was important for the team and Miller.
"I think a lot of this is to give guys peace of mind," he said. "Not that it doesn't hurt. We know what's there, but even he said, 'If I know this is what it is and I have to deal with it, I can.' So, there are multiple reasons why you do it. But one is also for peace of mind, sure."
CHENNAI, India, May 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Brands sourcing garments, shoes, leather and natural stones from India must help create and sustain child labour-free zones by mapping their supply chains and working with communities to boost school enrolment, activists said on Tuesday.
The Stop Child Labour Coalition of charities recently launched a campaign with guidelines for companies to help ensure that children living in "labour hotspots" finish school.
"Brands must take responsibility and share their profits to help keep children in school," said A. Aloysius, founder of Social Awareness and Voluntary Education, a charity in the south Indian textile hub of Tirupur that is part of the coalition.
From ensuring fair wages for adult labourers to working with village councils on enrolment drives and improving access to education, the campaign aims to make "potential child labourers work only in schools".
According to the International Labour Organization, more than half of India's estimated 5.7 million child workers between the ages of 5 and 17 toil on farms, and over a quarter are in manufacturing on tasks such as embroidering clothes, weaving carpets and making matchsticks.
Children also work in restaurants and hotels, and as domestic workers.
A 2017 UNICEF report, based on Indian census data, says the proportion of child workers in the 5- to 9-year age group jumped to 25 percent in 2011 from 15 percent in 2001.
Many companies do not engage children in their own facilities but have no checks when they subcontract production to smaller factories or home workers, where the prevalence of child labour increases drastically, campaigners say.
"Child labour has often moved further down the supply chain, making monitoring more difficult," said Venkat Reddy of the M V Foundation, a charity in the coalition.
The coalition's guidelines urge the private sector, civil society and government to work together on interventions for child labour-free zones.
After applying these guidelines, two communities in Tirupur with some 20,000 households in December were declared child labour-free.
"It was the first time that small garment manufacturers in the area agreed to work with us on the issue," Aloysius said.
The guidelines draw from successful interventions in the cotton fields of Andhra Pradesh, stone quarries of Rajasthan and shoemaking workshops of Agra.
"Like a quality check section, we want brands to add a social responsibility unit in the factories," Reddy said.
"Supply chains run deep and brands know that. They don't have to build schools, just be part of programmes to keep children in school."
(Reporting by Anuradha Nagaraj, Editing by Alisa Tang.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking and climate change. Visit www.trust.org)
Armie Hammer and Timothée Chalamet weren't anxiously waiting by the phone to hear the news of their Golden Globe nominations on Monday morning.
The Call Me By Your Name stars, who received nods for their respective roles, tell PEOPLE they were both in bed when news of their nominations came in.
“I guess if you're going to be woken up at 5am it might as well be with this kind of call,” jokes Hammer. “But then your day peaks at and where do you go from there?”
Chalamet says he decided not wake up to watch the nominations in order to avoid getting his hopes up.
“I didn't want to anticipate this at all. I was stunned by this,” he says. “My mom texted me ‘Yeah!' I love it.”
Hammer, on the other hand, was on daddy-duty at the time.
“I have two children under the age of three, so I was actually awake,” he says. “I was trying to go back to sleep when my phone started going off like crazy. My wife called me crying.”
Call Me By Your Name follows Elio (Chalamet), the teenage son of a prominent professor who falls for his father's live-in academic assistant, Oliver (Hammer), across a sweaty, sun-kissed summer in the northern Italian region of Crema.
Fred Duval/FilmMagic
At 21, Chamalet is the youngest film nominee among this year's hopefuls. The actor says he is still having trouble finding the words to express his excitement.
“It feels surreal. This is what you dream about,” he says. “I've always looked to Armie as a role model and a brother in these situations. He's always been wise to say this is really a moment to sit in and celebrate because it's not always like this.”
This marks both Hammer and Chalamet's first Golden Globe nomination. Chalamet has already taken home the awards at the New York Film Critics and Gotham Awards.
“It's nice of Timothée, who up to this point, has won every single award out there to share it,” Hammer jokes.
Seth Meyers is set to host the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. The comedian and Late Night host takes over hosting duties from pal Jimmy Fallon after the Tonight Show host headed the show in 2017.
The 75th Golden Globes Awards will air live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel's Grand Ballroom on Jan. 7 on NBC.
* Chip equipment makers surge
* Foreign investors net sellers of Japanese shares last week
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, March 30 Japan's Nikkei share average edged down on Thursday morning pressured by a pause in the weak yen trend, while mining shares firmed on gains in oil prices.
The Nikkei dropped 0.2 percent to 19,175.10 in midmorning trade.
The dollar slumped on Monday and hit Japanese equities after the U.S. House of Representatives pulled a bill to overhaul U.S. healthcare insurance, which knocked the wind out of the dollar-supportive "Trump trade."
The U.S. currency was up 0.1 percent at 111.195 yen, but far lower than a level above 115 yen hit a few weeks ago.
"Investors have bought Japanese stocks mainly because of the strong dollar-yen trend. Trump's healthcare defeat threw a wet blanket on the Japan market's rally since last November," said Takuya Takahashi, a strategist at Daiwa Securities.
Japanese stocks have soared more than 10 percent since Trump's election on hopes his administration will boost U.S. economic growth to 3 percent or even higher.
On Thursday, Japanese insurers and banks, which hunt for higher yield products, were weaker after U.S. Treasury debt yields slid on lingering uncertainty surrounding the Trump administration's economic policies.
MS&AD Insurance dropped 0.6 percent, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group shed 0.5 percent and Mizuho Financial Group declined 0.8 percent.
Analysts said that while investors focus on Trump's economic stimulus policies, investors may pick up Japanese stocks with strong earnings prospects such as semiconductor equipment makers.
On Thursday, Tokyo Electron rose 1.5 percent and Advantest Corp surged 1.9 percent.
Also outperforming the market were mining stocks, with Inpex Corp rising 1.3 percent and Japan Petroleum Exploration Co gaining 0.5 percent after oil prices rose more than 2 percent on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, capital flows data showed that foreign investors remained net sellers of Japanese stocks for the week ending on March 25.
Foreigners sold a net 754.3 billion yen worth of shares in the week through Mar. 25, after selling a net 585.3 billion yen in the week before that.
The broader Topix declined 0.4 percent to 1,536.23 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 dropped 0.4 percent to 13,731.70. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Disco, anyone?
To give a warm welcome to 2017, Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick braved the cold weather of Aspen, Colorado — and danced on the wing of an airplane!
“Disco disco,” Kardashian, 37, captioned an Instagram video of herself and Disick, 33, sporting wintry clothing while showing off their dance moves on the wing of a jet.
The exes, who share three children together — Mason, 7, Penelope, 4, and Reign, 2 — rang in the new year with one another, along with their three kids, in Aspen's winter wonderland.
Disco disco @letthelordbewithyou A video posted by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Jan 2, 2017 at 11:14am PST
Just two days prior to the new year, the former couple, who also spent Thanksgiving together, hit the snowy slopes of Colorado.
“Mom and Dad,” Kardashian captioned a shot of the pair sitting side-by-side on a ski lift.
Mom and Dad A photo posted by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Dec 30, 2016 at 5:58pm PST
In November, PEOPLE reported that the duo, who ended their nine-year relationship last July, are getting along great and are now living together again.
“For a long time, it really seemed like Kourtney was completely over Scott. She was acting very disappointed. It seemed she would never take him back. Then Scott decided to turn things around,” a source said of Disick's decision to change his behavior. “It was like he finally realized that he needed his family. For the past few months, Scott has been amazing. He isn't sober, but very well behaved. He has shown Kourtney that she and the kids are his number one priority.”
MARYSVILLE, Wash. — About 100 Army Reserve soldiers from Marysville will soon say goodbye to their loved ones ahead of a deployment to Kuwait.
Cake, drinks, and balloons. It looks like a party. But it's a bittersweet send-off ceremony for the 477th Transportation Company.
“Last night it kind of really hit me when I got home and she had all her stuff packed and I said, oh OK, I guess this is actually happening,” Benjamin Tsuffis said of his mother.
A deployment to Kuwait will separate these Army Reservists and their families for several months.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Tsuffis said he's surely missed his mother.
"She's a strong woman. I know that she'll make it back and everything will be OK."
It's that optimism that's holding the Saenz family together.
"I have a husband in the service, my son is in the service. I couldn't be more proud."
Marine Lance Cpl. Austin Garza followed in the footsteps of his Army stepfather, Staff Sgt. Saenz.
But some who are leaving and others who are heartbroken don't really remember the moment when everything changed for the world -- September 11, 2001.
"I remember seeing one of the planes in the buildings and then being put into the car in the car seat or booster seat and going to school that day," Tsuffis said.
That memory from the first grade is partly why Tsuffis won't be seeing his mother anytime soon.
"I don't remember it then, but that's actually what made me join the military as well," Garza said.
But he does remember missing his stepdad when he deployed in 2008.
What these families want is simple -- support and appreciation from their fellow Americans.
"Be the kind of American my husband wants to go to war for."
For Jessie J, working out is a way to get fit and feel strong — something that's particularly important to her as she manages a heart condition.
The singer, 29, inherited Wolff-Parkinson-White disease — a condition that means she has an extra electrical pathway in her heart that causes shortness of breath and dizziness — from her father, and his father before him.
“It doesn't go away, sadly. It's just something that I've had to deal with since I was a child, and it pushed me to get stronger. It's just part of who I am,” Jessie J, a spokesperson for Propel Electrolyte Water, tells PEOPLE.
But after undergoing surgeries as a child, she doesn't worry too much about burning out during concerts or her workouts — she's learned how to monitor her body.
“I do have to make sure I stay healthy and look after myself,” Jessie J says. “I kind of love that I have something that pushes me to be healthier.”
5am gym 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻 A post shared by J E S S I E . J (@jessiej) on Apr 11, 2017 at 5:10am PDT
And she attributes her positive outlook about her condition to her parents.
“I credit that to my mum and dad. Because even when I was in hospital as a kid and I was having operations, and I was let out of hospital to go to school rehearsals for plays and I would go back in at night, but they never let it define me, or make me feel different,” she says. “They always told me to use it as a strength and I know that I inspire anyone who has an illness or feels trapped.”
Now, as part of her partnership with Propel, the “Domino” singer is encouraging people to workout “ugly,” and not to care about how they look in the gym.
“I just wanted to recreate the way people see the word ugly,” she says. “For me it's like, don't care, stop judging yourself, get on with it, get sweaty, get fit. Who cares what you look like? Don't wear makeup; your hair's going to be a mess. Just do it.”
From Coinage: 4 Ways to Work Out Without Killing Your Wallet
While Jessie J enjoys using social media, she thinks it leads to unrealistic expectations.
“People say that you're too skinny, or you're too fat. You're never enough,” she says. “I think it's so fickle and silly. I'm comfortable in my own skin, so I try to inspire people who aren't there yet to get there.”
#holidaypics 🌹🌹🌹 A post shared by J E S S I E . J (@jessiej) on Apr 9, 2017 at 12:53pm PDT
And overall, she focuses on trying to “be good to myself” — while keeping her heart condition in mind.
“I go out with nice boys who don't break my heart,” she says. “Because it's sore already.”
(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc's (AMZN.O) shares surged on Friday, pushing its stock market value above $700 billion (494.25 billion pounds) and threatening to eclipse Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O), a day after the online retailing behemoth reported blockbuster results.
Amazon's stock was up 3.7 percent at $1,441 per share in afternoon trade, on track for a record high close and putting its market capitalisation at $701 billion. The stock traded as high as $1,498.
Microsoft fell 2.2 percent to $92.97, trimming its market capitalisation to about $711 billion.
Apple Inc (AAPL.O), the world's most valuable listed company, was worth $827 billion on Friday after reporting disappointing iPhone sales on Thursday. Its stock fell 3.7 percent to $161.57.
The major stock indexes fell as much as 2.1 percent in a broad retreat. [.N]
At least 13 brokerages raised their price targets for Amazon after it posted record profits, pointing to growth potential from increasing global Prime subscriptions and a market-leading cloud business.
Analysts at Jefferies, Wedbush and Credit Suisse were the most bullish, boosting their targets to $1,750. At that price, Amazon would be worth about $850 billion.
Microsoft's stock has jumped 150 percent to new highs since Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella took over in 2014 and made the company a major player in cloud computing while reducing its dependence on a tepid personal computer industry.
But Microsoft has failed to keep up with Amazon shares, which have surged 73 percent in the past 12 months.
Amazon revenue has been growing at a scorching pace as more shopping moves online and businesses shift their computing operations to the cloud, where Amazon Web Services (AWS) leads the market.
AWS, which competes with Microsoft's Azure and Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google Cloud platform, reported a 45 percent jump in revenue to $5.1 billion in the quarter.
“AWS is still adding more incremental dollars than all public cloud competitors combined,” Barclays analyst Ross Sandler said.
The high-margin business, which accounts for a significant chunk of Amazon's operating profit, has been providing cash for investments and supporting the razor-thin margins in retail.
Amazon's earlier investments in warehouses have yielded results for the company as lower shipping costs boosted its quarterly operating margin to 3.5 percent, its highest fourth-quarter margin since 2010, analysts said.
Wall Street analysts are overwhelmingly bullish on Amazon, with 46 of 50 brokerages rating it “buy” or higher, three “hold” and only one “sell.” Their median price target is $1,580.
President Donald Trump again lamented his choice for attorney general on Wednesday, writing on Twitter he wishes he'd chosen someone other than Jeff Sessions, who enraged the President when he recused himself from the Russia investigation.
It was the latest evidence of Trump's ongoing pre-occupation with the probe led by special counsel Robert Mueller. Despite declaring earlier this week he was diverting his attention to more pressing matters, like North Korea and trade, Trump has continued to vent on Twitter about the controversy he's described as a “witch hunt.”
It was Sessions who attracted his ire on Wednesday, a day after The New York Times described an angry meeting in Florida last year when Trump demanded Sessions reverse his decision to step away from Russia-related matters. The newspaper reported Mueller was looking into the episode.
Quoting Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-South Carolina, who noted on CBS earlier Wednesday that Trump “could have picked somebody else” for the position, Trump tweeted, “I wish I did!”
Gowdy was responding to a question about whether Trump may have obstructed justice in reportedly asking Sessions in March 2017 to reverse his decision to recuse himself in the probe, as The New York Times reported.
The South Carolina Republican said he believed Trump was “expressing frustration” that Sessions should have shared his reasons for recusal before accepting the role of attorney general.
Trump has frequently criticized Sessions over his recusal, which paved the way for Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to appoint special counsel Robert Mueller to investigate Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Trump has viewed the decision as an expression of disloyalty, and the relationship between the two men has soured.
But Trump's frequent fits of fury over Sessions have only further attracted the special counsel's attention. Sessions himself has sat for an interview with Mueller, and Trump's views of his attorney general's recusal are among the questions investigators have for Trump should he do the same.
Trump has scaled up his attacks of the Mueller investigation in recent days, including suggesting on Tuesday that Mueller's team would meddle in the midterm congressional elections.
It's part of a strategy to undercut the probe as politically motivated and rigged.
In an interview with The New York Times last July, the President said he would not have chosen Sessions to be his attorney general had he known Sessions would step away from matters related to the 2016 presidential campaign.
Trump and his attorney general's relationship has suffered greatly since Sessions' decision to recuse himself. Sessions, a top Trump campaign surrogate, announced the decision in March 2017 after it was revealed that he had contacts with Russia's ambassador to the US during the 2016 election.
In the past year, Trump has publicly referred to his attorney general as “beleaguered” and even referred to Sessions in February as “Mr. Magoo” behind closed doors, according to The Washington Post.
Trump also has privately complained that Sessions has not adequately defended him, multiple sources have told CNN over the past year.
Sessions has stood by his decision and continued to offer no public signal that he intends to step down in face of the criticism, despite an apparent offer to resign after Trump berated him and called him an “idiot” last year.
FILE PHOTO: A German soldier holds NATO flag during a ceremony to welcome the German battalion being deployed to Lithuania as part of NATO deterrence measures against Russia in Rukla, Lithuania February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
NORFOLK, Va. Climate change poses a global security threat that all countries must fight together, a NATO general said on Wednesday, as U.S. President Donald Trump nears a decision on whether to pull out of the Paris climate deal.
The comments were the strongest yet from the U.S.-European military alliance about the importance of upholding the Paris accord. They come amid lingering tensions between the leadership of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and Trump, who at one point called NATO "obsolete".
"There is a huge necessity that the U.N. continues to involve all nations and coordinate the action of all nations," to fight climate change, General Denis Mercier, NATO's supreme allied commander for transformation, told Reuters on the sidelines of a conference in Norfolk, Virginia.
"If one nation, especially the biggest nation ... if they do not recognise a problem, then we will have trouble dealing with the causes," of climate change, said Mercier.
Though he did not single out any country by name, the United States is the world's biggest economy and the second largest emitter of greenhouse gases after China.
Trump, a Republican, is weighing whether the United States should stay in the Paris climate agreement, a deal struck by nearly 200 countries in 2015 to limit global warming by reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and to provide funds to poor countries dealing with the effects of climate change.
Trump has complained that the United States was treated unfairly in the agreement because it would pay more than other countries to fight global warming. He is expected to decide in the next week or two on whether the country will leave the pact, or stay in with reduced commitments.
His Democratic predecessor, former President Barack Obama, had pledged a 26 percent to 28 percent cut in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels, by 2025.
NATO's duty when it comes to climate change is to try to predict its impacts on geopolitical stability, said Mercier, who is French. He said risks include rising seas, water scarcity and the opening of access to resources in the Arctic - all of which he said are likely to bring about new conflicts that could involve the 28 NATO countries.
A global effort to stem climate change could help the world avoid some of these crises and conflicts, he said.
"It's not too late, but it is time," he added.
Norfolk, home to the world's largest naval base, already faces severe risks from rising sea levels. The main road to U.S. Naval Station Norfolk has experienced chronic flooding, and electric and water utilities supporting the base are threatened every time the waters rise.
"In some circles many public policymakers do not want to use (the words) global warming or climate change, but the reality is we are experiencing it, Norfolk Mayor Kenneth Alexander told reporters on the sidelines of the conference.
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions have fallen recently due to a switch from coal to natural gas and renewables in generating electricity. But many climate experts fear that if Washington leaves the Paris accord, or adjusts down its commitments, other countries could follow suit and global emissions could surge.
Many companies including ExxonMobil Corp, Microsoft Corp, and Arch Coal Inc, have urged the United States to stay in the Paris agreement, in part to retain their global competitiveness.
(Reporting by Timothy Gardner; editing by Richard Valdmanis and Tom Brown)
NORFOLK, Va. — Steven Whitley scored a career-high 20 points with seven assists, Nic Thomas also scored 20 points, and Norfolk State beat Morgan State 76-65 on Saturday to win its third straight.
Derrik Jamerson Jr. had 14 points for the Spartans (7-16, 5-3 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference), who shot 55.6 per cent from long distance (10 of 18) and 51 per cent from the field. Thomas and Jamerson scored four 3s apiece.
Whitley's layup capped a 10-4 run for a 49-35 Norfolk State lead and the Spartans led by 17 on Jamerson's 3 with 12:31 to go. The Bears gained on a 9-2 run while the Spartans went without a field goal for nearly seven minutes, but trailed 74-65 on Tiwian Kendley's layup with 31 seconds to go and got no closer.
Preston Bungei's 3 put the Spartans up for good, 10-8, Thomas hit back-to-back 3s, and Norfolk State led 39-29 at halftime after shooting 61.5 per cent from 3 (8 of 13).
April 12 Loncin Motor Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to set up an unmanned aerial vehicle JV in Chongqing with a Zhuhai-based helicopter firm
* Says the JV will be capitalized at 50 million yuan and the company will hold 90 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/EaA1ho
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford's left knee has so far responded well to two weeks of rest, raising the possibility of a return for the next game at Chicago.
Bradford said Friday he is "definitely feeling better" after practicing with the team on a limited basis Thursday. That was his first work on the field in two weeks. He has missed the last three games because of soreness and swelling from an injury that occurred in the season opener.
Bradford declined to divulge the specific diagnosis, but said he's experiencing a residual effect of ACL surgeries he had in 2013 and 2014. Case Keenum has filled in, while the Vikings have lost two of three. They play Monday against the Bears.
___
LAGOS, March 31 Nigerian mid-tier lender FCMB has an exposure of 4.5 billion naira ($14.7 million) to Etisalat Nigeria and about 500 million naira to contractors working with the telecom firm, it said on Friday.
The Nigerian arm of Abu Dhabi-listed telecoms company Etisalat has been discussing with 13 local banks about renegotiating the terms of a $1.2 billion loan after missing a payment. ($1 = 305.40 naira) (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa; Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha, editing by David Evans)
Priest who booted funeral from church placed on leave
CHARLOTTE HALL, Md. (AP) — A Maryland priest has been placed on administrative leave after he booted mourners from a church where they were to hold a funeral.
The Archdiocese of Washington announced Tuesday that the Rev. Michael Briese is on leave pending the outcome of an investigation.
On June 27, before a funeral for Agnes Hicks could begin at St. Mary Catholic Church in Charlotte Hall, WTTG-TV reports a guest knocked over a chalice, damaging it and angering the priest. Hicks' daughter, Shanice Chisley, said Briese ordered everyone out and disrespected her deceased mother, saying "'get this thing out of my church! Everyone get the hell out of my church!'"
The archdiocese says Briese apologized to the family. In a letter published in the local newspaper, Briese said anger "was the most inappropriate response."
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Jennifer Lopez had her own #MeToo moment years ago, but it did not turn out as planned for her would-be abuser.
The singer, actress and producer told Harper's Bazaar magazine in an interview published on Thursday that early in her career she was asked to show off her breasts. She refused.
Lopez said she had not experienced the kind of sexual assault recounted by many other women in Hollywood. “But have I been told by a director to take off my shirt and show my boobs? Yes, I have. But did I do it? No, I did not,” Lopez, now 48, told the magazine. “When I did speak up, I was terrified. I remember my heart beating out of my chest, thinking, ‘What did I do? This man is hiring me!' It was one of my first movies. But in my mind I knew the behavior wasn't right,” she added.
Lopez did not identify the man or the movie.
She credited her upbringing in New York City's tough Bronx borough in the 1970s for her refusal. “I think ultimately the Bronx in me was like, ‘Nah, we're not having it,'” Lopez said.
Harper's Bazaar interviewed Lopez for it April edition, out on newsstands on March 27. — Reuters
Gun stolen over 3 decades ago recovered during arrest
STAMFORD, Conn. (AP) — Connecticut police say they have recovered a gun stolen 35 years ago during a bust.
The Stamford Advocate reports patrol officers checked out an Audi in Stamford on Monday and arrested three men on charges related to carrying a pistol without a permit, and charges of possessing marijuana and stealing a firearm.
Twenty-one-year-old David Bates, 25-year-old Philippe Renard and 21-year-old David Wilkinson, all of Stamford, have been detained.
Police say all three men have denied ownership of the firearm, which was found fully loaded under the driver's seat.
Police ran the gun's serial number through the National Crime Information Center database and discovered it was reported stolen on New Year's Eve 1983 in Quincy, Massachusetts.
A bag with 25 grams of marijuana was also discovered. Attorneys for the three men could not be immediately identified.
___
Information from: The Advocate, http://www.stamfordadvocate.com
LONDON, March 29 Singer Justin Timberlake has been confirmed as the headline act for this year's U.S. Formula One Grand Prix at Austin's Circuit of the Americas (COTA) in October.
Last year's event ended a run of disappointing attendances for the race by pulling in a record crowd of 269,000, partly down to singer Taylor Swift's appearance drawing 80,000 fans.
Race organisers are hopeful the appearance of multiple-Grammy winner Timberlake after qualifying on Oct. 21 will build on that success.
"Last year did what we hoped it would do, which is not only enhance an already great event but also give us the chance to expose a lot of new people to the sport," COTA chairman Bobby Epstein told Reuters. "And it worked.
"I think where we saw a big change was in the average number of tickets sold per transaction, which told me that families were buying. And so I think we'll see that continue."
The 2017 F1 season, which began in Melbourne last weekend, is the first with the sport being run by American company Liberty Media, after they bought it from Bernie Ecclestone in January this year.
F1 has long struggled to get a foothold in the American market, so hopes are high that Timberlake's performance can build on last year's successful race weekend.
The 2015 race suffered financially after the weekend was significantly disrupted by torrential rain.
As a result, COTA have said they would refund 105 percent of the value of any three-day reserved seat ticket purchased by July 4 if more than two inches of rain falls in the 24-hour period before the start of the race.
In addition, the ticket would still be good for the race. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Julian Shea)
April 13 Mediclinic International Plc:
* Fy17 revenue was up 3.5 pct to some chf1.7 billion (fy16: chf1.6 billion) and revenue per bed day increasing by 3.0 pct
* Underlying ebitda margin for fy17 is expected to be around 20 pct, marginally higher than prior year (fy16: 19.7 pct)
* Underlying ebitda margin for fy17 is expected to be around 21 pct, marginally lower than prior year (fy16: 21.4 pct) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
The ruling Social Democrats and ANO have clashed over the recently signed memorandum of understanding between the Czech Ministry of Industry and Australia's European Metals Holdings on a deal that would give the Australian company the right to mine lithium in Europe's biggest known deposit in the north-western part of the Czech Republic.
ANO leader Andrej Babis decribed the agreement as „daylight robbery“ saying the privilage of mining the country's natural resources should go to a Czech state-owned company.
ANO wants to call a special session of the lower house over the matter, a proposition supported by the Communist Party.
LOS ANGELES | Accepting the Golden Globe best actress award in 2012 for “The Iron Lady,” Meryl Streep took a moment to thank the almighty — “God, Harvey Weinstein.”
For decades, Weinstein has held a lofty position in Hollywood as one of the industry's most powerful figures — an old-school, larger-than-life movie mogul who was never shy about throwing his weight around. “The Punisher. Old Testament, I guess,” Streep added that night to laughter and applause.
But Weinstein's name — such a regular refrain on countless Oscar nights — on Thursday rang out in a different way. In a bombshell expose, The New York Times reported that Weinstein had reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. With allegations levied by actresses including Ashley Judd and former employees at both the Weinstein Co. and Weinstein's former company, Miramax, the report detailed decades of abuse.
FILE - In this March 2, 2014 file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at the Oscars in Los Angeles. Weinstein is taking a leave of absence from his own company after The New York Times released a report alleging decades of sexual harassment against women, including employees and actress Ashley Judd. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File) This combination photo shows actors, Rose McGowan at a premiere in Los Angeles on April 15, 2015, left, and Ashley Judd in Beverly Hilla, Calif. on July 25, 2017. Producer Harvey Weinstein is taking a leave of absence from his company after The New York Times released a report alleging decades of sexual harassment against women, including employees and actress Ashley Judd. The Times reports two company officials say at least eight women have received settlements, including actress Rose McGowan. (AP Photo/File)
The 65-year-old Weinstein, in a lengthy written statement, said he would take a leave of absence from his company. But many in Hollywood are wondering if Weinstein's leave might be permanent. Is this, like the accusations that felled Bill Cosby and Roger Ailes, the end for the sharp-elbowed independent film pioneer whose editing-room meddling earned him the nickname “Harvey Scissorhands” and whose unprecedented run of Oscar glory made him a Hollywood deity?
“Harvey Weinstein's career in Hollywood is likely over,” declared industry trade Variety.
Others were less sure if this was indeed the downfall of Weinstein, who has weathered downturns and bankruptcy before. Weinstein was contrite in his statement, acknowledging “the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain.” He added: “I want a second chance in the community but I know I've got work to do to earn it.”
Representatives for The Weinstein Co. didn't respond to questions about the mogul's status on Thursday. The company's Board of Directors was to meet to discuss Weinstein's future. If Weinstein were to be ousted or step down, leadership could potentially be transferred to Weinstein's brother Bob, who serves as co-chairman, and David Glasser, the president and chief operating officer.
“I don't know if he's done because Harvey is the kind of person who has the ability to rise again, which he has done so many times from a business perspective,” said Sharon Waxman, CEO and founder of trade website The Wrap, and author of “Rebels on the Backlot.”
“If he can make amends, if he can apologize then I think a lot of things are possible,” said Waxman. “Hollywood is not public office, you are not required to have a morality clause necessarily. It's business. And ultimately he has to run his business which has also survived near death experiences many, many times, and has also been sold for $600 million. I would say it's up to him as to whether he survives in Hollywood.”
Weinstein's attorneys signaled a fight is still to come. Weinstein's attorney Charles J. Harder, who recently waged a successful suit for Hulk Hogan against Gawker, said in a statement that the Times story is “saturated with false and defamatory statements about Harvey Weinstein.” In an interview with the New York Post, Weinstein alleged the Times has “a vendetta” against him, and said “the next time I see (New York Times Executive Editor) Dean Baquet it will be across a courtroom.”
A spokesperson for The New York Times responded: “We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting.”
But while the misdeeds and manipulations of Hollywood producers have long been considered a constant of the movie business, the passionate reactions on Thursday suggested a dearth of forgiveness for Weinstein.
“Anyone who does business with (blank space) is complicit,” actress Rose McGowan tweeted. The New York Times reported that a settlement of $100,000 was paid to McGowan by Weinstein after an incident in 1997 when she was 23.
Ashley Judd recounted an incident from two decades ago in which she said she was asked to meet Weinstein in his hotel room. Weinstein greeted her wearing a bathrobe and asked her if he could give her a massage or if she would watch him shower, the paper reported. “Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly,” Judd told the Times.
Richard Rushfield, founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler, sensed a shift in the response to the allegations against Weinstein.
“In the past, this many people in Hollywood would never have come forward against a big Hollywood Poobah like this,” said Rushfield. “If they had, the story would have gone nowhere. And if it had, the subject could have been changed, laughed off, done six months in a penalty box and come back.”
“The problem is there's going to be a cost to association with him. Anybody who makes a movie with him now is going to be subjected to questions about it,” said Rushfield. He added: “He's going to be untouchable and I don't think in the internet age that goes away. Those stories are there.”
Weinstein's stature was also already diminished. He has had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades, producing films like “Pulp Fiction” and “Shakespeare in Love,” for which he won an Oscar. He masterminded extremely successful Oscar campaigns with his company Miramax, which he ran with his brother. The brothers sold Miramax to Walt Disney Co. in 1993. Twelve years later, they left Miramax to found their namesake company. More Oscar wins followed, including back-to-back best-picture winners in 2011 and 2012 with “The King's Speech” and “The Artist.”
But in recent years, The Weinstein Company has suffered from a string of executive exits, mounting lawsuits and increasingly hectic distribution decisions. In 2016, the company didn't receive a best-picture nomination for the first time since 2008. Weinstein returned to the category with “Lion” at this year's Oscars, but his pre-eminence as an Academy Awards heavyweight has waned.
Money problems have plagued the company intermittently since 2009, when it entered bankruptcy. Last year, The Weinstein Co. continually shuffled release dates and delayed films amid reports that it was too cash-strapped to put a full slate of films into theaters. Some 50 staffers were let go.
Movies like “The Founder” and “Tulip Fever” were juggled over numerous release date shifts. After “The Founder,” with Michael Keaton, was released in January along with the Matthew McConaughey-led “Gold,” the co-financier of “The Founder,” FilmNation, sued The Weinstein Company for $15 million, alleging Weinstein violated the non-compete clause of their agreement.
The Weinstein Co. had a modest hit this summer with the acclaimed thriller “Wind River.” The $11 million film has made $33 million. But the company's fall season awards hopeful “The Current War,” with Benedict Cumberbatch, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival to withering reviews.
Instead, other leaders in independent film have stepped forward, including “Moonlight” distributor A24 and Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures.
“Women face serious repercussions for sharing their experiences and deserve our full support,” Ellison said on Twitter. “I admire the courage of these women.”
Coyle reported from New York.
“C Marian Rivera TAGA BUHAY ng career ng mga STARLET ng @gmanetwork.”
‘Yan ang nakakatawang aria ng isang fan ni Marian Something.
The ardent fan said na “I'm sure it's not envy or jealousy that Marian feels towards Andrea Torres, it's ANNOYANCE and EXASPERATION for being used for publicity, again and again and again.”
Before that, the fan enumerated celebrities with whom Marian had a fight with (whether imagined or real) and cited Bella Padilla, Carla Abellana, Sam Pinto, Heart Evangelista and Andrea Torres.
For the fan, Marian is BANAL, WALANG KASALANAN, PERPEKTO, WALANG MALI. The fan even went to the point of accusing Marianita's nemesis of using her idol for publicity. Manggagamit daw ang ilan sa mga Kapuso stars na tinutukoy niya.
Teka lang, ha, why would they do that? Halos lahat naman sila ay nakapag-aral and well-bred so that's highly unthinkable.
At sino naman kaya ang maglalakas-loob na labanan ang idol mo, e, balitang malakas nga siya sa network.paboran kapag
And bear in mind that Andrea is the one being asked about her issue with Marian. She didn‘t say anything derogatory about your idol, ‘no! In fact, sa kanyang mga interview, lagi niyang sinasabi na nagtatrabaho lang siya at ayaw niya nang kaaway.
One more thing, ang sinasabi mong publicity ay para sa promotion ng bagong teleserye ni Dingdong Dantes who happens to be Marian's husband.
Why would celebrities use Marian, eh, hindi naman siya ang biggest and most popular celebrity there is today sa showbiz?
(Adds company news, futures)
May 2 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen to open 24.6 points higher on Tuesday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.2 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* BP: British oil major BP beat analysts' first-quarter earnings expectations on Tuesday as higher oil prices and production helped improve its bottom line.
* SHAWBROOK: British bank Shawbrook Group's independent directors said on Tuesday that they could not recommend a buyout bid from a consortium of private equity firms.
* LLOYDS: Lloyds Banking Group said on Tuesday that James Lupton, chairman of investment bank Greenhill's European arm, will be joining its board.
* ABERDEEN: Aberdeen Asset Management reported on Tuesday a rise in first-half revenues, boosted by market and currency gains, while the pace of outflows from its funds slowed.
* BOVIS: British housebuilder Bovis, which was subject to two failed buyout bids earlier this year, said it would take a 2.8 million-pound hit from the talks and a review conducted in February after the firm warned on profits.
* ASTRAZENECA: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Monday granted accelerated approval to AstraZeneca Plc's immuno-oncology drug to treat a type of bladder cancer in patients whose disease progressed following chemotherapy.
* LLOYDS: British bank Lloyds Banking Group denied claims of a credit card 'time bomb' and shrugged off concerns that its practice of booking revenue upfront from customers who have interest-free periods on their credit cards, The Times reported on Tuesday. bit.ly/2p2CJPa
* BP: BP plans to complete by mid-2018 the Georgian section of a $40-billion strategic pipeline bringing Caspian gas from Azerbaijan into Europe, the British energy company's country manager for Georgia said.
* BHP: Elliott Management representatives will meet with BHP Billiton's shareholders in Australia this week as the activist investor pushes for strategic changes at the world's biggest miner, two sources familiar with the matter said on Monday.
* BP: Two crude distillation units are expected back to normal production levels by Friday night at BP Plc's 413,500 barrels per day (bpd) Whiting, Indiana refinery, sources familiar with plant operations said on Friday.
* OIL: Oil prices edged down on Monday on worries that OPEC-led production cuts may not significantly tighten an oversupplied market in the short term despite talk of extending them.
* The UK blue chip index closed 0.5 percent lower at 7,203.94 points, on Friday, as disappointing results weighed on banking heavyweight Barclays , with UK blue chips sealing their biggest one-month fall since November 2016.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Harish Bhaskar)
Taro Aso speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
LOS ANGELES Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said the yen is vulnerable to rising political tensions over North Korea's missile program and development of nuclear weapons, and warned against extreme instability in the currency.
"We should always think about what the yen would be like if something happens in North Korea," Aso told a forum in Los Angeles on Monday.
The Japanese currency has been perceived as a safe-haven asset in recent years, which tends to be bought by global investors at a time of crisis.
Asked about such a view at the summit, Aso said while "the yen is said to be a safe-haven currency" the situation in North Korea made it "extremely unstable".
Tensions on the Korean peninsula have been high for weeks, driven by concerns that the North might conduct its sixth nuclear test in defiance of pressure from the United States and Pyongyang's sole major ally, China.
The dollar hit a one-month high against the yen, after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the possibility of ultra long-term bond issuance. [FRX/]
Aso declined to comment on exchange rates, saying that currencies should be set by markets.
On trade negotiations with Washington, Aso said Japan and 10 other nations should push ahead with the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, excluding the United States.
"Now that the U.S. has decided to withdraw from TPP, we are thinking that it might be better for the remaining eleven countries to go ahead with TPP," Aso said.
While expressing a cautious view on the U.S. stance of shifting towards bilateral trade negotiations, Aso said Washington will eventually find it better to rejoin TPP although it will take some time.
"Because the twelve countries worked together, concessions were given to the U.S.," he said. "It's not a fact that the U.S. will be able to gain more from bilateral framework than TPP."
(Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne; Writing by Tetsushi Kajimoto; Editing by Sam Holmes)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - K.T. McFarland, picked by President Donald Trump to be the U.S. ambassador to Singapore, withdrew from consideration for the job on Friday after her nomination became stalled in the U.S. Senate.
McFarland was on Trump's presidential transition team and later appointed deputy national security adviser under Michael Flynn.
Trump nominated McFarland last May to be the U.S. envoy to Singapore. When the U.S. Senate did not act on the nomination by the end of 2017 the White House resubmitted her nomination in early January.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee said in December that McFarland's nomination had been delayed due to concerns about her testimony to Congress over communications with Russia.
McFarland had said in a written response to a question from Democratic Senator Cory Booker, a foreign relations committee member, that she was “not aware” of communications between Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn and Sergei Kislyak, when Kislyak was ambassador to Russia.
However, the New York Times reported early in December that it had obtained an email McFarland sent on Dec. 29, 2016, the day former President Barack Obama's administration authorized new sanctions against Russia, saying Flynn would talk to Kislyak that evening.
Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation about his contacts with Russia, and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors delving into the actions of Trump's inner circle before he took office.
On Friday, McFarland, a former Fox News national security analyst, said in a letter to Trump, “I am asking that you withdraw my nomination to be the U.S. Ambassador to Singapore.”
“I have come to this decision reluctantly, because I believe in your mission,” she wrote. A copy of the letter was seen by Reuters.
Trump said in a statement, “K.T. served my administration with distinction. Unfortunately, some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post,” he said.
McFarland wrote that she believed Trump had “laid the foundations for a new foreign policy that puts America's interests ahead of, but not at the expense of, our obligations to others.”
“Know that I have no intention of withdrawing from the national debate and I want to help you in whatever way I can.”
Greece set to get cash to pay bills, but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG, June 15 Greece's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills, but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later.
April 28 MLS Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 70.4 percent to 116.2 percent, or to be 260 million yuan to 330 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (152.6 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main products is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/BNe7tT
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
Federer and Williams back on Centre Court at Wimbledon
Photo: Philip Toscano, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. (Philip Toscano/PA via AP) A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018. (Philip Toscano/PA via AP) Photo: Philip Toscano, AP Federer and Williams back on Centre Court at Wimbledon 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
LONDON (AP) — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
LARAMIE, Wyo. — Nate Grimes had a career-high 20 points to go with 12 rebounds as Fresno State thundered past Wyoming 80-62 on Saturday afternoon.
Fresno State sprinted to an early lead and went into intermission holding a 46-30 advantage. The Bulldogs finished with the largest victory margin in their history in a Mountain West road game.
The last time these teams met was last season when Wyoming took a 102-100 victory in four overtimes.
Wyoming had won four straight Mountain West games, including a 104-103 double overtime win over then No. 23 Nevada, before encountering the Bulldogs. The Cowboys have won six overtime contests this year, tying an NCAA Division I record.
LEADING OFF: Nats fall to .500, Shohei back in the box
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Boston Red Sox second baseman Eduardo Nunez waits for the ball to make the tag on Washington Nationals' Michael Taylor who was out at second base on the steal attempt, during the second inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. less Boston Red Sox second baseman Eduardo Nunez waits for the ball to make the tag on Washington Nationals' Michael Taylor who was out at second base on the steal attempt, during the second inning of an interleague ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 2 of 4 Washington Nationals third baseman Anthony Rendon (6) and shortstop Trea Turner (7) miss a grounder hit by Boston Red Sox' Eduardo Nunez for a double, during the eighth inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. The Red Sox won 11-4. less Washington Nationals third baseman Anthony Rendon (6) and shortstop Trea Turner (7) miss a grounder hit by Boston Red Sox' Eduardo Nunez for a double, during the eighth inning of an interleague baseball game at ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 3 of 4 Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani takes to the field to warm up for the team's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Seattle. Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani takes to the field to warm up for the team's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Seattle. Photo: Stephen Brashear, AP Image 4 of 4 LEADING OFF: Nats fall to .500, Shohei back in the box 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
A look at what's happening around the majors today:
NATIONAL DECLINE
The Nationals could use a spark before the July 4 fireworks go off in D.C. Washington is at risk of falling below .500 for the first time since May 2 as it continues a series against Boston at 11 a.m. EDT. The Red Sox thumped the Nationals 11-4 on Tuesday, giving Washington its fourth straight loss and 16th in 21 games to fall to 42-42. That slide has the preseason NL East favorites chasing the Braves and Phillies in the division. Erick Fedde (1-3, 6.00) tries to stop Washington's skid against Boston left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez (9-3, 4.11).
THE SHO GOES ON
Shohei Ohtani is back from the disabled list, albeit without full use of his electric right arm. The Japanese two-way sensation has been cleared to hit and was in the Angels' lineup as a designated hitter Tuesday night, but he won't be pitching anytime soon due to a Grade 2 sprain of his ulnar collateral ligament suffered more than three weeks ago. Ohtani has received stem cell therapy and a platelet-rich plasma injection on his right elbow. The Angels say they'll re-evaluate Ohtani for pitching in three weeks.
ROTATION RESET
Gerrit Cole (9-2) will pitch on regular rest for the Astros after a slight tweak to their rotation. Lance McCullers Jr. was initially scheduled to start at Texas, but Cole will pitch instead. Justin Verlander (9-4) will follow Thursday at home against the White Sox and McCullers goes Friday. Manager A.J. Hinch said the switch keeps Cole and Verlander pitching every fifth day, and provides extra rest for McCullers (9-3) and Charlie Morton (10-2). The reset rotation means likely All-Star selection Verlander is scheduled for the final game before the break. "This is always going to be the priority," said Hinch, the All-Star manager who then won't have Verlander available to pitch for the AL team on July 17 in Washington D.C.
BAUER POWER
Trevor Bauer tries to carry over an outstanding June when the Indians play at Kansas City. Bauer (7-6, 2.45) was 3-3 with a 2.18 ERA last month, striking out 62 batters in 41 1/3 innings. He gets probably his easiest test of the year against the Royals, who scored a major league-low 58 runs in June — the second-lowest output was Tampa Bay at 87.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
March 31 Us Auto Parts Network Inc
* Aaron Coleman appointed chief executive officer and director
* US Auto Parts Network Inc - Shane Evangelist, who served as chief executive officer and a director since 2007, submitted his resignation to board
* US Auto Parts Network Inc - Shane Evangelist, who served as chief executive officer and a director since 2007, submitted his resignation to board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6 Superloop Ltd :
* Aarnet,Google, Indosat Ooredoo, Singtel, Subpartners, Telstra entered agreement to build new international subsea cable system
* Agreement with Alcatel Submarine Networks to build new international subsea cable system that will connect Singapore, Indonesia and Australia
* Alcatel Submarine Networks will construct cable, which is expected to be completed by mid-2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
This isn't the first time that the Ilocos Norte governor and former House member is summoned to a probe by the House committee on good government and public accountability
Published 7:48 AM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – A little over 9 months after she was first made to appear before the House committee on good government and public accountability, Ilocos Norte Imee Marcos was once again the subject of a subpoena by the same committee for a probe that's different but related to the first one.
The committee on Monday, March 19, approved the issuance of a subpoena to compel Marcos and 6 officials from the province to testify before the committee that is probing into the province's use of tobacco excise tax and the “tangible benefits” it gave to tobacco farmers in the area. The resolution was filed by the progressive Makabayan bloc in the House.
The 6 officials who were also issued a subpoena include: Eden Battulayan, Pedro Agcaoili, Evangeline Tabulog, Josephine Calajate, Encarnacion Gaor, and Genedine Jambaro.
The committe wants Marcos and the 6 officials to appear before them and testify during the next hearing scheduled on March 21, 2018.
What's happening? The House panel is holding hearings to probe the province's use of the tobacco excise tax funds.
This is separate from an earlier resolution filed by Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas over the alleged misuse of the funds for the purchase of vehicles by the province.
Similar to the probe from the Fariñas resolution, the probe triggered from the Makabayan resolution had thus far led to suspicions that the Ilocos Norte province's possibly misused cash advances and committed lapses in the procurement process. – Rappler.com
March 31 Inseego Corp:
* Inseego Corp updates on CFIUS process and sale of Novatel Wireless, Inc.
* Inseego - on March 30, 2017, in connection with Inseego's proposed sale of Novatel Wireless Inc to Jade Ocean Global Limited, parties met with CFIUS
* Inseego Corp says Inseego believes CFIUS process will conclude on or prior to April 24, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran's parliament gave initial approval on Sunday to a bill to boost spending on Tehran's missile programme and the elite Revolutionary Guards in retaliation for new sanctions imposed by the United States.
Lawmakers overwhelmingly approved the outlines of the bill to "counter America's terrorist and adventurist actions" as some chanted "Death to America", the state broadcaster IRIB reported.
The measure came in retaliation to legislation passed by U.S Congress and signed by U.S. President Donald Trump in early August to impose new sanctions on Iran over its missile programme.
Iran denies its missile programme violates a U.N. resolution which endorsed Tehran's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers and calls upon the Islamic Republic not to conduct activities related to ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons. Tehran says it does not design such missiles.
The Iranian plan would require Iran's government and armed forces to draw up a strategy to counter U.S. violations of human rights around the world, and to support Iranian bodies and individuals affected by U.S. sanctions.
The measure would also allocate over $260 million each to Iran's ballistic missile programme and the Quds Force - the external arm of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which has been deployed to battlefields in Iraq and Syria.
Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi told members of parliament that the government backed the bill, which he said "was designed wisely so that it does not violate the (nuclear deal) and provide excuses for opposing sides", state news agency IRNA reported.
The bill must now pass a second vote before being submitted to a clerical body for final approval and passage into law.
Photo: Johnny Buzzerio
By Scott T. Sterling
Hard rock heroes Alice in Chains are ready to hit the road in the new year.
Related: Tool, A Perfect Circle, Avenged Sevenfold, Alice In Chains to Headline 2018 Rock On the Range
The band has revealed a 12-date tour that launches on April 28 in Boston, with shows running through May 19, when Alice in Chains hit Philadelphia.
See the full tour itinerary below.
4/28 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues
4/30 – Syracuse, NY @ Landmark Theatre
5/1 – Toronto, ON @ Massey Hall
5/3 – Washington DC @ Anthem
5/4 – Charlotte, NC @ Carolina Rebellion
5/7 – New York, NY @ Hammerstein Ballroom
5/10 – Atlanta, GA @ Coca-Cola Roxy
5/13 – Somerset, WI @ Northern Invasion
5/15 – Chicago, IL @ Riviera Theatre
5/16 – South Bend, IN @ Morris Performing Arts Center
5/18 – Columbus, OH @ Rock on the Range
5/19 – Philadelphia, PA – WMMR BBQ
Never miss a tour date from Alice in Chains with Eventful.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND HEIGHTS, Ohio – An attorney who told officers he forgot his girlfriend's "quiet" son was in the car with him, has his own court date after a good Samaritan rescued the child from a car left under the blazing sun with the windows rolled up.
Police released the urgent 911 call made from a Home Depot parking lot in Cleveland Heights:
911 dispatcher: "What's going on at the Home Depot?" Caller: "There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up. I got the alarm going 'cuz I opened the door." 911 dispatcher: "So were you able to get the kid out of the car?" Caller: "Yes, but I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got his kid."
It was just after 2 p.m. Monday when a passerby spotted the 9-year-old boy inside a 2017 black Nissan Altima with the windows closed, as the heat index outside reached 94 degrees.
911 dispatcher: "How is the child doing, does the child need any medical attention?" Caller: "Yeah he's slobbering at the mouth." Related Story
Ten puppies rescued from hot trunk during Oregon traffic stop 911 dispatcher: "He's what?" Caller: "He's slobbering at the mouth."
The good Samaritan opened an unlocked car door then waited for police and paramedics.
Police body camera footage showed officers arriving on scene as the young boy sat in the back seat.
Minutes later, the owner of the vehicle, Paul Bayer, 65, appears after running out of the Home Depot apologizing, “I'm here! Oh my God I'm so sorry." He tells the officers that he had forgotten the boy was inside the car.
"Why did you leave him in the car again?" an officer asks.
"He got real quiet, I forgot he was with me, I came here for a quick drum and I forgot I had him," Bayer says.
"Forgot you had your kid in the car?" the officer asks.
"It's my girlfriend's kid," Bayers says. "But yeah, when he gets quiet."
Police say the child, who has autism, was inside the hot car for 20 minutes.
EMS gave him cold water, checked his vitals and determined he was okay.
Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Woodmere, told police that the boy is his 36-year-old girlfriend's son.
He was arrested and charged with endangering a child and is now free on bond.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
WASHINGTON, April 28 A U.S. appeals court dealt health insurer Anthem Inc's bid to merge with rival Cigna a likely death blow on Friday when it upheld a lower court's decision stopping the deal.
The ruling could spell the end of the proposed $54 billion transaction, a merger that was rejected by the U.S. Justice Department, 11 states, a district court judge and, in the end, by Cigna itself. (Reporting by Diane Bartz)
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
US stocks jump as tensions with North Korea appear to ease Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks are rallying Monday and regaining much of the ground they lost last week as investors' fears about tensions between the U.S. and North Korea appeared to ease. Technology companies and banks are making some of the largest gains as almost all types of stocks advance. About 90 percent of the companies listed in the S&P 500 are trading higher.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 jumped 23 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,464 as of 3 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 125 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,983. The Nasdaq composite added 77 points, or 1.2 percent, to 6,333. The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies climbed 18 points, or 1.3 percent, to 1,392.
Last week rising tensions between the U.S. and North Korea startled investors out of the complacency that has dominated the stock market for most of this year. That eased Monday after officials said fighting is not imminent. The top U.S. military officer said the country wants to resolve the standoff peacefully. Thursday was the worst day for stocks since mid-May, while Monday is shaping up to be the best day since late April.
LEADERS: Technology stocks outpaced the rest of the market following a strong report on the state of Japan's economy. Apple added $2.16, or 1.4 percent, to $159.64 and Microsoft picked up $1.09, or 1.5 percent, to $73.59. Western Digital advanced $2.69, or 3.4 percent, to $82.59.
THE QUOTE: "What the market really reacted negatively to on Thursday was Trump's somewhat incendiary comments about 'fire and fury,'" said Dave Lafferty, chief market strategist of Natixis Global Asset Management. "The administration sort of walked back Trump's comments over the weekend."
But while stocks climbed, investors weren't ready to loosen their grip on some traditionally safe investment. The price of gold didn't move much and bond prices slipped only a small amount.
NEW BUYER NETS NEFF: Equipment rental company Neff said it received a buyout offer worth $25 per share, or $596 million. It did not say who made the offer, but Neff said its board has decided the new offer is superior to a bid from H&E Equipment Services that the company accepted last month. H&E Equipment has the right to match the new offer. Neff climbed $4.10, or 18.8 percent, to $25.95. H&E's offer valued Neff at $21.07 a share.
H&E Equipment lost 62 cents, or 2.9 percent, to $20.97.
FRIENDLY NABORS: Drilling technology developer Tesco said it will be acquired by drilling contractor Nabors Industries in an all-stock deal. The companies said Tesco is being valued at $4.62 a share. Tesco added 52 cents, or 13.5 percent, to $4.43. Nabors lost 12 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $6.68.
STICKER SHOCK? Fiat Chrysler climbed after Automotive News reported that a Chinese carmaker offered to buy the company. It did not identify that company and said Fiat Chrysler rejected the offer because it wasn't high enough, but investors hoped another bid would come. Fiat Chrysler stock gained $1.05, or 9 percent, to $12.66.
BONDS: Bond prices turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.22 percent from 2.19 percent late Friday. That helped banks, as higher bond yields mean higher interest rates and greater profits on mortgages and other loans.
Bank of America climbed 55 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $24.42 and JPMorgan Chase gained $1.17, or 1.3 percent, to $92.59.
RHIMES AND REASON: Shonda Rhimes, the creator of popular television series such as "Scandal" and "Grey's Anatomy," will leave ABC and make shows for Netflix under a new contract. Financial terms were not disclosed. Netflix, which already spends billions of dollars a year on programming, has recently started shelling out more money for new shows. Last week it bought comic book publisher Millarworld, its first-ever acquisition.
Netflix lost $1.07 to $170.33.
TARGET'S GRAND PLAN: Retailer Target is buying a delivery logistics company to help it offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers. The company did not say how much it will pay for Grand Junction, a firm that connects retailers with about 700 delivery companies around the country that pick up items from distribution centers and take them to customers. It is already testing same-day delivery at a New York store.
Target stock climbed 72 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $55.75.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil lost $1.23, or 2.5 percent, to $47.59 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, shed $1.37, or 2.6 percent, to $50.73 a barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline lost 4 cents to $1.58 a gallon. Heating oil fell 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas slid 2 cents to $2.96 per 1,000 cubic feet.
METALS: Gold fell $3.60 to $1,290.40 an ounce. Silver added 5 cents to $17.12 an ounce. Copper dipped 1 cent to $2.90 a pound.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.59 yen from 109.04 yen. The euro fell to $1.1786 from $1.1824.
OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX jumped 1.3 percent and the CAC 40 in France gained 1.2 percent. In Britain, the FTSE 100 index added 0.6 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 1.4 percent and the South Korean Kospi rose 0.6 percent. Japanese stocks fell sharply as investors played catch-up after an extended holiday weekend. The Nikkei ended 1 percent lower.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Please note: Your password must be at least eight characters in length and contain at least one none alphabetic character.
Please prove you are not a robot.
By clicking "Sign up for MyToday" you agree to the our Terms of Use.
Sign up for MyToday
Another season for the Grimsby Farmers' Market will come to an end this Thursday. The market is finishing later this year, generally the Thursday before Thanksgiving is the last day, but this year the closing date will be one week later. The good news is you have another week to pick up all the local products you have come to enjoy at your market.
The 2017 season will be remembered by many as the year of the fire, the year that we all pulled together to support our local merchants, a year where we said goodbye to some vendors and welcomed some rather unique vendor additions. Before 2017 did you know what kombucha was, or that perogies came with more than two fillings? We welcomed samosas and sauces, pizza and prepared vegan meals. Our sweet tooth was satisfied by the addition of the sweets from the Watering Can and the fruit-filled strudels.
Of course, we had our four wineries join us again this year, and some of our all-time favourites like popcorn, and fudge, tiny pies and cupcakes. We enjoyed a variety of fruit and vegetables of different colours and tastes, from sprouts to huge squash. We could find 20 different cheeses, combined with local breads, add some fresh or smoked meats and eggs and your dinner is served.
We learned first-hand how well our fire department works, learned from our firefighters how to prevent fires and what to do in emergencies. We had visits from our community groups who spread the word about their associations and the good work they do. We learned that the market could be moved, but that the symbiotic relationship between downtown merchants and the market produced a synergy felt by all. The market has become a place for meeting friends, enjoying live music, sharing a meal on the street, fostering a feeling of camaraderie.
Pair charged in connection with St. Paul festival shooting
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Authorities say two men have been charged in connection with the fatal shooting during an event at a St. Paul park over the weekend.
Twenty-seven-year-old Nougai Xiong, of St. Paul, is charged in Ramsey County District Court with second-degree murder in the death of 19-year-old Jacky Vue, of St. Paul. Twenty-eight-year-old Yang Xiong, of La Crosse, Wisconsin, is charged with aiding and abetting the shooting.
The shooting happened Sunday afternoon at the annual Hmong Freedom Festival at Como Park. Authorities say thousands were at the event.
Court documents show that a gang member who was involved in the fight told police that it occurred because the suspects were Asian Crips, and he and his group were Oroville Mono Boys.
The two suspects remained jailed.
SYDNEY, March 30 Emergency services plan to evacuate thousands of people stranded on resort islands with water supplies running low in Australia's tropical northeast on Thursday, two days after Cyclone Debbie tore through the region.
Tens of thousands more people on the mainland remained without power and many regions were cut off by flooding as officials warned that more heavy rainfall was on the way.
"The rain is coming, significant rain," Queensland Fire and Emergency Services Mark Roche told Australian Broadcasting Corp radio.
Cyclone Debbie struck on Tuesday, smashing tourist resorts, flattening canefields and shutting down coal mines in Queensland state as a category four storm, one rung below the most dangerous wind speed level.
The storm, now downgraded to a tropical low, continued to track over Queensland's central interior in a southeasterly direction on Thursday, slowing attempts by the army and emergency workers to start what is expected to be a lengthy clean-up operation.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is due to tour the region later on Thursday with tourism and agriculture expected to take a major hit from the storm.
Resorts along the world-famous Great Barrier Reef and coastal areas bore the brunt of the storm with wind gusts stronger than 260 kph (160 mph).
Pictures from Hamilton Island and Airlie Beach showed streets stacked with snapped trees, roof tiles and furniture, with wrecked yachts washed ashore.
The naval ship HMAS Choules was on its way up to the Whitsunday Islands with food supplies and special equipment to begin repairing and rebuilding infrastructure.
In the Bowen Basin, the world's single largest source of coal used to make steel, BHP Billiton, Glencore , and Stanmore Coal all said work at mines there was halted until further notice. Analysts said Debbie could push coking coal prices higher.
Hundreds of hectares of sugarcane crops had been flattened and Wilmar said its sugar mills were stilled at Proserpine and Sarina.
One woman, a tourist, died on Monday in a car crash that police said was due to wild weather on Debbie's approach. Another two people were injured as the storm passed through. (Reporting by Jane Wardell; editing by Mark Heinrich)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
A new public service announcement about preventing school shootings highlights the importance of recognizing and speaking out about warning signs.
The PSA is the work of Sandy Hook Promise — an organization devoted to protecting children from gun violence that was launched after the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut.
The ad is a fictional newscast from the scene of “tomorrow's school shooting,” featuring an anchor interviewing students and adults before a 15-year-old killed four children and two adults before committing suicide in the hypothetical scenario.
“He told some of us that his dad kept a gun in his closet, and he always talked about using it on, you know, the people that bullied him,” says a classmate of the gunman. “Tomorrow I'll probably say that I wish I told someone.”
Another student says in an interview, “After the shooting, we're going to feel pretty bad about picking on him, but until then we'll probably just keep doing it because he's pretty weird.”
A teacher adds that she noticed something was “off” about the gunman all year, while a police officer says they expect to hear after the shooting about social media posts warning about the impending tragedy.
When a mother is asked how she'll talk to her daughter about the shooting, she responds, “Actually, I won't get to explain it to her because she won't make it.”
The PSA ends with a simple message: Text across the screen reads, “You can stop tomorrow's shootings if you recognize the warning signs today.”
Nicole Hockley, one of the founders of Sandy Hook Promise, tells PEOPLE, “The purpose of the video is to show people that they need to take action now. They need to recognize the signs of violence now and say something before it's too late, because once the act has taken place, it is too late to make a difference.”
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
• • •
The blueprint applies to the section of the city bordered by Victoria Avenue and Hunter, Queen and Cannon streets while also incorporating properties fronting onto James Street from St. Joseph's Hospital to the CN Rail line.
According to the maximum height map, a large swath of the area west of James could be home to 30-storey towers, with the exception of a couple of chunks of land, including the block surrounding City Hall and the Sir John A. Macdonald Secondary School property at Bay and York.
Whitehern and a section of land bordered by Hunter Street West, Caroline Street North and Jackson Street West, which is adjacent to the proposed Television City project, are the only sections where development is guaranteed to stay under six storeys.
The city has stressed the map is not the be-all-and-end-all when it comes to approving development — it has to be read in conjunction with the zoning bylaw and the Tall Building Study and Guidelines, which set out other design requirements, like sufficient proximity between towers.
After two previous drafts, the revised plan is expected to be the city's third and final kick at the can following a review that first launched in 2008. The public will have a chance to sound off on the plan, which covers everything from policies on parkland to CarShare, at an April 17 planning committee meeting before it comes to council the following week.
The plan, which spells out that downtown will be "the location" for tall buildings in the city in accordance with intensification targets set out in the province's official growth plan, comes amid a growing cluster of highrises — proposed, in development and built — popping up around the core.
The increasing demand for height — what city planning director Steve Robichaud called a "fundamental shift in the marketplace" over the last five or so years — ignited discussion on the issue and prompted the city to develop a Tall Building Study and Guidelines, which were released last fall.
The requests for skyscraping towers started with the application for The Connolly — a 30-storey condominium project that went into receivership this summer but appears to have found a new buyer last month, Robichaud said.
The previous version of the plan didn't address types of development like that one or Brad Lamb's Television City condominiums on Jackson Street West, which is proposed to be built on the tallest part of the downtown.
Critics of the previous drafts of the plan — some of whom launched a campaign called the "People's Plan for Downtown Hamilton" — wonder if it will cause property values to skyrocket, leaving residents and businesses behind, and question whether the city is doing enough to negotiate with developers.
They wonder whether highrise condominiums ahighrisest way to achieve density when there are other options like tiny homes and backyard accessory units.
The city argues it's not a given that developers would be approved to build as high as 30 storeys, even in areas on the map where it shows buildings of that height would be permitted, because they would have to meet other criteria like sun and wind studies.
"There's most likely properties where the height permission that's indicated is actually not achievable," said Jason Thorne, the city's general manager of planning and economic development.
A long-standing community value the city heard while undertaking the review is that no building should be taller than the escarpment — although there are some existing ones that already overtop it and proposed developments with permission to build higher already in tow, Robichaud said.
"The escarpment really sort of creates that backdrop and it frames the downtown and that's a very unique situation," he added.
Because Section 37 bonusing is included in the final version of the downtown secondary plan, the city could grant developers the right to build taller in exchange for community benefits like rental and affordable housing, community facilities, child care centres, cultural amenities and transit station improvements.
Environment Hamilton head Lynda Lukasik, who spoke at a recent meeting about the draft plan, previously told The Spectator she found it curious that while some municipalities are using Section 37 to negotiate nicer streetscapes and public art exhibits, Hamilton was still incentivizing development downtown.
Robichaud said the city will slowly start to work its way into using this tool.
"It's going to be a bit of a change for the development community," he added.
In addition to height, Thorne said housing and heritage were the other main themes touched on during the review.
To help avoid rushed decisions of the past, the plan includes policies to protect heritage buildings, Robichaud said. If a developer comes in wanting to demolish, they won't be able to get approval before they work their way through the planning process.
"It's a lesson learned from the parking lots we've seen created in the downtown," said Thorne. "It's a lesson learned from the fact we've had to do these 11th-hour (heritage) designations in the past."
As for affordability, the plan shows it will require developers who knock down rental buildings to replace those units at the same site and maintain similar rent for existing tenants — a holding provision the city believes it is the first municipality to employ.
To encourage builders to include more family-sized units in new developments, the city says it will lessen the parking requirement in exchange for larger, three-bedroom apartments.
To view the plan visit:
hamilton.ca/city-planning/
npaddon@thespec.com
905-526-2420 | @NatatTheSpec
npaddon@thespec.com
905-526-2420 | @NatatTheSpec
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Uranus smells like farts.
Don't laugh, it's science.
A new study suggests clouds in the planet's atmosphere are composed of hydrogen sulfide, the molecule that makes rotten eggs smell so bad.
But how did experts sniff out this new info from roughly 1.6 billion miles away?
Using a spectrometer on NASA's Gemini telescope in Hawaii, researchers observed Uranus' cloud cover. That's where they spotted the signature of hydrogen sulfide.
Experts say if anyone were to go to Uranus, they wouldn't have to endure the stench. Suffocation and minus 200-degree atmospheric conditions would likely kill them first.
NEW KNOXVILLE – The Versailles girls basketball team secured at least a share of the Midwest Athletic Conference championship by defeating New Knoxville 48-32 on Thursday.
Versailles led 17-4 at the end of the first quarter and 28-14 at halftime. The Tigers increased their lead to 35-21 in the third quarter on their way to the 16-point win.
Danielle Winner led Versailles with 11 points. Also for the Tigers, Caitlin McEldowney scored 8, Hailey McEldowney scored 7, Ellen Peters scored 7, Kelsey Custenborder scored 5, Elizabeth Ording scored 4, Mallory Marshal scored 2, Kami McEldowney scored 2, and Lindsey Winner scored 2.
Versailles improved to 19-1 overall and 8-0 in the MAC with the win. The Tigers will play host to St. Henry on Thursday with a game chance to win the conference championship outright.
GAZA/DOHA The Palestinian Islamist group Hamas on Monday dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, but said it still rejected the country's right to exist and backs "armed struggle" against it.
In a policy document presented in Doha by its leader Khaled Meshaal, Hamas also said it would end its association with the Muslim Brotherhood, a move apparently aimed at improving ties with Gulf Arab states and Egypt, which view the Brotherhood as a terrorist group.
Israel responded to the announcement by accusing Hamas of trying to "fool the world", while the group's main Palestinian political rival, the Fatah faction of President Mahmoud Abbas, also reacted coolly to the policy shift.
The publication of the policy document comes two days before Abbas is due to visit Washington, and days after President Donald Trump told Reuters he may travel to Israel this month and sees no reason why there should not be peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
"We don't want to dilute our principles but we want to be open. We hope this (document) will mark a change in the stance of European states towards us," Meshaal told reporters.
Hamas, which has controlled the Gaza Strip since 2007, said in the document it agreed to a transitional Palestinian state within the borders of 1967, when Israel captured Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem in a war with Arab states. Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005.
"Hamas advocates the liberation of all of Palestine but is ready to support the state on 1967 borders without recognising Israel or ceding any rights," said Meshaal, in a shift that brings Hamas more into line with the position of Fatah.
"TERROR TUNNELS"
Israel said the document aimed to deceive the world that Hamas was becoming more moderate.
"Hamas is attempting to fool the world but it will not succeed," said David Keyes, a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. "They dig terror tunnels and have launched thousands upon thousands of missiles at Israeli civilians. This is the real Hamas."
Founded in 1987 as an offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood, the banned Egyptian Islamist movement, Hamas has fought three wars with Israel since 2007 and has carried out hundreds of armed attacks in Israel and in Israeli-occupied territories.
Many Western countries classify Hamas as a terrorist group over its failure to renounce violence, recognise Israel's right to exist and accept existing interim Israeli-Palestinian peace agreements.
Meshaal said Hamas's fight was not against Judaism as a religion but against what he called "aggressor Zionists".
Fatah spokesman Osama al-Qawasme upbraided Hamas for taking decades to join Fatah in accepting a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders, a position Hamas used to criticise Fatah for.
"Hamas's new document is identical to that taken by Fatah in 1988. Hamas is required to make an apology to Fatah after 30 years of accusing us of treason for that policy," Qawasme said.
It remained unclear whether the document replaces Hamas's 1988 charter, which calls for Israel's destruction. Meshaal said the document would "guide Hamas's daily political activity".
Abbas's Palestinian Authority has engaged in peace talks with Israel on the basis of seeking a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders, although the last, U.S.-mediated round collapsed three years ago.
There was no immediate comment on Monday from Egypt and Gulf Arab states to the Hamas document.
"For Hamas ... it's a signal of their desire to align with conservative Sunni elements in the region and create some immunity (from Saudi pressure)," said Beverley Milton-Edwards, a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Centre and author of a book on Hamas.
But while the document could strengthen Hamas's position in the Palestinian Territories and the Middle East, she said, it was unlikely to lead "to any definitive swing in opinion in the group's favour in the United States or even Europe."
Meshaal said Hamas remained part of the Muslim Brotherhood's "intellectual school" but was "an independent Palestinian organisation".
U.S.-allied Arab states including Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia classify the Brotherhood as a terrorist organisation. The 89-year-old Brotherhood held power in Egypt for a year after a popular uprising in 2011, but was then removed by the army after mass street protests.
The Brotherhood denies links with Islamist militants and advocates Islamist political parties winning power through elections, which Saudi Arabia considers a threat to its system of absolute power through inherited rule.
(Additional reporting by Maayan Lubell in Jerusalem and Ali Sawafta in Ramallah; Writing by Tom Finn; Editing by Gareth Jones)
April 28 Western Refining Logistics Lp-
* Board of co's general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution for Q1 2017 of $0.4525 per unit
* Distribution represents a 3.4 percent increase over quarterly distribution of $0.4375 per unit paid in March 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MIAMISBURG – The Versailles girls golf team qualified for the Ohio High School Athletic Association state tournament for a third consecutive year on Wednesday.
The Versailles girls and Arcanum's Lexi Unger competed in the Division II district tournament at Pipestone Golf Club. The Lady Tigers shot a 391 to earn a spot at state along with district champion Chaminade Julienne (385) and district runner-up Archbishop Alter (386).
Lauren Durham led Versailles with an 18-hole round of 91, finishing eighth overall in the individual standings. Also for the Lady Tigers, Morgan Heitkamp finished 20th with a 97, Jorja Pothast finished 26th with a 99, Anna Groff finished 36th with a 104, and Morgan Barlage finished 53rd with a 111.
Arcanum's Unger finished 23rd overall with a 98.
Eaton's Sarah Willis was the district tournament medalist as she shot a three-under-par 69. Willis qualified for state as an individual along with National Trail's Makenna Jones (81) and Fenwick's Meghan Utterdyke (82).
Versailles now advances to play in the OHSAA Division II state tournament on Oct. 13 and 14 at The Ohio State University Gray Course in Columbus.
For complete results from the district tournament, visit http://www.baumspage.com/golf/gevent.php?peventID=60&table=C. For more information on the state tournament, visit ohsaa.org.
The Versailles girls golf team finished third in the Ohio High School Athletic Association district golf tournament on Wednesday at Pipestone Golf Club. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/10/web1_Versailles-girls-golf-WEB-1.jpg The Versailles girls golf team finished third in the Ohio High School Athletic Association district golf tournament on Wednesday at Pipestone Golf Club. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@dailyadvocate.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
LUANDA, April 13 Angola's central bank kept its benchmark lending rate unchanged at 16 percent after a policy meeting on March 31, a statement posted on Thursday on its website said.
× Sound Transit security officers ‘extra aware' after attempted terror attack in New York
SEATTLE – The attempted terror attack in New York City has had an impact here in Puget Sound.
Sound Transit officials says they are beefing up security at stations, and advising security officers to remain extra aware.
Most riders who spoke with Q13 News said they won't let the incident in New York dictate their lives in Seattle.
“It's kind of scary,” said rider Meagan Zimmershied. “You never know where it could happen next. So it is a little worrying, especially since I have a 3-year-old.”
Zimmerschied says she has to take public transit from her home on Beacon Hill to her job on Capitol Hill. She says acts of terror can happen anywhere and anytime – and it's not possible for her to change how she commutes.
“I literally can't change them, I can't do anything other than take the bus or light rail,” she said. “That's all I got.”
“You know, these incidents can happen anywhere,” said security expert Jeffery Slotnick.
Slotnick says Seattle, and most other large cities, already have soft targets like concerts venues and sports stadiums. But he says changing up your habits is one way those seeking to stoke terror can find success.
“I wouldn't let events like what happened in New York this morning or three weeks ago, discourage you from shopping, enjoying your life and having a good time with your family,” he said.
Zimmerschied says she feels not only comfortable, she also feels safe riding public transit in and around Seattle.
“There are security guards or people present almost every single time,” she said. “I like to think there's somebody keeping an eye out.”
Sound transit says besides electronic security measures and security guards, passengers also play a part when looking out for suspicious items and people.
An agency spokesperson says the public needs to keep their eyes peeled for things that look out of the ordinary, and speak out when something doesn't seem right.
The Seattle FBI office shared this statement with Q13 News:
T he FBI currently has no specific, credible information that would suggest a pending threat to Washington state. However, the FBI remains vigilant and, as we do every day, will continue to work with law enforcement partners to detect, disrupt, and dismantle any threats that may emerge. We also maintain communication with FBI Headquarters to remain abreast of developments around the world that may inform our outreach efforts and investigative activities in the state of Washington.
EM ASIA FX- Most Asian currencies edge up as U.S. inflation data dents dollar
(Adds details, updates prices) By Susan Mathew June 15 Most Asian currencies edged higher on Thursday, buoyed by a retreating dollar as U.S. inflation data was weaker than expected, leaving investors doubting there will be a third rate hike this year by the Federal Reserve. A Washington Post report saying a special counsel is investigating U.S. President Donald Trump for possible obstruction of justice added to the weakness in the U.S. currency. The dollar index, whi
It's somewhere between work and vacation.
That's the motto of Rich Dodson, guitarist and singer of Canadian icons The Stampeders who are bringing their classic, tie-dye rock anthems to Vernon April 7 and Kelowna April 8.
“It's hard to describe being in The Stampeders as work. We're very fortunate for that,” Dodson said. “That's sort of what this band has always been.”
Originally known as The Rebounders, the group formed as a five-piece band in the late '60s in Calgary before they relocated to Toronto and rebranded as The Stampeders. After the group was whittled down to it's core trio, they rose to international fame for their platinum single, Sweet City Woman, for which they won Juno Awards in the categories of best group, best single, the best producer and best composer.
Now that they've reached those heights, Dodson said, it's time to just have fun.
“We wanted to do a little southern B.C. tour. It's fun going through that spot again. It's a little run we'd probably never really do,” Dodson said. “We're full up on fame and just looking forward to more fun.”
Related: The Stampeders, Carrying On with classic hits
The Stampeders split in 1977 after reaching wondrous heights. But, in 1992 at the Calgary Stampede, the trio brought The Stampeders back to life and have since been recognized by the Society of Composers, Authors and Music Publishers of Canada (SOCAN) for their lifetime achievement, been inducted into the SOCAN Songwriters Hall of Fame on five occasions and the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame for Sweet City Woman.
However, instead of doing the lengthy tours of old, The Stampeders now prefer to keep their road time light.
“Maybe 25 dates a year is all we do. It's enough to keep it going not be done with it, to keep it fresh,” Dodson said. “The touring thing, I rather like. I never thought I would miss it when I left, but I did.”
Comprised of the original trio of Dodson with his signature double neck guitar, Ronnie King who tows the bass line while Kim Berly keeps the beat, The Stampeder's 13 stop tour stretches from the Island to the Kootenays with stops at small theatres across the province.
Related: Sweet City Woman sings for 45 years
“I'm looking forward to the tour, and at our age, this could be our last southern B.C. tour.” Dodson said. “It's nice to be up front and close to the audience. The band has nothing to prove and we don't take it too seriously.”
However, they don't disregard the tunes.
“We still play too loud. It's one, two, three rock n' roll,” Dodson said, adding that they bring their own light and sound people on tour. “It's fun to get together with the guys again. It can be a little tiring, these barn burners, but reconnecting with the fans afterwards is a big buzz.”
And, despite significant changes to the business since The Stampeders rose to fame in the '70s, Dodson said connecting with fans is just as easy and important as ever.
“The internet is the big change. The internet has allowed us to reintroduce The Stampeders,” Dodson said.
Not only has the internet changed the world of music, but it has allowed Canada to become a front-runner in the business.
“Now we have such a strong industry here (in Canada) you can be a Blue Rodeo band and not have to worry about cracking the United States,” Dodson said. “We just seem to have a good situation up here for talent and developing talent. Maybe because it's so cold in the winter we just spend a lot of time in the basement recording.”
While the industry may have evolved, Dodson said they're still the same old Stampeders.
“Come check out the old guys when they're still jumping around, and the clock is ticking,” Dodson laughed. “We're just kids. We're 70, but we're just older kids.”
The Stampeders rock the Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre April 7 at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are $65 and are available through the Ticket Seller, 250-549-7469, www.ticketseller.ca. The Kelowna performance is slated for 8 p.m. at the Kelowna Community Theatre April 8. Tickets are $60 and are available through Select Your Tickets, 250-762-5050, www.theatre.kelowna.ca.
@VernonNews
parker.crook@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
HOUSTON, April 28 Oil producer Chevron Corp said on Friday it swung to a first-quarter profit due to cost cuts and rising crude prices.
The company posted net income of $2.68 billion, or $1.41 per share, compared to a loss of $725 million, or 39 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Production rose 0.4 percent to 2.67 million barrels of oil equivalent per day. (Reporting by Ernest Scheyder)
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
FILE PHOTO: Spanners are placed on a mat by mechanics for the photographer inside a Toyota service centre in Taipei March 3, 2010. REUTERS/Nicky Loh/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Toyota Motor Co President Akio Toyoda speaks between the company's new Corolla Axio sedan (L) and Fielder wagon at a line-off ceremony at Toyota Group's car manufacturer Central Motor Co's. Miyagi plant in Ohira village, of Miyagi prefecture, northern Japan, May 11, 2012. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The Toyota logo seen during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
TOKYO Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) on Thursday said it was recalling a total of about 2.9 million vehicles in Japan, China, Oceania and other regions including its Corolla Axio sedan and RAV4 SUV crossover due to potentially faulty airbag inflators.
Fuji Heavy Industries (7270.T), the maker of Subaru cars, Mitsubishi Motors Corp (7211.T) and truckmaker Hino Motors (7205.T) also recalled a total of about 240,000 vehicles in the domestic market over inflators made by Takata Corp (7312.T) which can explode after prolonged exposure to hot conditions.
At least 16 deaths have been linked to exploding Takata inflators, mainly in the United States, prompting the auto industry's biggest-ever global recall.
Global transport authorities consider Takata inflators containing the chemical compound ammonium nitrate to be unsafe if used without a drying agent, and have ordered all of the about 100 million on the market to be withdrawn.
The Japanese automakers said that the latest recalls were part of a wider recall of Takata inflators ordered by global transport authorities last year.
Toyota said that recalls were issued for about 1.16 million vehicles sold in Oceania, the Middle East and the automaker's smaller markets, nearly one-third of total, while about 750,000 vehicles had been recalled in Japan.
Vehicles sold in North America, Toyota's biggest market, were exempt from the latest recall, it added.
Takata is currently seeking a financial sponsor to help pay for the costs related to the recalls. Last month, it pleaded guilty to a U.S. felony charge as part of a $1 billion settlement over its faulty inflators.
(Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu; Editing by STephen Coates)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SOCHI, Russia, April 29 Formula One frontrunner Sebastian Vettel kept Ferrari ahead of champions Mercedes in final Russian Grand Prix practice on Saturday.
The German, who is seven points clear of Mercedes's Lewis Hamilton after winning two of the first three races, lapped the Sochi street circuit with the fastest time of one minute 34.001 seconds on the ultrasoft tyres.
Finnish teammate Kimi Raikkonen was second on the timesheets, 0.337 slower than the four-times world champion, with compatriot Valtteri Bottas third for Mercedes.
The Ferrari drivers led both sessions on Friday, with Bottas again quicker than triple world champion Hamilton.
Mercedes have led every lap in Sochi since the race made its debut on the calendar after the 2014 Winter Olympics, with Hamilton winning the first two races and now-retired 2016 champion Nico Rosberg triumphant last year.
The champions have also started the last 18 races on pole position but that remarkable run may end in Saturday's later qualifying unless Mercedes are holding something back.
"I think Mercedes will be fine; it's a circuit that suits them, so they will be strong," Vettel had said after Friday practice.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen was fifth fastest with Brazilian Felipe Massa sixth for Williams.
Britain's Jolyon Palmer did just four laps but failed to set a time after Renault changed his chassis overnight as a precautionary measure, following an exhaust leak.
The team will also replace the car's engine before qualifying. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Enjoy live music and get tickets to another show, Rib Round Up 2018.
Join Chelsea tonight (Feb 3) at Harbourside Place in Jupiter from 5:30p-7:30p and get your $30. Rib Round Up Tickets with NO EXTRA FEES!
Enjoy a special performance by singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, Nikki Lickstein.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND HEIGHTS, Ohio – An attorney who told officers he forgot his girlfriend's "quiet" son was in the car with him, has his own court date after a good Samaritan rescued the child from a car left under the blazing sun with the windows rolled up.
Police released the urgent 911 call made from a Home Depot parking lot in Cleveland Heights:
911 dispatcher: "What's going on at the Home Depot?" Caller: "There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up. I got the alarm going 'cuz I opened the door." 911 dispatcher: "So were you able to get the kid out of the car?" Caller: "Yes, but I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got his kid."
It was just after 2 p.m. Monday when a passerby spotted the 9-year-old boy inside a 2017 black Nissan Altima with the windows closed, as the heat index outside reached 94 degrees.
911 dispatcher: "How is the child doing, does the child need any medical attention?" Caller: "Yeah he's slobbering at the mouth." 911 dispatcher: "He's what?" Caller: "He's slobbering at the mouth."
The good Samaritan opened an unlocked car door then waited for police and paramedics.
Police body camera footage showed officers arriving on scene as the young boy sat in the back seat.
Minutes later, the owner of the vehicle, Paul Bayer, 65, appears after running out of the Home Depot apologizing, “I'm here! Oh my God I'm so sorry." He tells the officers that he had forgotten the boy was inside the car.
"Why did you leave him in the car again?" an officer asks.
"He got real quiet, I forgot he was with me, I came here for a quick drum and I forgot I had him," Bayer says.
"Forgot you had your kid in the car?" the officer asks.
"It's my girlfriend's kid," Bayers says. "But yeah, when he gets quiet."
Police say the child, who has autism, was inside the hot car for 20 minutes.
EMS gave him cold water, checked his vitals and determined he was okay.
Bayer, a bankruptcy attorney in Woodmere, told police that the boy is his 36-year-old girlfriend's son.
He was arrested and charged with endangering a child and is now free on bond.
WASHINGTON, April 28 The Federal Reserve wants to give input on future rules governing how technology companies move into consumer lending markets, Fed Governor Lael Brainard said on Friday.
Technology companies may reach consumers directly with loans under a new license proposed by a leading U.S. bank regulator but the Fed has concerns, Brainard said
Policymakers will have to determine whether financial technology, or fintech, companies may tap the Fed for services that large, traditional banks enjoy.
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), a leading regulator for national banks, has said it is open to a new type of banking charter for technology companies.
"The OCC's proposal raises interpretive and policy issues for the Federal Reserve regarding whether charter recipients would become Federal Reserve members or have access to Federal Reserve accounts and services," Brainard told a conference at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.
(Reporting By Patrick Rucker in Washington and Anna Irrera in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
A briefing note from August shows Hajdu had already directed the department to come up with the new employer declaration to ensure funding went to groups with "mandates that are consistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and court decisions." Hajdu needed to approve the final wording before the fall, the note said.
Her department crafted several pages of legal advice, all of it blocked from release on the grounds of solicitor-client privilege.
The Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada, meanwhile, was getting only radio silence from Hajdu's office.
"We didn't know what was really going on," said Joyce Arthur, the coalition's executive director.
"Then, in December, they suddenly announced this attestation requirement. At the time we didn't really know why they chose that solution, but we thought, 'Whatever works.' "
The new requirements appeared to come out of nowhere, said one government official, who described initial political trepidation about the eligibility rules.
Faith-based groups howled in protest, saying they violated religious and free-speech rights. Hajdu and Liberal MPs defended the wording of the declaration.
One Toronto-area Liberal MP wrote to a complainant, saying that while individuals could disagree with the declaration, "freedom of religion is an individual right and is not something which can be superimposed on an organization."
Religious leaders who met with Hajdu in late March left with the impression there might be some movement on the wording, but a government official said Hajdu only agreed to a review and gave no hint that the language dealing specifically with reproductive rights would be removed.
Hajdu said Thursday she is looking to clarify language in the application form and guide that clears up concerns from groups and lets the government meet its policy objectives.
In the meantime, Arthur's organization plans to pore over the full list of this year's employers to see if any of the hundreds of groups in their database have been approved for funding.
Hajdu also said the department is working with employers who are concerned that increases in provincial minimum wages in provinces like Ontario may force them to cut back on hours offered to summer students.
Gerindra Party's door is still open for Gatot Nurmantyo. The statement was said by the Chairman of Gerindra Party Prabowo Subianto. He opens the door for the former commander of Indonesian Armed Forces (TNI) General Gatot Nurmantyo, if he wants to join his party after retirement.
“If for such a character, we will invite. If interested, of course we are grateful,” said Prabowo in Hambalang, Bogor, Saturday (12/9/2017) night. However, Prabowo did not want to force General Gatot to join the party. According to him, General Gatot still needs to rest after serving for decades.
“But, we do not want to burden him, let him after so many years of work, a few months he wants to consolidate first,” said Prabowo Subianto who has twice failed in presidential election before.
For information, TNI General Gatot Nurmantyo officially handed the baton to the new TNI Commander Marshal Hadi Tjahjanto at TNI Headquarters Cilangkap, East Jakarta, Saturday (12/9).
Reported, after giving up his position as commander of the TNI, the four-star general is entering the retirement phase. The reason, Gatot is going to wait for his retirement in March 2018.
BERLIN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Negotiators agreeing the terms of a new coalition between German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) said in a working paper seen by Reuters on Friday they wanted to foster adoption of electric vehicles by introducing a 50 percent write down for electric fleet cars in the first year after purchase. (Reporting by Markus Wacket; Writing by Thomas Escritt; Editing by Paul Carrel)
April 10 Inventiva SA:
* Expects to finalize recruitment of patients for Phase 2B of developing IVA337 product in the treatment of systemic sclerosis in second semester of 2017
* Expects first results of the study to be announced in second semester of 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Tyler Baltierra isn't holding back on opening up about the negative feelings that he's experiencing.
On Monday's Teen Mom OG premiere, the father of two expresses his stress to his mother, Kim, while out to dinner with his wife, Catelynn Lowell Baltierra, and daughter Novalee Reign.
“It's been a long couple of weeks,” he admits to his mom. “I don't know if it's her mental illness on top and dealing with all of that and then having to be super strong. Trying to keep it all together upstairs. I need to go see my therapist.”
Later in the episode, Baltierra visits his therapist, where he discloses that his father, Butch, violated parole and is in prison again.
“I immediately just got angry. … It almost brought me right back to when I was a teenager and kid. … Now it's like okay, I literally have no strength left. It's just gone,” he tells her. “I've literally exhausted it on Cate and now I've exhausted it on my dad. It's like … too much. I don't have any more strength. It's gone.”
“This is exactly what happened when I was a kid. I remember when I first started feeling depressed when I was a younger kid, I would just do a lot of dazing. Like, I would stare off. These are signs that I remember as a kid and that's when I tried committing suicide. Yeah, just the same thing,” he continued.
Asked if it feels like that now, he admitted that “it does. That's why it started to freak me out. … I don't feel joy with things that should probably feel joyful. And I'm like super negative.”
“Sometimes I feel like I'm neglecting myself to focus on her so much and that's not fair. But at the same time, you know how she gets if I say anything, so I don't say too much. Because first of all, I don't want to push her into a panic attack. Second off, she overreacts with things and will start crying,” he continues.
In an effort to help him with these concerns, the therapist encourages him to continue having these conversations. “You don't stop it. Just because the tears come, if it stops, you're compromising because your needs aren't getting met,” she tells him. “You need to have some kind of resolution about Hey, I need to know where you're at.”
FROM COINAGE: The Cost of Dancing With the Stars‘ Mirrorball Trophy
When Baltierra returned home from his therapy session, he tells Catelynn about how he's been feeling.
“I'm just always thinking negative all the time, it's a lot like when I was a kid,” he said. “And all the stuff with my dad, I think It's just pushed me over the edge. You haven't noticed anything different?”
“It's not like you're sad,” she said. “You're happy, silly and goofy sometimes, you know?”
He responded: “Well, I'm good at, you know, being that way.”
When Catelynn tried to ask what kind of emotional support he needs from her, Baltierra said, “I don't really need anything from you. You think it's something you did, something that was your fault, right?”
“Yeah, I am,” she said. “You know how I always get.”
“I know, that's why I don't tell you,” he responded. “It's been a long year… not focusing on me. It does get exhausting.”
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on MTV.
RILEY COUNTY — First responders with four agencies worked together Sunday night to rescue a group stranded on a sandbar due to low water levels on the Kansas River.
According to a social media report from the Riley County Police Department, the Manhattan Fire Department, Riley County EMS and the officials with the Kansas Department of Kansas Wildlife, Parks and Tourism combined their resources to rescue six adults and five children.
No injuries were reported.
Snow is expected across southern Ontario starting today and into tomorrow morning.
Environment Canada has issued a weather statement saying the region can expect five to 10 centimetres of snow as a result of a winter weather system called an "Alberta Clipper."
The agency says there may be a few flurries earlier in the day but the steadier snow is expected to start this afternoon.
It says driving conditions are likely to be poor.
The stars of the 12 participating films join the motorcade in Manila
Published 3:12 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Pista ng Pelikulang Pilipino (PPP) kicked off its celebration with a parade on Sunday, August 13, in Manila.
The floats of the 12 participating films – Birdshot, 100 Tula Para Kay Stella, Ang Manananggal sa Unit 23B, AWOL, Bar Boys, Hamog, Paglipay, Patay na si Hesus, Pauwi Na, Salvage, Star na si Van Damme Stallone, and Triptiko – started their parade at the Liwasang Bonifacio and ended at Rizal Park's Burnham Green.
The audience were treated to games and other activities like ChalkArt, kite flying, and cultural performances. Stars also danced and sang for the fans.
At the event, National Youth Commission (NYC) Chairperson Aiza Seguerra also announced the 12 films for the Sine Kabataan, which is also part of the PPP.
The PPP, a project of the Film Development Council of the Philippines (FDCP), will run from August 16 to August 22.
– Rappler.com
A woman sits in her market stall in Cotonou, Benin amid piles of merchandise that she says she is struggling to sell, March 15, 2017. Picture taken March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Allegresse Sasse
COTONOU/SEME, Nigeria On the outskirts of Benin's port city of Cotonou, thousands of used cars fill a vast parking lot but the merchants who used to come here from Nigeria to haggle for them are absent as recession bites at home.
Fréjus Fatondji works at one of dozens of car lots in the commune of Seme-Kpodji, wedged on a spit of land between Cotonou and the Nigerian border.
"There are no more Nigerian buyers, the car parks are full of merchandise, and mechanics, drivers, electricians, painters have all lost their jobs," he said, gazing morosely over a row of second-hand cars imported from Europe.
At an adjacent lot, Tadjou Adejouma, vice president of a car import dealership, said that until last year they were selling 35,000 vehicles a month and now they barely sell 3,000.
Residents say drivers used to pass by in huge convoys, speeding towards the border, beeping their horns in celebration. Bars that sprang up to cater for visiting clients have closed and dozens of Lebanese, who dominate the import business in West Africa, have departed, residents say.
Benin is known as a "warehouse state" because it acts as a smuggling hub for goods bound for its larger, English-speaking neighbour Nigeria, Africa's largest economy.
Import bans and high tariffs in protectionist Nigeria on everything from used cars to cigarettes as well as chronic congestion in its ports have encouraged trade across the border with Benin, which maintains low tariffs on goods it imports.
But a recession in Nigeria which began last year, followed by the central bank's decision to keep the naira at an artificially high rate, has choked off dollar supplies through official channels, forcing importers to pay a huge premium on the black market. This has driven up prices for goods paid for in West African CFA francs and crushed cross-border trade.
Amid growing signs of stagnation in Cotonou, from which 80 percent of the country's imports were previously sent to Nigeria, some question whether Benin's model of secretly re-exporting goods it has not produced is sustainable in a region which plans to remove anomalies in the tariff system that encourage smuggling.
An International Monetary Fund report in December said the slowdown in the Nigerian economy was having "significant impacts" on Benin, including a decline in customs revenue due to reduced imports since the Nigerian slump.
"There are three factors at play in the decline: the recession in Nigeria, the naira devaluation and the increased effectiveness of Nigerian customs officials after some changes at the top introduced by (President Muhammadu) Buhari," said Malte Liewerscheidt, Senior Africa Analyst at Verisk Maplecroft.
Benin's finance ministry said it expected trade with Nigeria to pick up again this year and it is trying to encourage a return to a formal economy for regional commerce. Nigeria's customs service said it will begin an "aggressive anti-smuggling operation" in April and encouraged people to pay outstanding customs duties on vehicles in the remaining grace period.
On the other side of the border, in the Nigerian town of Seme, 34-year-old Akowanu Ayoola Yusuf sits idle on the wall of a gas station, saying he has given up the increasingly costly and risky business of importing used cars from Benin.
"It's not as plenty as it used to be before due to the exchange rate," said Yusuf, speaking in Nigerian Pidgin.
Nearby, a family divides a bag of rice smuggled in from Benin into small containers to hide in different crannies of their car in the hope of outwitting officials along the 20 km drive back to Lagos.
UNOFFICIAL BUSINESS
Smuggling is big business, accounting for 20 percent of cotton-growing Benin's GDP, according to the World Bank. But, on paper at least, there is little trace of the trade.
A former French colony where more than a third of people live in poverty, Benin records Nigeria-bound imports as being for domestic consumption, according to the IMF.
This has the advantage of concealing the scale of the business from Nigeria, which has accused Benin officials of undermining its laws. It also allows Benin to collect VAT and other fees on the imported goods.
Officials turn a blind eye to secret canal networks dug to ship goods across the lakes and lagoons of the border region, as well as the bribes sometimes paid to let them through, residents say. They do the same for cheap Nigerian fuel coming the other way, often ferried into Benin in jerrycans on small canoes.
In addition to the Lebanese merchants, the business is often conducted by Yorubas, an ethnic group from southwestern Nigeria and Benin that has been involved in cross-border trade since colonial times.
Countries in the 15-member West African regional bloc ECOWAS officially introduced common import tariffs in 2016, which should reduce opportunities for smuggling, although implementation has so far been patchy.
But in a sign of what may be to come, re-exports from the Gambia to its larger neighbour Senegal fell sharply after Senegal cut import tariffs in 2000.
"We are hooked on a form of income that is not renewing itself," said John Igué, director of a Cotonou-based think tank, who added that Benin should aim to produce more locally.
Still, Benin could remain an important transit country for landlocked neighbours Niger and Burkina Faso, especially if a long-stalled railway project to connect them is launched.
(Writing and additional reporting by Emma Farge and Ulf Laessing; Editing by Giles Elgood)
Cheating is pretty bad, but if you dare to cheat on Iggy Azalea it's gonna be extra horrible.
During an appearance on Watch What Happens Live on Sunday, the “Fancy” singer revealed she torched ex fiancé Nick Young‘s clothes in a fire pit after she found out he was cheating on her.
“I burnt it all, darling,” she said gleefully. “Every designer you could think of, I've burned.” Initially she tried to destroy his haute couture by tossing it into a nearby swimming pool, but “it just seemed like that didn't work.” That's when she moved on to the impromptu bonfire.
However, the Aussie rapper, 27, didn't throw everything into the flames at once. “I'm fair,” she insists. Instead she started burning the cheap clothes and sent Young a video letting him know she would be moving on to the pricey ones.
“I text him and video and I was like, ‘Hey, I'm burning your s—. I don't know where you're at – probably with some girl. I hope you get home quickly because we're progressing on the spectrum of cheap to expensive.”
Unfortunately for Young, the inexpensive stuff went pretty quickly — but not so for the high-end stuff. “I will say expensive doesn't burn well. All the Forever 21 just went,” she added.
“RELATED:11 Stars Share Their Most Devastating and Heart-Wrenching Breakup Stories
Azalea got engaged to the basketball player in 2015, but the pair split after a year due to Young's infidelity. In March 2016, a video of Young apparently bragging about sleeping with other women was leaked by teammate D'Angelo Russell.
At a post-game press conference Young just said, “What happened is what happened,” before confirming the break up on Twitter posting, “Single.”
Single — Nick Young (@NickSwagyPYoung) June 19, 2016
Azalea recently released a music video for her new song “Savior,” featuring Quavo, on Feb. 28. She met Cardi B while recording the single and told Andy Cohen she would love to record a song with her.
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for his new track “Almost Like Praying.”
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “Immigrants” Video
Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song, which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico.
Written by Miranda only last week, the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “Maria,” from West Side Story.
Check out the star-studded charity single below.
Schools across Bedfordshire are closed this morning because of the snow.
Many roads are still impacted by the snowfall yesterday making it difficukt for parents and staff to get into schools
Luton Borough Council has announced all schools are closed while many in Central Bedfordshire are also closed.
School transport has been cancelled.
To find out more check with your school are council website at: https://www.luton.gov.uk/Education_and_learning/Schools_and_colleges/term-dates-school-closures/Pages/School%20closures.aspx?platform=hootsuite
https://www.centralbedfordshire.gov.uk/webapps/sos/
DUBLIN Irish retail sales volumes saw their lowest annual growth in over three years in February, dragged down by weak car and fuel sales, data showed on Tuesday.
Volumes rose 1.1 percent in the 12 months to February, the weakest growth registered since October 2013. They would have grown 5.9 percent if car sales were excluded, the Central Statistics Office said.
Retail sales volumes were 0.5 percent lower in February than January, but up 1.1 percent excluding cars.
(Reporting by Conor Humphries; editing by John Stonestreet)
Blue Jays general manager Ross Atkins is in a favourable position when it comes to negotiating a trade for highly-coveted left-hander J.A. Happ prior to the July 31 trade deadline. He is not up against the wall in terms of payroll, so the Jays can afford to be creative when it comes to the remaining amount of his $13-million salary for 2018. That ability to eat salary means the return in talent can be better.
There are also plenty of suitors that believe they are contenders and could use a veteran starter like Happ with up to a dozen starts left in August and September. And if the trade is made earlier in July, as is a strong possibility, that team will get even more of Happ. Among teams who may feel they need another starter are the Yankees, Braves, Phillies, Red Sox, Mariners, Dodgers and Diamondbacks.
What might the Jays expect in return for Happ, who is 10-4 this season with a 4.03 ERA and a solid 1.110 WHIP? Here are a couple of recent examples of Atkins and the Jays trading a starter the past two years and what they received in return:
•Aug. 1, 2016: The Jays traded RHP Drew Hutchison to the Pirates for LHP Francisco Liriano, C Reese McGuire and OF Harold Ramirez. The Jays' willingness to take the Liriano contract was a key. Meanwhile McGuire now ranks 14th on the Jays' list of prospects, while Ramirez recently dropped out of the Top 30.
•On July 31, 2017: The Jays traded Liriano to the Astros for OF Nori Aoki and OF Teoscar Hernandez. The Jays took on the veteran Aoki to eat his contract, while Hernandez has now become a starter in the Jays' outfield.
Happ is better than either Hutchison or Liriano. Look for a similar type of deal, where the Jays pay a large chunk of Happ's remaining salary or else take on an unwanted contract from their trading partner. In either case, Happ has enjoyed his time in Toronto, where he has had his most success, so a deadline trade does not preclude the Jays from negotiating with Happ as a free agent in November.
MLB GETS YOUNGER, JAYS DON'T: The major-league game is changing, getting younger, and it's up to the Blue Jays to keep pace with what they see unfolding around them.
Executing fundamentals is no longer what fans are looking for as much as they are high ceilings, with amazing raw skills. Throwing to the right base or trailing a lead runner and taking the extra base on a missed cutoff throw are no longer skills that are valued. What counts is Sports Centre highlights with amazing athletes doing amazing things. That's where it's at. Let the best kids learn in the majors and take away the dread of four or five years riding buses in the minors. Lure the best athletes.
The stars of the MLB game are getting younger and it seems drafted players or international free agents that may have educational options or are multi-sport athletes are now realizing that the faster they sign and immerse themselves in professional baseball, the faster their path to the major leagues.
Griffin Conine, the Jays' second-round pick last month, pointed that fact out on a conference call after he signed, speaking of the opportunity to reach the majors following a short minor-league path.
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
NEW YORK (AP) — A top Federal Reserve official suggested Monday that the Fed will likely announce next month that it will begin paring its bond portfolio — a step that could lead to slightly higher rates on mortgages and other loans.
In an interview with The Associated Press, William Dudley, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said he thinks the Fed has adequately prepared investors for a reduction in the portfolio, which swelled after the 2008 financial crisis as the Fed bought bonds to reduce long-term rates. With the economy now much healthier, the Fed is ready to begin selling some of those bonds.
Dudley also said that he would favor a third increase this year in the Fed's benchmark short-term rate if the economy remained strong. Many investors expect a modest rate hike in December, to follow the Fed's previous increases in March and June this year.
Speaking of the Fed's likely September announcement that it will begin shrinking its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio, Dudley expressed confidence that investors would react calmly to the prospect of modestly higher rates on some consumer and business loans. He noted that the Fed spelled out to investors months ago the system it plans to use to reduce the portfolio gradually.
"The plan is out there," he said during an interview at the New York Fed. "It's been generally well-received and fully anticipated. People expect it to take place."
As president of the Fed's New York regional bank, Dudley is an influential voice on interest-rate policy. He is vice chairman of the central bank's policy panel that sets interest rates and is a longtime close ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen.
His interview with the AP comes at a time when the Fed has essentially met one of its two mandates: To maximize employment. The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low of 4.3 percent, and job growth remains consistently solid.
Yet the Fed has so far failed to meet its second objective of keeping prices stable. Inflation has stayed chronically below the Fed's 2 percent target rate — a problem because consumers often delay purchases when they think prices will stay the same or even decline. In its latest reading, the Fed's preferred inflation gauge was just 1.4 percent year over year. Dudley said Monday that he still thinks inflation will rise toward the Fed's target level as the job market strengthens further and sluggish wage growth begins to pick up.
On other topics, Dudley:
— Suggested that Gary Cohn, who leads President Donald Trump's National Economic Council and is close to Trump, would be a "reasonable candidate" to succeed Yellen as Fed chair if Trump chooses not to re-nominate Yellen when her term ends early next year. Dudley, who worked with Cohn as top officials at Goldman Sachs, said Cohn "knows a lot about financial markets," and "I don't think you have to have a Ph.D. in economics" to lead the Fed. In a recent interview, Trump said he was considering both Yellen and Cohn for the top Fed job, along with some other candidates he would not name.
— Expressed confidence that the Fed's political independence, long considered essential for it to carry out its functions, would remain respected during a Trump presidency. Trump may have the opportunity to install up to five members of the Fed's seven-member board over the next year, and the president has shown a tendency to expect loyalty from some people he has named to key positions. Trump had offered a harsh judgment of the Fed and of Yellen during the presidential campaign but has since avoided making critical comments. Dudley noted that the Trump administration has so far been "very hands-off" toward the Fed, "very respectful of monetary policy."
— Said that even as stock prices set record highs and other assets surge as well, he isn't concerned that any potentially devastating asset bubbles might be forming, akin to the subprime mortgage bubble that triggered the 2008 crisis. Dudley said asset prices "are pretty consistent with what we are seeing in terms of the actual performance of the economy," which he said has been evolving without much volatility.
The Fed's announcement that it will start paring its bond portfolio is expected to come after its next policy meeting ends Sept. 20. The meeting after that, in December, is when many Fed watchers expect the next increase in its key short-term rate, which remains in a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent.
Yellen and other Fed officials have attributed the persistently low inflation rate, which slowed further in recent months, to such transitory events as a sharp drop in cellphone fees.
Dudley said that if the economy evolves during the rest of 2017 as he expects, with inflation rebounding, "I would be in favor of doing another rate hike later this year."
MAKING BOND'S CAR ACCESSORIES LOOK LAME All About The US President's Transport System (Which Costs $2,614 A Minute)
The secret service devotes a tremendous amount of energy and money to keep the president safe while traveling.
OAKLAND, Calif. | Stephen Curry tucked a celebratory cigar into his right sock for safekeeping as he handled all of his post-championship obligations.
His fists were clenched as he pondered his latest accomplishment, still wearing his sweaty uniform, ankle braces, kneepads and game shoes. Oh, there would be more partying, for sure. Perhaps all summer long.
And if he and the rest of the Warriors have their way, for years to come.
Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry, center, holds his daughter Riley as they celebrate with forward Kevin Durant, left, after Game 5 of basketball's NBA Finals against the Cleveland Cavaliers in Oakland, Calif., Monday, June 12, 2017. The Warriors won 129-120 to win the NBA championship. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
Curry, Kevin Durant and their teammates are determined to build a dynasty together — and they might just be well on their way.
LeBron James believes so.
Two titles in three years for Golden State. A fabulous first one with and for Durant.
“We're obviously just getting started,” Curry said after closing out Cleveland in Monday night's NBA Finals Game 5. “This is something that we want to continue to do, but for us to have these conversations that we had almost a year ago and now being in this position, worth every shot we took in practice, fighting through injuries that he had this year, and it's an unbelievable feeling.”
The second NBA championship feels drastically different for Curry, because this one was a comeback from a heartbreaking missed opportunity last year against James and the Cavaliers when the Warriors knew they should have won it all but squandered a 3-1 lead.
As a raucous crowd cheered at Oracle Arena, Curry watched freshly crowned Finals MVP Durant capturing his first ring in his 10th NBA season.
“It's different just because of what happened last year to be honest,” Curry said. “We went through, for lack of a better term, basketball hell in that sense of just being so close to getting the job done and not realizing that goal and having to think about that for an entire year and compartmentalize and just try to keep the right perspective about this season and learn the lessons that we learned.”
Coach Steve Kerr cried. Golden State general manager Bob Myers also was moved to tears given Kerr's courageous Finals comeback from an 11-game absence while dealing with complications from back surgery following the 2015 title run.
Kerr still found time to crack a joke on the stage afterward: “Well, we had very little talent, actually, it was mostly coaching.”
Later, he was straightforward and serious: “We were heartbroken last year, but this year was our turn.”
Myers realizes adding Durant might not have worked so well with anyone but the Warriors.
“Kevin's journey, our team embraced him. Some teams wouldn't embrace a guy who came into a situation like ours. It looks like it was easy, but guys like Steph Curry welcoming him and kind of let him shine — it worked out like it should,” Myers said. “If you want to win, it doesn't matter. It's not about who scored what. It's about winning. I think he knew that. He won a championship, and then we were close and didn't win one. So you have a clear sense of what matters when you go through that stuff.”
Now, the Warriors will face a frenzy of free-agent moves this summer to try to keep as many stars and brilliant backups as possible around for another run in 2018.
Owner Joe Lacob will be pulling out his pocketbook to potentially give Curry a $200 million deal. Whatever it is, the big-money contract will be a hefty raise from the $12 million he earned on the way to a 16-1 postseason.
Money and egos aside, the Warriors blended beautifully from the day Durant first walked into team headquarters.
“I mean, come on, you got a bunch of guys who are talented and can shoot and pass and dribble, and they're unselfish,” Kerr said. “There was never any question in my mind that this was going to work. So, this is the culmination of a year where they grew together and learned each other's games and got better and better all year, and it was just phenomenal to be part of.”
One moment late Monday captured the camaraderie that evolved. As a grinning Curry held daughter Riley in his arms, Durant stood next to them with his left hand on the point guard's head.
Later, the two-time reigning MVP took off his new NBA champions hat and studied it briefly before pulling it on again, backward.
Curry had Durant to complement his game this time, to take some pressure off. They learned from each other every step of the way, they pushed one another through fierce shooting competitions that were pure entertainment on a practice floor.
At the start, Curry took a back seat to let KD get comfortable. Then Curry carried Golden State while Durant healed from a left knee injury that sidelined him late in the regular season.
“Steph definitely took a back seat to start the season until he realized we didn't need him to take a back seat, we need you to be aggressive as you're going to be,” forward Draymond Green said. “And when Steph turned that corner, I think it was after Christmas Day, when he turned that corner, we became almost unbeatable.”
More AP NBA: http://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Wisdomtree Investments Inc:
* WISDOMTREE ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER 2017 RESULTS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.00
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.04
* WISDOMTREE INVESTMENTS - ‍U.S. LISTED ETF ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT WAS $46.8 BILLION AT DEC 31, 2017, UP 5.5% FROM SEPTEMBER 30, 2017​
* QTRLY TOTAL REVENUES $61.4 MILLION VERSUS $50.8 MILLION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.07, REVENUE VIEW $60.5 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Two mornings ago, as the first heat of the day was about to start, a lone grommet was still floating around in the Bells Bowl, ignoring the beach announcers' calls to get his ass outta there, the waves too good to simply paddle in. The grommet just wanted one more but was cutting it fine. A stacked set was steaming around the corner and Jordy Smith was sitting there ready for it. The hooter sounded, Hells Bells tolled, and Jordy took off with the kid duckdiving straight in front of him, perfectly in the way, eyes wide and suddenly thinking he should've gone in five minutes earlier. The grom washed in down toward the Winkipop Button and hotfooted it to the car park as fast as he could. Everyone was asking who the kid with the red board was who'd almost screwed up Jordy's wave.
Yesterday, the kid did his penance.
Turns out he's a Californian grom by the name of Max Beach, who with his red hair and freckles admittedly does look pretty mischievous. Max is here at Bells doing some coaching work with Brad Gerlach, Bells' newest local. Anyone who's worked with Gerr knows his surf dojo teaches both the art of surfing and the art of life, so when Gerr heard Max had interloped, he called up Tour judge Dave Shipley and organized for Max to come in and apologize to the panel in person. It wasn't done to punish a kid whose only crime was wanting to surf perfect Bells, but for him to take something from the experience.
Max and Gerr met the judges today while they were working heats, Max apologized, then got to hang out in the judges' room watching the heat and seeing it judged live. It was an invaluable experience for a grom trying to make a go of it and Max was kinda pumped afterward. As they walked out, Gerr reminded him of the reality of the surfer/judge relationship. “Remember, these are the guys who can turn your nines into fives. You gotta respect them.”
Speaking of judging, I don't think in the history of pro surfing we have ever seen a perfect 10 dropped on the first wave of the day. Yesterday, we probably should have. We saw a perfect 10 dropped on the last wave of the day at North Point recently with Seabass, but you'll never see one on the first wave because the judges have nowhere to go for the rest of the day. Go back and Google Taj Burrow's wave at the 2006 Mexican Search event. Watch it, then watch it again, and try and understand how it wasn't a 10. The reason why, of course, is that it was the first wave of the day.
Filipe Toledo shouldn't surf Bells well. He's the master short-arc surfer plonked out there on a long arc wave, but Toledo is threatening to turn this contest on its head in much the same way John Florence did at Margaret River. His full rote air spilt coffee all over the contest site, but in concert with three or four violent slashes and a drawn out turn or two, it may have re-engineered the thinking of how this wave can be surfed.
The first wave of the day came in at a 9.77. If it was the last wave of the day, it would have been a 12.
Parko and Jordy both won their heats yesterday morning and shape up as contenders. Both are probably overdue for wins here, while at this point in time, no one knows what either Toledo or John Florence are capable of. They seem ready to cross into a Fifth Dimension at any given moment. Adriano is the one nobody is talking about and that's nothing new and that suits him just fine.
The key moment in yesterday's women's finals came in the very first quarter…and didn't actually involve any surfing.
From the moment both Courtney Conlogue and Carissa Moore kicked off waves together in the Bells shorebreak, eyeballed each other, and looked at the 250 yards to the take off spot, it was on. The waves had slowed yesterday and priority became more important, so the two girls dropped the clutch and raced each other out the back.
Advantage: Courtney.
There's nobody fitter on either Tour – women's or men's – and she's even been sprint paddle training with coach Luke Egan in the pre-season. Carissa kept Courtney honest, but Courtney won the race and promptly turned straight around a minute later and rode a wave back to the beach again. She wouldn't have blown out a candle. Courtney was a physical presence at Bells and by the end of the day she'd outlasted – and outsurfed – in sequence, Carissa, Tyler, then Steph.
That's some chops.
There's more to Courtney than a one-dimensional power game. Nobody's surfing exists in one dimension and there are overlooked elements in Courtney's surfing that get lost in the feverish rush to stereotype. “I feel I'm very artistic so I'm always changing my lines, but the consistency, I suppose, is power. I love displacing water and pushing through my turns and feeling the wave push back. I think it's assertive, but not aggressive. It's me seeing how much I can feel the wave through my feet. It's like a dance, like Baryshnikov is seamless, but then also explosive off his feet.”
Courtney's power stereotype met Steph's grace and poise stereotype in the final, but in the end, surfing had little to do with the result. With the waves slowing and the tide filling in, the final became more tactical by the minute.
I watched the final from the Bells stairs with Steph's crew, and when Steph paddled for a wave with priority and missed it badly, Zeke Lau turned to coach, Jake Paterson and yelled, “If I did that, you'd be swimming out to scream at me!” Jake replied, “No I wouldn't…I'd wait till you came in and throw you off the cliff!”
Courtney caught the winning wave with that priority.
Steph lost the final yesterday tactically, after heats both here at Bells and at Margarets where she's seemed lost. It made me wonder just how coachable someone like Steph could even be. For starters, she's done everything, and beyond that, her surfing runs purely on feel, which makes it so beautiful to watch but also makes it hard to put in a box.
Still, she leaves Australia leading the ratings, and we have the real chance of a seven-time world champ from a parallel universe to our current seven-time world champ.
Kelly was also watching the women's final from the stairs, drinking a kombucha and contemplating an afternoon round of golf. He was in good spirits and seemed like he'd washed off the other day's loss to Mick as he watched a set roll through and break all the way from back Rincon to the beach with nobody even close to it. “There it is!” He exclaimed. “There's Maurice Cole's wave!” While he was thinking of golf yesterday, he also had his mind on Wednesday's new swell. The contest should finish on a fresh, solid, 19-second pulse, although Kelly won't be part of it. He'll be somewhere else.
“I'll be off getting scared or barelled…or both.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Banco Sabadell:
* SAYS DEPOSITS HAVE GRADUALLY RECOVERED AFTER UNCERTAINTY IN CATALONIA AT BEGINNING OF LAST OCTOBER, WE FORESEE FURTHER IMPROVEMENTS IN THE FUTURE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Madrid Newsroom)
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's senate on Friday asked the constitutional court to ban state funding for the far-right National Democratic Party (NPD), the country's longest-established neo-Nazi group, responding to concerns at growing nationalism in parts of the country.
Scarred by memories of the collapse of democracy in the 1930s amid the rise of Adolf Hitler's Nazis, Germany has some of the strictest laws on political extremism in the world, with rules allowing the banning of anti-democratic parties.
Members of the upper house, which represents Germany's 16 federal states, voted unanimously in favour of an application to the constitutional court to stop the financing.
“Ours is a democracy based on debate, but it must also be defended,” Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, premier of the state of Saarland, told the chamber.
Friday's vote came four months after a national election in which the Alternative for Germany (AfD) became the first far-right party to enter parliament in decades.
Parties that win election to public office in Germany become eligible for generous public financing, designed to fund party organisations and think tanks to raise the quality of policy and public debate.
The NPD's lone member of the European Parliament made the party eligible for around a million euros of public funding in 2016. The party, which sees immigration as a danger to the “survival of the German people in its Central European Lebensraum”, is no longer in any regional parliament.
Germany's security services have repeatedly attempted to ban the party as unconstitutional but have always been thwarted by courts, who on one occasion found that the party was so riddled with undercover agents that it was impossible to tell what was a genuine party decision and what was not.
Christchurch commercial and adventure sports photographer Mark Bridgwater's shot of fellow New Zealander, skier Charlie Lyons flying down the slopes at Temple Basin in Arthur's Pass, was recently included in a Guardian selection of photos curated from entries in the Outdoor Photographer of the Year.
The competition, now in its seventh year, celebrates the work of image makers and offers an insight into the landscapes, wildlife and nature of the planet and the adventures to be found on it.
Bridgwater said: “There are some moments in time when the photography stars align; clouds break in the perfect spot and the sun shines exactly where you are standing. This was one of those moments for Charlie Lyons and myself. While most people were oblivious to the perfection we had found on our mid-week excursion, we were having the time of our lives.”
The overall winner and runner-up will be announced at the Photography Show in Birmingham on 17 March.
Original article by The Guardian, January 23, 2018.
Photo by Mark Bridgwater.
From KEHINDE AKINPELU, Ilorin
The University of Ilorin has rejected the fraud allegation made against its Vice-Chancellor, Prof. AbdulGaniyu Ambali and his predecessor, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, who is now the Registrar of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), describing it as “largely empty merely rehashed to make it
look real.”
Some officers of the South-West Zone of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) had last Wednesday submitted a petition at the Ibadan office of the EFCC in which they accused the two dons of pension fund fraud running into N2.5 billion and called on the anti-graft agency to institute
a probe into the matter.
But reacting to the allegation at the weekend, the management of the University dismissed the petition, saying that those behind it “are enemies of progress who are aghast at the pace of progress and continual giant strides being daily recorded by the University, where transparency, honesty, accountability and due process are the key elements of administration”.
In a press statement issued on behalf of the management, the institution's Head of Corporate Affairs, Mr. Kunle Akogun, said there is nothing new in the allegations contained in the petition, adding that “the same fellows made the same allegations in August this year while shamefacedly kicking against the nationally acknowledged well-merited appointment of Prof. Oloyede as the Registrar of JAMB. And of course, no one took them seriously, as even President Muhammadu Buhari, who is well-known for his
zero tolerance for corruption, is not unaware of the due diligence credentials of the successive administrations of the University of Ilorin”.
Debunking the allegation of fraud in pension fund deductions, Mr. Akogun said, “What the administration of Prof. Oloyede did was what the law and ICPC directed all universities to do: that instead of the 7.5 being hitherto deducted from the basic salary of workers, the deduction ought to have been from the gross emolument”.
He pointed out that it was that clarification that has since guided the University management's action”, adding that the deductions were being credited to the Pension Fund Administrators' (PFA) accounts as and when due till the Government started long ago the deduction from source”.
“It is also fallacious to allege that the University management did not carry the unions along in all these. The truth is that management met with the unions on the new development and all parties agreed that the PFAs should be credited the full 7.5 per cent. It was the initial under-deduction that was spread for payment over a 24-month period. This had since been concluded a couple of years ago”, Mr. Akogun said.
On the charges for the students' PC Tablets and other miscellaneous items, the University spokesman said, “These are statutory charges for extra facilities provided for the academic comfort of our students to make teaching and learning very conducive for them”.
According to Mr. Akogun, “It is on record that the University of Ilorin pioneered the one-student-one-iPad initiative in the country during the 2013/2014 academic session. And this policy has been steadily executed seamlessly since then”.
He however explained that the vagaries of the national economy, which led to the fluctuation of the national currency against the dollar led to the marginal increase in the cost price in the current 2016/2017 academic session, as the PC Tablets are not produced in the country.
He pointed out that “this is also responsible for the slight delay in distributing the equipment to the students”, disclosing that “the University management already has a firm commitment from the supplier to deliver the remaining tranche of the PC Tablets early in the New Year, for onward distribution to the students concerned”.
Describing the petitioners as “disgruntled elements” and “remnants of the notorious 49”, Akogun pointed out that their activities within the last one year had been targeted at disrupting the well-known uninterrupted academic calendar of the University.
He said they have tried all the tricks in the book to infiltrate the students' body and brainwash them to take unconstitutional action against the management, pointing out that the plots have so far failed, “and this probably accounts for the resort to the long-knife tactics of crying wolf, where there is none, just to blackmail the progressive administration of the better by far University”.
While welcoming the submission of the petition, the school management said, “We are certain that the anti-graft agency will duly consign it to where it rightly belongs: the trash can!
So whoever's wearing the set in the meeting room — in this case Masoli — can go over, from a truly first-person vantage point, not only every play he conducted, but also the ones run by the other quarterbacks. For those few moments, he is them.
One hour of VAR time equates to between 90 and 100 reps: triple that when the other two VAR sets arrive. And it's highly portable, so it can be used during practice breaks.
"For the quarterback, it's like he's back in his helmet," Smith says. "We get the film and you use it for traditional teaching. We get the virtual reality film and you're training. The reps that the guys standing there aren't getting, they can get them with it. And the quarterback can hear everything, too; that's been a little underrated.
"Wearing the headset, the quarterback can match his feet to move with the play. If he looks left and doesn't like what he sees, he has to look right and see what's there … and it's exactly the same timing as in the real helmet. You're training your neck muscles, you're training your feet, you're training how it should feel, and you're opening neural paths.
"The other film teaches you, and this one trains you."
The light headwear provides an amazingly clear, and sensory-engulfing, 3D point of view, and Masoli says the quarterbacks have already "brainstormed ideas" of where they can take it next if there's enough time during the season.
One next step is already in place and will come via video game technology: the tendencies and key players of the Ticats' upcoming opponent will be written into a video simulation to mentally practise against. Coaches already do that with chalkboard play diagrams and opposition 'scout' drills on the field, and now the quarterbacks will be able to get even more familiar with pattern and tendency recognition through their virtual head sets.
Case Keenum credited a virtual reality program called STRIVR with his shocking success after unexpectedly assuming the starting role for the NFL's Minnesota Vikings early last year. Over the course of the season, he felt he got more than 2,600 extra reps through the device. Smith argues that his system is more affordable and has better video quality.
"It's been great," says Manziel, who needs extra work to get up to CFL speed. "It's not exactly a live rep but at the same time, to see what the quarterback saw during those live reps, and taking those reps from a mental standpoint is extremely beneficial."
And, concludes Masoli, "It's another reinforcement of what we should be doing in making decisions."
smilton@thespec.com
905-526-3268 | @miltonatthespec
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Suzhou Jinfu Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS MOU TO INVEST ABOUT 1.5 BILLION YUAN ($226.59 million) IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION PROJECT IN WUHAN CITY Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2jiPasG Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
By Ambar Warrick April 5 Most Southeast Asian shares fell on Wednesday as cautious investors kept to the sidelines ahead of a crucial meeting on Thursday between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping. However, Philippines bucked the trend and gained as much as 1.9 percent to hit a 5-month high, helped by a rally in industrials and financials. "The Philippines GDP is growing at about 7 percent and there is a lot of infrastructure spending expected over the next few years," said Joseph Roxas, President at Manila-based Eagle Equities. "Basically, we have all the fundamentals (in place)." BDO Unibank gained as much as 2.7 percent, while conglomerate SM Investments rose as much as 4.1 percent to a record high. The stock was among the biggest gainers on the index, pushing it up by about 26 points. "Wilcon Depot was listed last week after its 7 billion peso IPO which released a lot of money into the market," Roxas added. Asian markets edged higher tracking gains in Chinese shares, though the underlying sentiment was cautious. Other Southeast Asian stocks were down, with Singapore falling as much as 0.7 percent. Financials and industrials were the worst performers, with Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation shedding as much as 1 percent, while ship-builder Keppel Corporation dropped to a one-week low. Malaysia was down as much as 0.3 percent as financials and consumer stocks fell. Malayan Banking shed as much as 0.8 percent while conglomerate Genting Bhd lost as much as 0.9 percent. Indonesia rose as much as 0.34 percent to a record high, before paring gains to trade 0.1 percent lower. Gains in financials and materials were offset by losses in consumer and energy stocks. The index of the region's 45 most liquid stocks touched a 6-month high. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat at 0419 GMT. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: Change as at 0423 GMT Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3162.06 3179.06 -0.53 Bangkok 1584.69 1583.82 0.05 Manila 7577.09 7446.49 1.75 Jakarta 5648.567 5651.823 -0.06 Kuala Lumpur 1742.38 1747.19 -0.28 Ho Chi Minh 723.76 724.14 -0.05 Change so far this year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3162.06 2880.76 9.76 Bangkok 1584.69 1542.94 2.71 Manila 7577.09 6840.64 10.77 Jakarta 5648.567 5296.711 6.64 Kuala Lumpur 1742.38 1641.73 6.13 Ho Chi Minh 723.76 664.87 8.86 (Reporting by Ambar Warrick; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
Tucker Carlson sat down with the father of Otto Warmbier, an American student held captive by North Korea for more than a year.
The interview will air THURSDAY at 8 p.m. ET during Tucker Carlson Tonight on Fox News Channel.
Warmbier was released by the North Koreans last week, however he has reportedly been in a coma for several months.
Warmbier's father, Fred, told Carlson that the North Korean regime are "terrorists."
"They're brutal. There's no sense to anything here," he said. "They've crossed a line with my son, Otto."
Mr. Warmbier said the lessons from Otto's captivity will be for others to decide.
Watch more about Otto's imprisonment in North Korea below.
As FoxNews.com reported.
The family of Otto Warmbier said Wednesday they are "adjusting to a different reality" following their son's return from North Korea, where he was "brutalized" by his captors and held for more than a year in a coma -- the cause of which is still unknown. "Otto is not in great shape right now," his father, Fred Warmbier, told Fox News' Tucker Carlson in an exclusive interview Wednesday afternoon from his Cincinnati home. "Otto has been terrorized and brutalized for 18 months by a pariah regime in North Korea."
The 22-year-old college student was medically evacuated from North Korea and flown to a hospital in his hometown of Cincinnati late Tuesday following a brief flurry of diplomatic activity that involved the highest levels of U.S. government. The elder Warmbier singled out Joseph Yun, the U.S. special envoy on North Korea, as a key player in his son's release as well as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and President Trump.
Watch a preview clip from the exclusive interview above.
NEW YORK — Washington forward T.J. Oshie has been fined $5,000 for cross-checking Pittsburgh defenceman Kris Letang in the neck.
The NHL announced the fine Saturday.
The scuffle along the boards occurred at 19:40 of the second period in the Penguins' 7-4 win Friday night. Oshie was assessed a minor penalty.
By The Associated Press
A yellow weather warning has been issued for Yorkshire as the region braces itself for heavy downpours and thunderstorms.
READ: Teenager charged with drink driving over McDonald's drive-thru golf buggy incident in North Yorkshire
Could Yorkshire be hit by thunder and hail?'Left pic: Andrew Manning
The warning, which is in place between midnight on Thursday, May 31 and 9pm on Friday, June 1, tells resident that thunderstorms in the south will move northwards, with scattered storms across southern, central and and northwesterly parts of the country.
The Met Office, who issued the warning, say up to 30mm of rain could fall in an hour with up to 60mm over the coure of a few hours.
READ: Roger Ratcliffe: Late arrival of smaller birds has had people perplexed
Frequent lightning and large hail are also a possibility.
RICHMOND, Va. – A homicide investigation in now underway after a man was stabbed to death outside of the Southwood Apartments on Richmond's Southside, Crime Insider sources tell Jon Burkett.
Police received a call for a fight in progress Tuesday night in the 1400 block of Clarkson Road.
When officers arrived to the scene, they found an adult male victim suffered from a stab wound to the chest. He was transported to Chippenham hospital with life-threatening injuries.
Crime Insider sources say the victim has died from those injuries. Police have not confirmed that information at this time.
Police don't know what triggered the fight or any information on a possible suspect at this time.
Anyone with information about the shooting was asked to call Crime Stoppers at 804-780-1000.
Anyone with a news tip can submit that information here.
This is a developing story.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
NEW ORLEANS — States from Louisiana to Florida braced Friday for Tropical Storm Nate, forecast to pound the Gulf Coast this weekend as a hurricane.
The National Hurricane Center on Friday upgraded the tropical storm warning for New Orleans to a hurricane warning. It extends from New Orleans to Lake Pontchartrain and Grand Island, Louisiana, eastward to the Alabama-Florida border.
The storm is expected to make landfall around midnight Saturday east of New Orleans, which was devastated 12 years ago by Hurricane Katrina. It would be the third hurricane, after Harvey and Irma, to hit the U.S. mainland in six weeks.
A storm surge warning was put in place from Morgan City to the western part of the Florida Panhandle, as well as along the northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain.
“Residents in these areas should heed any evacuation instructions given by local officials,” the hurricane center said.
Nate killed at least 21 people as it passed Thursday over Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Honduras, where it caused widespread flash flooding and mudslides, officials said.
Over the warm waters of the northwestern Caribbean Sea, Nate was forecast to gain strength as it approaches the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico later Friday and become a hurricane by the time it reaches the northern Gulf Coast, the hurricane center said.
Nate packed maximum sustained winds of 60 mph Friday afternoon and was moving north-northwest at 21 mph, the hurricane center said. It was about 77.5 miles east of Cozumel, a Mexican island near the Yucatan Peninsula.
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu ordered a mandatory evacuation of the Venetian Isles, Lake Catherine and Irish Bayou areas of the city after having already declared a state of emergency Thursday.
“We remain focused on vulnerabilities in Venetian Isles, Lake Catherine and Irish Bayou because these areas are outside of the levee system, and because one of the greatest threats to this storm is not necessarily interior rain, but storm surge. It is a serious concern to us,” Landrieu said Friday “The projections are that we could see six to nine feet of surge.”
He said residents must evacuate by 12 p.m. (1 p.m. ET) Saturday, when the nearby flood gates will be closed. The New Orleans Fire Department and Neighborhood Engagement Office will be conducting outreach through Saturday to coordinate the evacuation effort, he added.
With the majority of the storm's impact and storm surge expected to occur overnight, Landrieu also announced a mandatory curfew will take effect Saturday at 6 p.m. and end Sunday morning. In preparation for overnight flooding, he said the city's police department will put up barricades and close underpasses once the curfew is in effect.
“If we all stay informed, if we all stay alert, if we all stay prepared, ultimately, we will all be safe, which is our No. 1 priority,” Landrieu said.
Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency for all of Louisiana. The storm will “make landfall in the close vicinity of New Orleans,” the proclamation noted, adding that six parishes have declared emergencies and others would do so soon.
New Orleans, much of which lies below sea level, was gearing up for a hit, and Landrieu urged people who live “outside the city's levee protection system or in low-lying area” to seek higher ground.
Residents have been wary since the city's unique drainage system experienced critical deficiencies during heavy summer rainstorms, leading to the flooding of several hundred properties.
Of the city's 120 main drainage pumps, three major and nine smaller ones were offline Thursday night, city records show. Also, all 24 major pump stations had backup generators, records show, as only three of five turbines that help power the city's oldest, most powerful pumps were available for service, a city water utility spokeswoman told CNN.
“Residents who live inside the levee system should prepare to take shelter with essential supplies including food, water and medications,” the mayor said Thursday.
Edwards authorized 1,300 National Guard troops to mobilize ahead of the storm, with some headed to New Orleans to help monitor the pumps, he said.
Nate would be the first hurricane to hit Louisiana since Hurricane Isaac in 2012 as a Category 1 storm.
“It will still be fairly strong when it makes landfall, but it will be a quicker moving storm than the last few we have had,” CNN meteorologist Haley Brink said. “It's supposed to be in and out pretty quickly.”
TRACK TROPICAL STORM NATE
The storm could drop 3 to 6 inches of rain, with 12 inches possible in some areas, from the central Gulf Coast north through Tennessee and the southern Appalachians through the weekend, possibly spawning flash floods, the hurricane center said.
The last hurricane to hit the Louisiana-Mississippi-Alabama region in October was Hurricane Lili in 2002. The last time three hurricanes hit the mainland in the same year was 2008, when Dolly, Gustav and Ike came through.
Hurricane, tropical storm and storm surge watches were issued late Friday from Florida's border with Alabama east as far as Indian Pass, the hurricane center said.
With parts of Florida still reeling from Hurricane Irma, Gov. Rick Scott has declared a state of emergency for 29 counties.
“Based on the latest forecast from the National Hurricane Center, (Tropical Storm Nate) will continue in the Gulf of Mexico and we expect it to become a hurricane and bring severe weather to the Florida panhandle this weekend,” Scott said Friday. “To be clear, Florida is now in the cone.”
He told residents to anticipate evacuation zones, warning that bridges will close once wind speeds get to 30-40 miles per hour and people won't be able to evacuate.
“In Florida, we know to prepare for the worst while hoping for the best, but we don't take any chances,” Scott said, urging people to get their medications and have three days of food and water. “Please stock up on supplies today, the storm is … fast-moving.”
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant said in a news conference that Tropical Storm Nate is “moving in this direction” but that the state was well-prepared.
Bryant said he had signed an emergency order for a state of emergency in six southern counties.
Mississippi Emergency Management Agency director Lee Smithson said residents should “ride out the storm in the safest place possible” and listen to any evacuation orders.
“We can see a storm surge of up to 10 feet, tornadoes, inland flooding and flooding of low-lying areas. This storm will impact the entire Mississippi Gulf Coast,” he said.
Smithson said people needed to prepare for 80 mile per hour winds, “widespread power outages and be prepared to be on your own for 72 hours with no electricity, no running water, no stores open for food.”
In Alabama, a statewide emergency declaration signed by Gov. Kay Ivey went into effect Friday morning. The move “frees up personnel and resources in case there is a need to respond to any storm related activity.”
Mayor Sandy Stimpson of Mobile, Alabama, warned residents Friday about storm surge.
“We encourage citizens in low-lying areas to pay special attention to newscasts,” he said at a news conference. “There is a projected 4- to 7-(foot) storm surge. It will happen to coincide with high tide, which will give you additional water levels.”
Mobile officials were checking storm drains for debris, taking measures to avert power outages and deploying critical equipment. Shelters were prepared to open, if necessary, Stimpson said.
“Don't wait 'til Saturday after dark to decide what you have to do in case things with the storm change,” he said.
Deadly storm slams Central America
Of the 21 dead in Nate's passage through Central America, 11 died in Nicaragua, eight in Costa Rica and two in Honduras, officials said. Several people also were reported missing after the storm hit.
Hundreds were rescued from floodwaters, and many lost power and running water in Nicaragua, Honduras and Costa Rica, officials said.
The main threat for Central America was heavy rainfall, which triggered life-threatening flash flooding and mudslides.
Costa Rica President Luis Guillermo Solis declared a national state of emergency to assist those affected by the storm.
Rain will continue to fall through Friday night in parts of Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Belize, with “life-threatening flash flooding and mud slides possible,” forecasters said.
Janet Jackson is setting the record straight.
The iconic singer says she will not perform with Justin Timberlake during his Super Bowl LII halftime show on Sunday, despite ongoing fan speculation.
“To put to rest any speculation or rumors as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow: I will not,” Jackson said in a statement to PEOPLE.
She added, “Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon.”
The news comes on the same day that Jackson's family members told the New York Post that they still hadn't forgiven the “Filthy” singer, 37, for the infamous wardrobe malfunction during their 2004 Super Bowl performance.
The Jackson family patriarch, Joseph Jackson, told outlet that the only way for Timberlake to truly make amends was to invite the “Rhythm Nation” singer, 51, onstage with him.
“If he's such a gentleman, he'd make sure Janet is there,” he said.
Another unidentified family member told the outlet, “Justin's solo career took off after that and Janet was blackballed. He says they are good, but let's see him prove it and bring her out.”
Janet Jackson and Justin Timberlake at the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show in 2004 Frank Micelotta/Getty
The infamous incident happened when the duo performed rendition of his hit “Rock Your Body.” Timberlake went to remove Jackson's corset and accidentally tore off her bra, exposing her breast to a national audience.
RELATED: Justin Timberlake Shuts Down Janet Jackson Reunion Rumors at Super Bowl LII Press Conference
The performance sparked outcry from family groups and was dubbed “Nipplegate.” Both artists issued apologies, although that didn't prevent the Federal Communication Commission from charging CBS — who broadcast the game that year — with a $550,000 fine.
Justin Timberlake at the Pepsi Super Bowl LII Halftime Show Press Conference Christopher Polk/Getty
When Timberlake was announced as the performer for this year's halftime show, Jackson began trending with the #JusticeForJanet hashtag.
Timberlake opened up about the incident in January, claiming the two singers have made amends.
“I stumbled through it, to be quite honest,” he said in a radio interview. “I had my wires crossed and it's just something that you have to look back on and go like, ‘Okay, well you know, you can't change what's happened but you can move forward and learn from it.'”
RELATED VIDEO: Justin Timberlake Will Headline the Super Bowl Halftime Show — Watch His Video Announcement
Timberlake also seemingly shut down rumors that Jackson would make a cameo during his Super Bowl halftime show when he told reporters at a press conference in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on Thursday that he wouldn't be sharing the stage with any special guests.
“To be honest, I had a ton of grand ideas about special guests. There's a whole list. I think Vegas has a lot of odds on it, from ‘NSYNC to Jay [JAY-Z] to Chris Stapleton to Janet,” he said, before adding that he wanted to shine the spotlight on his trusty longtime band, the Tennessee Kids, instead. “I feel like they're my special guests and I'm excited to rock the stage.”
This is Timberlake's third time performing at the Super Bowl. He and 'NSYNC joined a star-studded lineup at the 2001 championship game alongside Aerosmith, Britney Spears, Mary J. Blige and Nelly.
Super Bowl LII will be played Sunday, Feb. 4 at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota and will air live on NBC.
× Did you own a ‘Phat' PS3? You could be owed $65 – but you have to claim it soon…
If you owned a Playstation 3 after it was unveiled nearly 12 years ago, you could be owed $65.
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console – or the ‘phat' PS3 – was heavy and bulky and had the ability to install an alternative operating system. When a smaller model was released, that operating system functionality was removed due to security concerns.
A class action lawsuit was then filed until a settlement was reached in 2016. That settlement allows owners of the larger PS3 console to claim $65.
Those claims must be filed by April 15. Those who plan to file a claim must have purchased the console from an “authorized retailer” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number.
The offer is limited to 20GB, 40GB, 60GB and 80GB models.
For the claim form, click here.
For more on this story, click here.
Irish Water has confirmed a nationwide hosepipe ban will come into effect from Friday morning.
The restriction will be in effect until the end of July, but the water utility says it will be kept under review and potentially extended.
Anyone found in breach of the restriction could face a €125 fine or potential prosecution.
A ban has already been in place for Dublin since Monday.
Here are some simple things that you can do outside to help #ConserveWater. For more on how to conserve water at home and at work, see https://t.co/BWj7NTeK1N. pic.twitter.com/WpsiUa8bSR — Irish Water (@IrishWater) July 4, 2018
The ban covers actions such as watering gardens or filling pools with a hose.
Irish Water's Kate Gannon explained: “Imposing a national Water Conservation Order (hosepipe ban) reflects the serious need for water conservation now and over the coming months. It is essential that our water supply resources are conserved to help avoid further restrictions and outages over the coming weeks and months.
“Irish Water is mindful of the impact that a Water Conservation Order might have on businesses and the tourist industry and for that reason the prohibition is mainly limited to domestic users but does include commercial premises for non-commercial activities e.g. watering gardens attached to a business premises."
The latest water restriction comes amid ongoing drought conditions in the country, with Met Éireann forecasting that dry and warm conditions will continue well into next week.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — The second Zumwalt-class stealth destroyer has passed its sea test.
A statement from Naval Sea Systems Command says the future USS Michael Monsoor successfully completed its acceptance trials Thursday.
The Portland Press Herald reports the statement says onboard systems such as navigation, damage control, mechanical, combat, communication and propulsion met or exceeded specifications.
The 610-foot-long Monsoor headed out to sea for the first time in December. Its first sea trials were cut short because of equipment failures.
Advertisement
The Monsoor is the second built at Maine's Bath Iron Works in a class of three futuristic-looking ships that feature electric-drive propulsion, new radar and sonar, powerful guns and missiles and a stealthy shape.
The cost of the three Zumwalt-class destroyers is estimated at $22 billion, the most expensive Navy destroyers ever built.
___
Information from: Portland Press Herald, http://www.pressherald.com
Canadian expert says his analytics company helped Trump campaign capitalize on private Facebook info
Canadian whistleblower Christopher Wylie is at the centre of an international scandal that allegedly helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically from private Facebook information. (The Canadian Press)
The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says his office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying he helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
READ MORE: Canadian internet users looking more beyond Google and Facebook, report says
In a statement today, Therrien says his office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
Therrien says his ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired data-analytics company Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
“Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns,” Therrien said in the statement.
“Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps.”
The Canadian Press
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
The Irish living abroad have always loved buying products from home at exceptionally high prices.
Forking out a tenner for a slab of Kerrygold isn't unheard of and Irish shops around the world have made a comfortable living setting up in places like Australia and the US.
One shop in Vancouver, Canada, (located in British Columbia) obviously has excellent taste in crisps and they stock possibly the most Irish product of them all, Tayto.
However someone decided that having the Union Jack on display so close to the iconic Irish product wasn't good enough, and so they were removed.
What's actually the craziest part of this story is that people are paying $2.49 for a packet of the good stuff in Canada.
Madness.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MBABANE – In European football, Thursday nights are reserved for the less glamorous UEFA Europa Cup – the poor man's Champions League.
But on local shores, for relegation threatened Red Lions, the titanic clash against MTN League champions Mbabane Swallows on Thursday night will be a matter of life and death.
Kickoff time is 6:30pm.
Lying precariously second from the bottom, having accumulated 15 points with three games remaining, Red Lions know a win over the ‘Beautiful Birds', who are yet to lose a league game this season in 17 outings, will ease their relegation worries. The Manzini side, if they cause an upset, will also jump one place to 10th position, two points ahead of Highlanders and level on points with Tambuti FC who lost 0-1 to Manzini Wanderers yesterday.
A loss or a draw, however, against Swallows will still leave them in the relegation cesspool with three games to play.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
April 2 Tesla Inc:
* Tesla Q1 2017 vehicle production and deliveries
* delivered just over 25,000 vehicles in Q1, of which approx 13,450 were model s and approx 11,550 were model X
* in addition to Q1 deliveries, about 4,650 vehicles were in transit to customers at end of quarter
* Q1 production totaled 25,418 vehicles Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* VODAFONE AND LIBERTY GLOBAL ARE IN TALKS ABOUT SWAPPING PARTS OF THEIR TELECOMS AND CABLE EMPIRES IN EUROPE - FT, CITING SOURCES Source text - on.ft.com/2DZLg0M Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
(Adds analyst comments, closing prices)
By Mark Weinraub
WASHINGTON, March 31 U.S. farmers plan to seed a record amount of soybean acreage this spring, even with supplies trending near all-time highs, but wheat seedings will fall to the lowest on record, the government said on Friday.
Growers will dial back their corn seedings this spring despite signs of firm demand as record stocks have cast a bearish tone over the futures and cash markets this year, threatening profitability for farmers.
The U.S. Agriculture Department said in its prospective plantings report that U.S. soybean plantings were expected at 89.482 million acres. If realized, that would top last year's soybean acreage of 83.433 million, which is the biggest to date.
Corn plantings were seen falling 4.3 percent to 89.996 million acres.
Chicago Board of Trade soybean futures fell sharply after the report was released and the May contract closed at $9.46 per bushel, after hitting its lowest level since Aug. 4. Corn futures dipped briefly before moving back into positive territory and closing up 6-3/4 cents at $3.64-1/4 per bushel, after reaching their highest level since March 20.
"It is a bearish report for beans on all sides, the stocks are higher and the switch away from corn was bigger than anyone figured," said Jack Scoville, analyst at the Price Futures Group.
Analysts had expected the report to forecast soybean seedings of 88.214 million acres and corn seedings of 90.969 million, based on an average of estimates in a Reuters poll.
Wheat seedings were seen at 46.059 million acres, down from 50.154 million and the lowest on record. The average of analysts' forecasts was 46.139 million wheat acres.
"This is the continuation of a long-term trend that I do not see reversing in the near future," said Todd Hubbs, an assistant professor of agricultural commodity markets at the University of Illinois.
Wheat futures ended Friday slightly higher with the May CBOT contract up 5-1/2 cents at $4.26-1/2 per bushel. Wheat prices are so low currently that many farmers are struggling to break even on the crop.
On the supply front, USDA said domestic soybean stocks as of March 1 stood at 1.735 billion bushels, the second-biggest on record and the largest March 1 reading since 1.787 billion bushels in 2007. A year ago, soybean stocks were 1.531 billion bushels.
Corn stocks as of March 1 were a record 8.616 billion bushels, topping the 8.248 billion bushels reported in March 1987. A year ago, corn stocks were 7.822 billion bushels.
USDA said users burned through a record 3.770 billion bushels of corn from Dec. 1 to March 1. The soybean drawdown during that time was 1.164 billion bushels, the third-biggest ever but lower than 2015 and 2016.
Wheat stocks stood at 1.655 billion bushels, the biggest since 1988. The bearish supply picture pushed wheat futures to two-month lows.
Analysts, on average, had expected soybean stocks of 1.684 billion bushels, corn stocks of 8.534 billion bushels and wheat stocks of 1.627 billion bushels. (Additional reporting by Michael Hirtzer in Chicago; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Matthew Lewis)
OTTAWA, April 6 Canada's top defense procurement official, in charge of a hotly contested effort to find new fighter jets, is taking a leave of absence for personal reasons, a government statement said on Thursday.
Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote will be away until further notice, Ottawa said. Her duties will be performed by Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr, who is also staying in his current job.
In 2014, Foote announced she was fighting breast cancer for the second time.
Foote, 64, unveiled plans last year to buy 18 Boeing Corp Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure while Ottawa prepares an open five-year competition to buy new jets.
Canada's Liberal government opted for the Boeing jets despite being a member of a consortium that helped fund development of Lockheed Martin Corp's F-35 stealth fighter, which has been hit by repeated delays. Lockheed said it was disappointed by the decision. (Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Dan Grebler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
When it was announced almost two years ago a documentary was in the works that would attempt to tell the story of the late Andy Irons (1978-2010), many in the surf world were skeptical of just how honest the film would be in depicting Andy's conflicted character. The first sentence on the film's website--now called “Andy Irons: Kissed by God-- addresses two of Irons' struggles head-on; “A film about bipolar disorder and opioid addiction as seen through the life of three-time world champion surfer Andy Irons.” Between that brutally honest line, the fact that the filmmaker looked to private financing to avoid any industry influence, and, now, the trailer, “Andy Irons: Kissed by God” is looking like it's going to be an emotional, raw and unfiltered dive deep into Irons' character, as well as a powerful reminder of the frenetic energy Irons brought to surfing and life.
For more details about the film's release and ticketing click here.
World Premiere
Los Angeles
Regency Village Theatre
May 2, 2018
Doors open at 6:30pm
Hawaii Premiere
Honolulu
May 6, 2018
Hawaii Theatre Center
Doors open at 6:30
The NYC Premiere
New York City
NYU Skirball
May 10, 2018
Doors open at 7:00pm
You don't have to be a sneakerhead to think sneakers are the greatest footwear genre and to thank the universe every day that it's now socially acceptable to wear them whenever you want. Okay, so maybe you are a sneakerhead.
To further enable your obsession, here are six of our very favorite sneakers so you can finally retire that pair of Vans that're definitely starting to smell. ​
Baabuk's handmade shoes are the perfect year-round wool sneaker. Each pair is crafted from a single piece of felted wool, meaning no seams and year-round temperature regulation for the ultimate in sockless comfort. We imagine it's what your feet would feel like if they were being swaddled by a supportive cloud.
These sneaks are chock-full of cutting edge materials like Ariaprene synthetic uppers and their signature Float-Lite outsole tech. And, since they're made by Tevas (yes, that Tevas), you know they're comfy and ready for any trail.
The NMD R1 'OG' sneakers from Adidas were one of the most popular sneakers last year. And when you see them in the wild? Shit damn they look good. (Also shit damn they're pricey.)
You know who you are and you know what you like: Steely Dan, Yelp reviews, and beige sneakers that'll offset your short-sleeve tropical print button down perfectly.
As in, when the weather's so hot that you'd rather not be wearing anything at all, these very comfortable, very breathable shoes make sure that your feet are feeling fresh.
Once you buy this shoe, you're probably going to wear it everyday. This mid-cut design from SeaVees is a new type of slip on that captures quintessential surf style —modern, simple and comfortable, dude.
If you buy something through our posts, we may receive a small share of the sale. Please buy a Ferrari. For more of Digg's suggestions on how to spend your money, check out Digg Picks.​
It's two more years until Zuma Nesta Rock receives his letter from Hogwarts, but he's already prepared.
The middle son of Gwen Stefani and ex-husband Gavin Rossdale turns 9 on Aug. 21, but was treated to a wizardly celebration over the weekend in honor of his big day.
On her Instagram stories Sunday, The Voice coach shared multiple photos and videos of the elaborate party decor, which included Hogwarts house banners and balloons in coordinating colors, life-size cutouts of characters from the films, a potion-themed candy bar, a replica of Platform 9¾ and much more.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED VIDEO: Gwen Stefani's “Top Priority Is Making Sure Her Kids Feel Secure” in “Amicable” Gavin Rossdale Split: Source
For dessert? A multi-tier cake decorated with the Deathly Hallows symbol and Hogwarts crest, topped with — what else? — the Sorting Hat.
Meticulous attention was paid to the details of the party, from fonts to the Hogwarts motto, to making sure balloons reflected the exact colors of each Hogwarts house and the strung-up letters bore the Dursleys' address.
RELATED GALLERY: The Coolest Celebrity Kid Birthday Cakes
While dogs aren't on the list of pets students can bring to Hogwarts (an owl, cat or toad), Zuma's big brother Kingston James McGregor, 11, went against the grain and cuddled an adorable pup while holding onto a magic wand.
“Zuma!” Stefani, 47, can be heard calling out at one point to the birthday boy — who is busy looking around excitedly during his party.
FROM PEN: Check Out the Menu and 6-Tier Cake From Countess Luann's New Years Wedding
RELATED: Gwen Stefani Spends Adorable Easter Morning with Her Sons
The magical gathering comes a year after the “Hollaback Girl” singer brought Zuma on stage at a concert in Austin, Texas, where her audience serenaded him for his 8th birthday.
“Would you guys sing ‘Happy Birthday' with us?” Stefani asked the crowd, who happily obliged before Zuma blew out the candles on a cake Kingston held. (The boys' younger brother Apollo Bowie Flynn, now 3, joined in the song too!)
Brielle Biermann may be in the middle of a bitter online battle with NeNe Leakes, but that didn't stop her from taking advantage of the Los Angeles nightlife on Thursday.
The 20-year-old reality star stepped out with her baseball player boyfriend Michael Kopech for dinner at Hollywood hotspot Nobu while on her press tour for season 6 of Don't Be Tardy (premiering Friday).
Both were snapped leaving the famed restaurant, Biermann wearing a skinny black jean, a matching top and a satin tan and grey stripped duster jacket. She accessorized her look with a bright red backpack and pink ruffle pumps.
Kopech, a 21-year-old pitcher for the Chicago White Sox, wore black jeans, a long-sleeve gray top shirt and a backwards black baseball cap.
Hours earlier, Biermann and her mother Kim Zolciak-Biermann were both involved in a heated exchanged online with Real Housewives of Atlanta star Leakes — who alleged that both are racists after video surfaced of Biermann mocking the cleanliness of Leakes' home.
In the clip, allegedly taken in July during a white party event at Leakes' house filmed for the upcoming season of RHOA, Biermann zooms in on a black bug that appears to be an ant before turning the camera on her face, sticking her tongue out in disgust.
While not caught on camera, Biermann appeared to have claimed Leakes' home was infested with cockroaches, which only upset Leakes more.
A post shared by NeNe Leakes (@neneleakes) on Oct 5, 2017 at 3:19pm PDT
“@briellebiermann We don't have roaches!” Leakes wrote on Instagram, captioning the video. “If you found 1, u brought it with u or it fell outta yo funky p—-! Please know I will get You all the way together when you start f—— with me and mine!”
She then compared the blonde reality star to Kylie Jenner.
“Go somewhere and let the air outta those fake lips, fake titties and fake ass because you will never be @kylejenner Yo trashy mama should have taught you better! My home is Brand New but you guys were so jealous of it, you couldn't even give a compliment. You had to stoop so low and be so disgusting #racisttrash.”
In in the comments of a separate Instagram account, Leakes called both Biermann and Zolciak-Biermann “racists.”
“Kim & her daughter oops whole family are racists! What her daughter did at my home, (which she nor kim were invited to so be clear abt that as well) was pure disgusting, racist, learned behavior etc,” Leakes wrote, adding, “children are NOT off limits when you allow your child to talk to adults any kind of way, post disrespectful things on social media and so on. Kim is a calculating bio polar racist with a horrible mouth, who uses black folks for her come up.”
Biermann defended herself on Instagram, responding to a fan in the comments of her own post.
“I'm not calling BLACK people roaches! I found a roach in NENEs home! not calling her a roach dumb f—. doesn't matter if you're black, white, hispanic, asian etc you can still have roaches in ur house if u don't f—ing clean ur s—!!! #callorkinpls,” the eldest Biermann child wrote.
Zolciak-Biermann, 39, eventually joined in — telling her side of the story to defend her daughter and assuring that RHOA viewers will soon see the bug incident play out on the upcoming 10th season of the hit Bravo reality show.
“First off that video is a combination of 2 videos! I COMBINED THEM! Brielle posted the first video on snap unaware of the large bug in front of her when she was kneeling down .. until her DM's blew up! She removed the video immediately!! I was filming as an INVITED guest at @neneleakes for RHOA!! Brielle was invited as well!” the mother of six wrote on Instagram.
“Brielle went to the bathroom and saw several bugs and had sent ME the video on snap and NO ONE ELSE!!! We ARE filming a show, remember that, (RHOA) and Nene released this video herself! No one has EVER seen this video but RHOA! Nobody would have ever seen this video! Nene has said and done some things that are absolutely disgusting, however I will take the high road as you will see it on the show soon enough, but you WILL NOT make it seem as though my daughter did ANYTHING wrong! She never posted this video nor would she! As you see here I myself was not willing to send the video just for ratings for RHOA. END OF STORY,” Zolciak-Biermann concluded.
Leakes then responded to Zolciak-Biermann's post with another statement of her own, claiming that she had sent the video to RHOA costars Cynthia Bailey, Shereé Whitfield, Porsha Williams, Kandi Burruss and Marlo Hampton while the women were filming in Spain.
“Now she has the nerve to make a pitty post! No one from Kim's household was invited to my white party. Kim came as Sheree's plus 1. She is a huge lier,” Leakes wrote.
Music always being a part of her life, Pamela Hute formed The Mashed Potatoes before creating her own solo project in 2006. Hute draws influences from artists like Sleeper, Elastica and Breeders. Releases include Turtle Tales From Overseas (2010), Bandit (2013) and the recently-released EP Today. Hute has an interest in the business side of the industry as well as the DIY scene; she created her own record label, My Dear Recordings. She is also an avid vintage guitar collector and vinyl aficionado.
MAKE & MODEL
1972 Fender Mustang
WHAT IT MEANS TO YOU
“I already had an old Mustang from 1965, which is absolutely stunning, but I was looking for a spare guitar for the stage and came across this one. It's very different to play. More density in the sound, too. The neck is pretty short, which is ideal for my little hands! It's the one and only guitar I play live now and it never lets me down. Also, it's a very simple guitar; you don't have too many options as far as mic positions are concerned which is something I love. You can focus on how you play rather than focusing on ‘how you could sound if you pushed that button.'”
WHAT IT SOUNDS LIKE
“It's warm, yet pretty biting. For rhythmic parts, which is all I do, it crunches really well and finds its place in the mix of the band flawlessly. Playing live, I almost only play with the bridge pickup on, like a Fender Bronco.”
LISTEN NOW at pamelahute.com and follow on Twitter @pamelahute
Got a favorite instrument or piece of gear you'd like to share? Email us at [email protected].
Photo by Richard Boutin
NIAGARA – A Niagara Regional Police officer was arrested with another man after an investigation into a drug trafficking operation in Niagara and Stoney Creek.
The investigation began in May and focused on the trafficking of steroids and other narcotics, including cocaine, marihuana and prescription medication.
On Friday, Oct. 6, the investigation concluded with the arrest of the two men.
Const. Mark Taks, of Stoney Creek, has been charged with conspiracy to traffic schedule I substances (cocaine, Adderall and codeine), conspiracy to traffic schedule II substances (Marihuana), conspiracy to traffic schedule IV substances (Steroids and Xanax), trafficking a schedule IV substance (Xanax), possession of cocaine for the purpose of trafficking, possession of marihuana for the purpose of trafficking, possession of MDMA, possession of Adderall and fail to comply with recognizance.
The alleged offences occurred while the officer was off duty.
Mohammed Awija, 25, of Ottawa, has been charged with conspiracy to traffic schedule I substances (cocaine, Adderall and codeine), conspiracy to traffic schedule II substances (Marihuana), conspiracy to traffic schedule IV substances (Steroids and Xanax), possession of marihuana for the purpose of trafficking and possession of MDMA for the purpose of trafficking.
In a news release, NRP chief Bryan MacCulloch said he maintains his commitment to being accountable and transparent to not only the public but members of the NRPS as well.
"When these allegations first surfaced, our detectives immediately launched a thorough and exhaustive investigation," he said. "Our officers work tirelessly to maintain the trust of the public and when that is shaken, we are all impacted. The vast majority of our officers are dedicated to public safety; when one of our own in any way violates the public trust, it will not be tolerated. It is important to note, no one is above the law and all of our members are accountable for their actions at all times."
Const. Taks has been a police officer with the NRPS for two years, and at the time of the alleged offences had been assigned to administrative duties.
In accordance with the Police Services Act of Ontario, Const. Taks has been suspended with pay.
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
Markets say 'ciao' to Italy fears as stocks recover losses The Associated Press Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
NEW YORK (AP) — Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before. Investors reversed course as they hoped Italy would be able to avoid a new round of elections after all.
Financial companies rallied as bond yields turned higher and energy companies rose along with U.S. crude oil, which busted out of a five-day losing streak. The shift came after Carlo Cottarelli, nominated to be Italy's next prime minister, said there were "new possibilities" to form a government.
Stocks had plunged the previous day as investors expected gridlock to be resolved with new elections that could have turned into a yes-or-no referendum deciding whether Italy would continue to use the euro.
JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist for TD Ameritrade, said the market often reacts irregularly to political events like the uncertainty in Italy or tensions between the U.S. and North Korea: stocks often fall fast and then recover in quick fashion. That process can sometimes repeat itself weeks or months later.
"If there's no follow-up news, they tend to come back near where they started," he said. "I wouldn't count on it being done for the summer."
The S&P 500 index jumped 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45.
While the S&P 500 and Nasdaq recovered Tuesday's losses and then some, smaller and more U.S.-focused companies did ever better as investors continued to worry about trade. Small companies finished with minor losses Tuesday, and on Wednesday they made even bigger gains than larger multinationals did. The Russell 2000 index surged 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, and closed at a record high of 1,647.99.
The Chinese government criticized the U.S., which had renewed a threat to raise duties on some imports from China. At the same time, officials from the U.S. and European Union held talks on the tariffs the Trump administration has proposed on European steel and aluminum. European Union negotiations seemed pessimistic and said they expected the U.S. to announce a final decision Thursday.
China and the EU have both said they will react to new tariffs imposed by the U.S. with duties of their own, which has raised the prospect of greater tensions and the possibility of trade wars. Kinahan, of TD Ameritrade, said investors feel smaller companies are less vulnerable.
Multinational companies have had a rough ride lately as investors reacted to trade tensions by shifting money into smaller and more U.S.-focused companies.
"Much of their business is done domestically, so the tariffs shouldn't affect them as badly," he said. "But even if the tariffs don't happen, many of those stocks are performing well."
Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
The euro rose to $1.1648 from $1.1531, which was its lowest level in almost a year. The dollar rose to 108.85 yen from 108.24 yen.
Germany's DAX climbed 0.9 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.7 percent. The CAC 40 in France lost 0.2 percent.
Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent from 2.79 percent. Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered about half of their losses from Tuesday. When rates rise, banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans.
Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 2.2 percent to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London.
Exxon Mobil rose 3.9 percent to $81.50. that was its biggest one-day gain since September 2016.
Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in five days following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon. Those countries cut production at the start of 2017, which helped take U.S. crude from about $50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than $70 this month. They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year, but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans.
Investors also reacted to more earnings from retailers. Dick's Sporting Goods soared 25.8 percent to $38.35 after it raised its annual profit forecast. Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales. Its decision to stop selling assault rifles and cease selling guns to people under 21 didn't appear to affect its business.
Clothing company Chico's FAS plunged 18.2 percent to $8.17 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 11.4 percent to $60.41 following a disappointing forecast for the year.
Gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,301.50 an ounce. Silver added 1 percent to $16.54 an ounce. Copper gained 0.2 percent to $3.07 a pound.
Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LIVERPOOL, England Romelu Lukaku and Ross Barkley showed their central importance to Everton's rise towards the top six in the Premier League in the 4-2 win over Leicester City on Sunday but their contract situations remain a concern for manager Ronald Koeman.
Belgian forward Lukaku, the league's top scorer, scored twice to take his tally to 23 this season and he has now scored in the Toffees' last seven home games, which have all ended in victory.
It was Barkley who helped Lukaku bring Everton level at 2-2 in the 23rd minute with a brilliant cross from the right flank which the striker confidently headed home.
That highlighted the contribution the pair have made to the progress of Koeman's team, who currently lie seventh in the table, but the Dutch coach found himself having to talk about contracts as much as goals and assists.
Barkley's contract runs out at the end of next season and he has yet to put pen to paper on a new deal.
"We offer him a new contract and then there are two possibilities. One is sign that contract (but) if he doesn't sign the contract, then we need to sell the player. It is simple," Koeman told reporters.
There was a different tone taken by the Dutchman, however, when asked about Lukaku, who has rejected a deal to extend his contract beyond 2019 and is reported to be interested in testing his position in the market at the end of this campaign.
"Everyone knows he is a key player for Everton and we will try to do everything to keep Rom at Everton but always the final decision is by the player," Koeman said.
"Of course we talk a lot about Ross and Rom because they are really important...they can be the difference between us and the opponents, like today. I thought they played really well.
"We know Rom is a great finisher. Ross played really well in between the lines...you want to see your best players performing like they showed this afternoon.
"They were outstanding but the whole team was outstanding. You need this kind of players on the top level because they make difference and that is what we like."
(Editing by Ian Chadband)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
Kourtney Kardashian is not holding back on this week's episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
In an exclusive sneak peek at Sunday's episode, Kardashian, 38, sits down with momager Kris Jenner after having returned from her wild birthday vacation to Mexico in April — but the conversation takes an intense turn when her ex Scott Disick is brought up.
“It was really, really the best four days of my life,” she gushes of the extravagant girls trip.
“I don't think you should actually put on social media that you got so sick that you threw up and then went to sleep in it,” chides Jenner, 61.
“Why? It was so funny,” Kardashian says. “I feel like on social media lately everyone takes themselves so seriously, and I'm over it.”
Kardashian then asks about how Disick, 34, was doing while she was away.
“I think he was jealous,” Jenner admits. “Because you were having fun, spending time with other people.”
“Well, that's really not fair,” Kardashian fires back. “It's just like, I can't even live my life. I can't even go anywhere. He needs to get a f—ing life and leave me alone.”
“All he does is try to make everybody else feel bad for him and try to make me look like the bad guy in the situation when clearly I'm not, from 10 years of this going on,” she adds.
Jenner points out that Kardashian might be “sad” if Disick, with whom she shares three children, truly left her alone.
“You always want what you can't have,” warns Jenner. “And when somebody is right there giving you their heart on a platter…”
“He's not!” Kardashian interrupts. “If he was, that [would be] one thing. He's not. Mom, that's what he makes it seem to you, to Kim, to Khloé, to the world, to everybody. He sits there and grovels and feels bad for himself.”
“If that's his truth, why can't he get it together?” she continues. “I have to handle it when he's out photographed with a different hooker every day.”
RELATED VIDEO: Inside Kourtney Kardashian's Wild Birthday Celebration — ‘I May or May Not Have Thrown Up Four Times'
Kardashian and Disick were together for nine years before she officially ended things in 2015. They share son Mason, 7, daughter Penelope, 4, and son Reign, 2.
In the two and a half years since, Disick has regularly been spotted cozying up to different women in Los Angeles, New York City and abroad — most recently with 19-year-old Sofia Richie, whom a source recently told PEOPLE is calling Disick her “boyfriend.”
Kardashian, meanwhile, has been dating 24-year-old Younes Bendjima — and in the KUWTK 10th anniversary special (which aired last month but was taped in April), she indicated that she and Disick aren't likely to reconcile.
“I guess we're co-parenting our kids and just trying to get along,” she said. “He's family. But I mean, we're definitely psychotic.”
“The debauchery that's gone on has definitely closed the door several billion times,” she added. “He [behaves] for a time period, he can't be consistent.”
“Here's the thing,” Disick said. “Every time I become too good of a person, she stops loving me, because she fell in love with a person who was a little bit f—ed up. I treat you like royalty, you don't say hello to me. I spit in your face, you're like, ‘Hey babe.' ”
“That's not true,” she insisted.
Disick also denied dating other people — with a wink, of course.
But according to Kardashian, she's okay with that: “It's not dating,” she said. “It's just like, you know …”
Keeping Up with the Kardashians airs Sundays (9 p.m. ET) on E!
April 10 Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp -
* Announced pro-forma capitalization giving effect to previously announced definitive agreement with one of its senior lenders
* Pro-forma capitalization also gives effect to previously announced memorandum of agreement to purchase Korean Vessel
* Assuming completion of the 2 transactions, co's pro-forma total capitalization is estimated to be $279.4 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
On May 1 opponents of the Venezuelan government once again filled the streets of Caracas, following a month of demonstrations against President Nicolas Maduro in which 29 people were killed and hundreds detained.
In a new gambit to delay elections and defuse the protests, Maduro on Monday proposed a 500-person assembly chosen by groups of workers, students and others to rewrite the country's constitution. The opposition denounced this move as unconstitutional, and called Venezuelans to the streets to protest.
But protests alone won't lead to peace for this divided and suffering country. Other countries need to pressure moderates from the government and the opposition to negotiate a solution to the crisis that has left millions of Venezuelans with too little food and medicine, and a power struggle between the legislature and the Supreme Court.
Venezuela is facing the legacy of 18 years of revolutionary change introduced by Hugo Chávez. In the 2000s, the Chávez government distributed the profits from record-high oil prices to the poor, but failed to invest in the national petroleum company and, after confiscating many private businesses, resorted to importing most of the country's food.
In the years following Chávez's 2013 death, oil prices slid, dropping to as low as $25 per barrel in early 2016. The Maduro government refused to loosen its control of foreign currency and open up the economy, leading to shortages of food and medicine, a severe recession, and hyper-inflation currently estimated at 700 percent.
It responded to its falling popularity by postponing governors' elections, jailing opposition leaders, and arming pro-government gangs to intimidate protestors. The largest protests erupted in April, after the Supreme Court dissolved the authority of the opposition-controlled legislature and the government disqualified a leading opposition candidate from running in next year's presidential election.
The current crisis could end in three ways. First, the protesters now in the streets may grow tired and return home, international attention may fade, and the government could continue to lead while waiting for oil prices to rise, allowing it to make its next bond payments in November. During that time the government would likely continue to delay elections and suppress dissent. This has happened twice before in the last three years.
Second, the sporadic violence that now occurs between government-armed gangs and the youths who oppose them could spiral out of control, producing more bloodshed and chaos.
Third, and ideally, moderates on both sides could negotiate to restore constitutional rule and checks and balances, end the food and medicine shortage, and start the long path to national recovery through elections and compromise.
For this third scenario to be possible, however, Venezuela must overcome two traps.
The “exit cost trap” exists because some elected government officials are reluctant to hold elections because if they lose, they and their collaborators could be indicted for criminal activity, including drug trafficking, corruption or human rights abuses. Those already on the U.S. sanctions list for such offenses and many others are likely to keep a tight grip on power unless they know that they won't be prosecuted in Venezuela or extradited for trial to the United States.
The “polarization trap” comes from the division between supporters and opponents of the government, a schism that has existed since 2001. The two groups distrust each other and so far have been unwilling to engage in any kind of conversation about resolving Venezuela's problems. Moderates in the middle who attempt to compromise or negotiate a solution to the crisis are considered sell-outs or traitors by the extremes. And many in the opposition feel burned by previous internationally-led talks between opposition parties and the government that seemed to buy time for the government without producing results.
Venezuela can escape the “exit cost trap” with a form of transitional justice usually applied after civil wars or during transitions from authoritarian to democratic governments. It involves measures like those in the recent Colombian peace agreement, where the government offered reduced sentences to the guerrillas in exchange for them providing financial compensation, turning over their weapons, taking responsibility for their crimes and committing to not resume the war.
Venezuela could escape the “polarization trap” with the help of the international community.
Neighboring countries in South America could help Venezuelans overcome their skepticism of negotiation by setting time limits for the government to accept medical and food aid, fix dates for internationally-monitored local and national elections, release political prisoners, restore the legislature's power and stop arming civilian militias and repressing peaceful protestors. International development banks could suspend multilateral loans until the Organization of American States determines the Maduro administration is putting democracy back on track.
To be sure, bringing the two sides together to negotiate a way out of the crisis will not be easy. The Maduro government controls the media, judiciary, electoral council, state oil company, security forces and armed civilian militias. It has received financial support from China and Russia, and diplomatic support from countries like Bolivia and Nicaragua, which have benefitted from its oil diplomacy. It may believe it can continue to intimidate protestors and hold out until the situation improves enough for it to win elections.
Its opposition has in the past been weak and divided, racked with internal rivalries and ambitions that have prevented it from agreeing on conditions for negotiations. But moderate voices are now beginning to call for compromise rather than all-out victory over the government.
The Maduro administration can't afford to wait. It faces severe international debt obligations, a loss of popular confidence and the risk that members of its own inner circle could defect.
Negotiations are the key to Venezuela's future. The alternatives are far worse.
Europe's top tech hubs tend to radiate from massive capital cities like London, Berlin and Paris. But the heart of European innovation isn't a major metropolis –it's a small city in the Dutch-speaking region of Flanders. That's the conclusion of Reuters' second annual ranking of Europe's Most Innovative Universities, a list that identifies and ranks the educational institutions doing the most to advance science, invent new technologies, and help drive the global economy.
The most innovative university in Europe, for the second year running, is Belgium's KU Leuven. This nearly 600-year-old institution was founded by Pope Martin V, but today it's better known for technology than theology: KU Leuven maintains one of the largest independent research and development organizations on the planet. In fiscal 2015, the university's research spending exceeded €454 million, and its patent portfolio currently includes 586 active families, each one representing an invention protected in multiple countries.
How does a relatively small Catholic university out-innovate bigger, better-known institutions across Europe? KU Leuven earned its first-place rank, in part, by producing a high volume of influential inventions. Its researchers submit more patents than most other universities on the continent, and outside researchers frequently cite KU Leuven inventions in their own patent applications. Those are key criteria in Reuters ranking of Europe's Most Innovative Universities, which was compiled in partnership with Clarivate Analytics, and is based on proprietary data and analysis of indicators including patent filings and research paper citations.
The second most innovative university in Europe is Imperial College London, an institution whose researchers have been responsible for the discovery of penicillin, the development of holography and the invention of fiber optics. The third-place University of Cambridge has been associated with 91 Nobel Laureates during its 800-year history. And the fourth-place Technical University of Munich has spun off more than 800 companies since 1990, including a variety of high-tech startups in industries including renewable energy, semiconductors and nanotechnology.
Overall, the same countries that dominate European business and politics dominate the ranking of Europe's Most Innovative Universities. German universities account for 23 of the 100 institutions on the list, more than any other country, and the United Kingdom comes in second, tied with France, each with 17 institutions. But those three countries are also among the most populous and richest countries on the continent. Control for those factors, and it turns out that countries with much smaller populations and modest economies often outperform big ones.
The Republic of Ireland has only three schools on the entire list, but with a population of less than 5 million people, it can boast more top 100 innovative universities per capita than any other country in Europe. On the same per capita basis, the second most innovative country on the list is Denmark, followed by Belgium, Switzerland and the Netherlands. Germany, the United Kingdom and France rank in the middle of the pack, an indication that they may be underperforming compared with their smaller neighbors: On a per capita basis, none of those countries has half as many top 100 universities than Ireland.
And the same trends hold true if you look at national economies. According to the International Monetary Fund, in 2016 Germany's gross domestic product exceeded $3.49 trillion –11 times larger than Ireland at $307 billion, yet Germany has only 7 times as many top 100 innovative universities.
Some countries underperform even more drastically. Russia is Europe's most populous country and has the region's fifth largest economy, yet none of its universities count among the top 100. Other notable absences include any universities from Ukraine or Romania–a fact that reveals another divide between Western and Eastern Europe.
To compile the ranking of Europe's most innovative universities, Clarivate Analytics (formerly the Intellectual Property & Science business of Thomson Reuters) began by identifying more than 600 global organizations that published the most articles in academic journals, including educational institutions, nonprofit charities, and government-funded institutions. That list was reduced to institutions that filed at least 50 patents with the World Intellectual Property Organization in the period between 2010 and 2015. Then they evaluated each candidate on 10 different metrics, focusing on academic papers (which indicate basic research) and patent filings (which point to an institution's ability to apply research and commercialize its discoveries). Finally, they trimmed the list so that it only included European universities, and then ranked them based on their performance.
This is the second consecutive year that Clarivate and Reuters have collaborated to rank Europe's Most Innovative Universities, and three universities that ranked in the top 100 in 2016 fell off the list entirely: the Netherland's Eindhoven University of Technology, Germany's University of Kiel, and the UK's Queen's University University Belfast. All three universities filed fewer than 50 patents during the period examined for the ranking, and thus were eliminated from consideration. They've been replaced by three new entrants to the top 100: the University of Glasgow (#54), the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis (#94), and the Autonomous University of Madrid (#100).
The returning universities that made the biggest moves on the list were the Netherland's Leiden University (up 21 spots to #17) and Germany's Technical University of Berlin (up 21 spots to #41). Belgium's Université Libre of Brussels (down 17 to #38) and the UK's University of Leeds (down 17 to #73) made the biggest moves in the opposite direction. Generally, though, the list remained largely stable: Nine of the top ten schools of 2016 remained in the top 10 for 2017, and 17 of the top 20. This stability is understandable because something as large as university paper output and patent performance is unlikely to change quickly.
Of course, the relative ranking of any university does not provide a complete picture of whether its researchers are doing important, innovative work. Since the ranking measures innovation on an institutional level, it may overlook particularly innovative departments or programs: a university might rank low for overall innovation but still operate one of the world's most innovative computer science laboratories, for instance. And it's important to remember that whether a university ranks at the top or the bottom of the list, it's still within the top 100 on the continent: All of these universities produce original research, create useful technology and stimulate the global economy.
(Editing by Arlyn Gajilan and Alessandra Rafferty)
WASHINGTON — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after he was wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with his name and No. 3 on the back. He threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound.
Scalise, Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice. Zack Barth and Matt Mika, the other shooting victims, were honoured after the pitch.
Tomi Lahren: I'm So Sick of Celebs, Elitists Looking Down on Gun Owners
Authorities Looking for 'Mystery Woman' Seen With Las Vegas Gunman
In his opening monologue tonight, Sean Hannity called out the left for immediately pushing for gun control following the Las Vegas massacre, and he said it's time for the country to come together.
"Democrats, celebrities, liberals in the mainstream media, they continue to politicize this tragedy," Hannity said. "Beyond shameful. Because this is not what America is all about."
He said what America is actually all about was exemplified just an hour before Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest festival, as the crowd sang "God Bless America" along with country stars Big & Rich.
He said those people weren't singing in unison as Republicans or Democrats, liberals or conservatives, but as Americans.
"It didn't matter to the shooter who they voted for. He wasn't asking for ID cards. He wanted dead Americans, he wanted to shatter lives," Hannity said.
He said people should learn from those concert attendees, and he said that starts with respecting our country, flag, military and first responders.
He people can also learn from the Las Vegas victim who stood for the president and first lady at the hospital even though he was shot it the leg, because he "wanted to show them respect."
"He wasn't playing politics. He was focused on healing and unity," Hannity said. "And those that continue to divide this country, they should listen to the stories of just some of the heroes from the Vegas shooting."
"Maybe the lesson from Vegas and this tragedy will be that this country needs to come together."
Dana Loesch: Monsters Exist and Millions of Americans Want to Protect Themselves
Nancy Sinatra: 'Murderous Members of NRA Should Face Firing Squad'
Las Vegas Attack Victim Who Stood for Trumps: 'I Just Wanted to Show Them Respect'
'You'll Find Out': Trump Again Teases About a 'Calm Before the Storm'
March 29 Delta Air Lines Inc:
* Delta and Korean Air to expand partnership
* Delta Air Lines - reached agreement with expanded trans-pacific network that will increase travel choices and boost competition between U.S. and Asia
* Says Delta will be launching new nonstop service between Atlanta and Seoul in June 2017
* Delta Air Lines - Korean Air to continue to expand its U.S.-Korea network in summer 2017 with introduction of third roundtrip between Los Angeles,Seoul Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
The New Hampton City Council last week gave the go-ahead to Precision of New Hampton to begin work on a project that will create more office space at the west-side Industrial Park manufacturer.
But the agenda item sparked discussion about New Hampton's rules that required businesses to receive permission to begin work on projects before development agreements have received final approval.
“I just don't understand if they're going to do this anyway,” Councilman Bruce Diiro said, “why they come to us?”
New Hampton Economic Development Director Tammy Robinson explained that city rules on tax-increment financing are more stringent than state laws. Basically, the city tells businesses that they must receive City Council approval if they plan on working on a project before the final development agreement is approved.
— For more on this story see the April 24 New Hampton Tribune.
Gateway Casinos in talks for C$500 mln Vancouver sale-leaseback deal
TORONTO, June 14 Canadian gaming company Gateway Casinos & Entertainment Ltd is in talks with Asia and North America investors for a sale-lease-back agreement for up to three Vancouver properties worth over C$500 million ($378 million), top company executives told Reuters.
(Repeats story moved on Tuesday without change to text)
* Hollande first postwar president not to seek re-election
* His Socialists in disarray as candidate 5th in polls
* Defections to centrist Macron may presage party split
By John Irish
PARIS, March 28 Francois Hollande's election as president in 2012 was supposed to herald a new dawn for French socialism after 17 years of right-wing rule, but by June his party could be struggling to survive.
Weeks before the start of an election to pick France's next president, the ruling bloc is in tatters. Socialist Party (PS) nominee Benoit Hamon is floundering after adopting a hard-left programme that alienated more moderate colleagues.
Polls put Hamon in a humiliating fifth place, behind the independent leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon whose charisma and similarly radical programme have overshadowed Hamon's message.
Party grandees, meanwhile, are jumping ship to back independent centrist Emmanuel Macron, Hollande's former economy minister who is now favourite to win the presidency.
Macron is more palatable to party moderates who see Hamon's policies as outdated and resent his refusal to defend the president's legacy.
"The future is very uncertain. The Socialist party must negotiate its transformation for its survival," said Adelaide Zulfikarpasic of pollster BVA.
The potential implosion of the Socialist party weakens France's two-party system that has been in place for 30 years and has prevented the far right from increasing its power in presidential and legislative elections.
Like in Britain, it also risks leaving the main left-wing party in opposition for years as it takes a radical turn, reinforcing an anti-European side on the left.
If Macron were to fail, it would be unclear what would happen to the centre-left at a time when France's traditional centre-right is increasingly radicalised and could also be in disarray should its candidate, Francois Fillon, also fail to reach the May 7 run-off.
In 2002, outgoing Socialist prime minister Lionel Jospin was beaten to the presidential runoff by then far-right leader Jean-Marie Le Pen. The party potentially faces an even bloodier defeat this time.
Their disarray reflects the wider struggle of Europe's left where leaders in Italy and Germany have fallen on their swords and the British Labour Party is riven by infighting.
Some French Socialist lawmakers say in private that their aim now is to limit the damage in the presidential vote so as to build a foundation for the legislative elections in June.
A vote above 10 percent for Hamon could help save seats, creating a platform for a say in a Macron parliamentary majority, but some kind of party split looks likely.
"I think that after the elections, the Socialists will implode into the 'reformed Socialists' who could be part of a governing majority and the 'status quo Socialists'," a minister in the current government told Reuters.
This split has its roots in Hollande's five years in power, when he moved away from pro-worker election pledges to launch business-friendly reforms. Their failure to spur the economy emboldened rebels such as Hamon and further alienated voters.
Stinging defeats in local elections followed, and party membership has almost halved since 2012.
As a result, and despite having a majority in both parliamentary houses, Hollande became the first postwar French president not to seek re-election.
STABBED IN THE BACK
"I respect Benoit Hamon's logic, which has always existed on the Left - a utopian project - but it's clear that implementing such a project does not correspond to reality and a capacity to act," said Defence Minister Jean Yves-Le Drian, a Socialist party heavyweight, who last week backed Macron.
Some 50 other Socialist lawmakers have turned to Macron's newly-formed En Marche! (Onwards!) movement, defections that Hamon calls a "betrayal".
Meanwhile, former prime minister Manuel Valls, who lost to Hamon in the primaries and is seen as waiting in the wings to pick up the pieces after the presidential race, has been scathing about the former education minister. Hamon signed a motion of no-confidence against Valls' government last year.
"Those who join Emmanuel Macron, and are stabbing me in the back, are not those who gave me life ... Those are the 2 million voters," Hamon told France 2 television on Sunday, referring to the turnout for the January Socialist primaries.
"Anyway I would never have governed with them."
Macron's momentum ahead of the April-May vote will be key for how the Socialists shape up in the coming years. His movement says it bridges France's left-right divide, and although the race remains tight and voters unsure, polls show that Macron should easily beat National Front leader Marine Le Pen - daughter of Jean-Marie - in the run-off.
"If this central scenario materialises, there will be less reason for parties to stick together," said Eurasia analyst Charles Lichfield.
"This is especially likely on the left, as the PS is likely to do very badly. Expressing some proximity to Macron may be a way for 100-150 PS members of parliament to save their seats."
Even uniting the left into opposition will be hard, given that Melenchon offers a clean break from the tarnished Socialists.
The one-time Trotskyist and former teacher who quit the party in 2008 has sucked away the hard left vote with calls to fight the rich and powerful, asking PS supporters: "In these conditions, without a project or electoral advantage, what is the point of a Socialist candidate?"
(Additional reporting by Marine Pennetier and Emile Picy; Editing by Andrew Callus and Robin Pomeroy)
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Portuguese championship matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 CD Tondela 0 Porto 1 Pacos de Ferreira 2 CD Aves 2 Braga 2 Portimonense 1 Saturday, August 12 Belenenses 1 Maritimo 0 Boavista 1 Rio Ave 2 Moreirense 0 CD Feirense 0 Friday, August 11 Sporting 1 Vitoria Setubal 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Porto 2 2 0 0 5 0 6 ------------------------- 2 Sporting 2 2 0 0 3 0 6 ------------------------- 3 Rio Ave 2 2 0 0 3 1 6 4 Benfica 1 1 0 0 3 1 3 ------------------------- 5 Vitoria Guimaraes 1 1 0 0 3 2 3 ------------------------- 6 Portimonense 2 1 0 1 3 3 3 7 Belenenses 2 1 0 1 1 1 3 7 Maritimo 2 1 0 1 1 1 3 9 Braga 2 1 0 1 3 4 3 10 CD Feirense 2 0 2 0 1 1 2 10 Moreirense 2 0 2 0 1 1 2 12 Pacos de Ferreira 2 0 1 1 2 3 1 13 CD Tondela 2 0 1 1 1 2 1 13 Vitoria Setubal 2 0 1 1 1 2 1 15 CD Aves 2 0 1 1 2 4 1 16 GD Chaves 1 0 0 1 2 3 0 ------------------------- 17 Boavista 2 0 0 2 2 4 0 18 Estoril 1 0 0 1 0 4 0 1: Champions League / EC I 2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup 17-18: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, August 14 Estoril v Vitoria Guimaraes (1800) GD Chaves v Benfica (2000)
* Rand recovers some losses in volatile trade
* Forward markets show no chance of interest rate cut
* Central bank's policy announcement at 1300 GMT (Adds the latest prices, analyst comments ahead of rates decision)
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 South Africa's rand and bonds recouped losses on Thursday in volatile trade over jitters of the finance minister's sacking, while markets slashed bets of an interest rate cut on the rising political uncertainty in Africa's most industrialised economy.
At 1130 GMT the rand had gained 1.02 percent to 12.8900 per dollar. The currency had weakened more than 5 percent since Monday after President Jacob Zuma ordered Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan to abandon an investor roadshow in Britain and return home "immediately".
The rand rose to a session high of 12.82 after Reuters exclusively reported that Zuma is considering offering to step down next year, at least 12 months before his term as South African president ends.
Bonds reached their firmest since Monday, with the yield on benchmark paper due in 2026 falling 12 basis points to 8.595 percent.
Currency broker at Capilis Asset Management Giacomo Bonavera said the rand would react more sharply to bad news than good news, and that big moves would also be determined by technical levels.
"Traders are using technical levels to gauge where the market will go, and 13.75 looks like a level they might target, which is about 10 percent weaker than where the rand was when the news (of Gordhan's recall) hit," Bonavera said.
Bonavera said 10 percent was roughly the same size move that preceded a rand recovery following Zuma's unexplained decision to fire then finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in December 2015.
Interest rate markets also reacted to the political upheaval, with forward rate markets now pricing in a less than zero percent chance of a 25 basis point cut to lending rates at the South African Reserve Bank's policy announcement at 1300 GMT.
"The short end of the market is pricing in a smaller chance of a cut as opposed to where it was last week, and that's because of all the political uncertainty," said fixed income specialist at Rand Merchant Bank Michelle Wohlberg.
Inflation slowed to 6.3 percent in February from 6.6 percent the previous month, while the current account deficit narrowed to near a six-year low, giving policymakers room to consider a rate cut to buoy the ailing economy. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
March 31 U.S. Auto Parts Network Inc:
* U.S. Auto Parts Network Inc - resigned ceo Shane Evangelist will serve as a consultant to co through May 1, 2017
* U.S. Auto Parts Network Inc - on March 30, 2017 board approved a decrease in size of board by one director, from nine to eight directors Source text:(bit.ly/2nm6DfP) Further company coverage:
The plaque of the Deutsche Boerse AG is pictured at the entrance of the Frankfurt stock exchange February 1, 2012. REUTERS/Alex Domanski/File Photo
A woman walks past the London Stock Exchange building in the City of London, Britain, January 16 , 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
BRUSSELS EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager will hold a news conference on Wednesday, where she is expected to announce that she is blocking the proposed merger of Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE.L).
Vestager's news conference will start at 11 a.m CET (0900 GMT), the EU executive said in a statement on Tuesday, without providing further details.
Last week, sources told Reuters that Vestager would on Wednesday lay out the case for stopping the fifth attempt by the two companies to create Europe's biggest exchange.
The British government is also due to start launch its procedure for leaving the European Union on Wednesday.
Last month, LSE set the stage for a negative decision by the EU competition enforcer when it rejected a demand to sell its MTS Italian trading platform.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
ITHACA, N.Y. — Matt Morgan scored 17 of his 28 points in the final 8 1/2 minutes and Joel Davis hit two free throws with 25 seconds left to help Cornell beat Dartmouth 86-85 on Friday night.
Davis finished with 16 points. Stone Gettings had 20 points, five rebounds and five assists, while Steven Julian added nine points and 10 rebounds for Cornell (8-10, 2-3 Ivy League).
Taylor Johnson made two free throws to give Dartmouth an 84-79 lead with a minute left. Morgan hit a jumper and, after Will Emery made 1 of 2 free throws on the other end, added a 3-pointer that pulled Cornell within one with 33 seconds to go. Davis made a steal, was fouled and hit two free throws eight seconds later to put the Big Red up 86-85. Johnson missed a jumper with four seconds to go and Cornell's Terrance McBride grabbed the rebound to seal it.
Johnson led Dartmouth (4-14, 0-5) with 25 points, Miles Wright scored 18 and Ian Sistare had a career-high 15 points. Wright now has 1,006 career points.
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
* Swisscom cuts costs as roaming fees decline
* Italian Fastweb growth continues
* Telecom Italia JV advances despite probe - CEO (Adds shares, detail about Italian probe)
ZURICH, May 3 Swisscom AG posted a 2.5 percent rise in first-quarter net profit on Wednesday that beat analysts' expectations, as the state-controlled telecommunications company cut costs at home to help offset falling revenue.
Swisscom, which left its full-year forecast unchanged, is working to reduce costs by 300 million Swiss francs ($303 million) a year by 2020 as it grapples with challenges in its core Swiss business that include falling fixed line subscribers, roaming reductions and a drop in corporate business.
However, the firm is expanding in Italy as its Fastweb telecoms network operator adds customers.
Net profit rose to 373 million francs, Swisscom said in a statement, more than the average estimate of 355 million francs given in a Reuters poll of analysts. Sales slipped 1.9 percent to 2.83 billion francs.
"We earned a solid result in the first quarter, and we did this under continuing heavy pressure and in a difficult environment," Chief Executive Urs Schaeppi said.
He said the firm aims to offset price pressures in the remaining months of 2017 with promotions including "inOne" bundled products that he expects to boost sales.
The shares rose 1.6 percent at 0930 GMT, trimming Swisscom's fall this year to 2.6 percent.
Fastweb's revenue rose 3 percent to 453 million euros ($494.95 million), as subscribers to its Italian broadband business rose 7 percent to 2.4 million.
Swisscom said its outlook for the full year was unchanged and that is still expected net revenue of 11.6 billion francs, an operating profit of around 4.2 billion francs and capital expenditure of 2.4 billion that includes expanding its broadband network.
The company plans to pay an unchanged dividend of 22 francs per share for 2017.
Swisscom has cut its Swiss workforce by 680 jobs to 18,280 compared with a year ago and another 400 jobs are due to go by year's end, some through accelerated retirements.
'FASTWEB PROBE'
Meanwhile the Italian antitrust authority is investigating a joint venture set up last year by Fastweb and rival Telecom Italia to speed up the roll-out of an ultrafast broadband network in 29 cities.
Swisscom said on Wednesday it was confident that the partnership was legitimate and its work was continuing despite the investigation.
"We believe we have a solid case," Schaeppi told reporters. "This is a standard procedure," he said of the scrutiny by competition regulators. ($1 = 0.9152 euros) ($1 = 0.9916 Swiss francs) (Reporting by John Miller; Editing by Edmund Blair, Greg Mahlich)
The New York Post apologized early on Sunday hours after its app was apparently hacked with what was reported to be alerts about President Donald Trump.
"The push alert system for our mobile app was compromised this evening. Please accept our apologies," the newspaper said on Twitter several hours after the alerts went out.
The tabloid newspaper did not provide details of the alerts from its app, but screen grabs posted online by Twitter users included an alert reading "Heil President Donald Trump!" among a series that ran on Saturday, which was April Fool's Day.
Other posts were more cryptic, vague or seemingly religious in nature, with the final one reading "with Lucid Love, Selah," according to media reports and screen shots posted on Twitter.
The Post is owned by News Corp.
(Reporting by Chris Michaud; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Baby Leland of Ridgefield Park has spent his eight, short months of life struggling to breathe and baffling doctors as to his condition.
He stopped breathing completely more than 15 times sometimes for nearly a minute during hospitalized testing, terrifying his parents Dan and Erin Reeves each and every time.
And still, Leland, born a premie, continues to smile through it all -- blissfully unaware of how different his life should be. In fact, his dad says he's is taking everything better than the rest of the family.
More than $2,000 had been raised for Baby Leland on a GoFundMe as of Wednesday morning.
Doctors only recently were able to conclude through months of testing that Leland has severe reflux but does not throw up. Instead, he aspirates everything into his lungs -- even what he's eating.
Leland is not getting worse, but he's not improving. Extended stays in the hospital, doctors appointments and the costs associated with treatment have financially drained the emotionally-depleted family.
The options are either more medication or surgical procedure that would wrap Leland's stomach around his esophagus so he can't throw up. The surgery worries his father, who is comforted solely by the possibility that his baby will soon outgrow his condition.
"We're sleeping with one eye open," said Reeves, a local youth football and wrestling coach. "We're constantly checking to make sure he's still breathing.
"But he's gaining weight and perfectly happy -- always smiling. You can never tell he's miserable or in pain. He's taking it the best out of all of us."
To donate or read more of Leland's story, CLICK HERE.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Our columnist takes a look at the new breed of foxes invading the countryside, and the havoc both they and the badgers are causing.
There's a scene in one of Richmal Crompton's ‘Just William' stories in which William, hearing that the evacuees from town are to get a jam tea, disguises himself as one of them.
To improve his chances, he affects complete ignorance of country life – ‘Wot's cows, Mum?' – which goes down very well until the kind lady suggests they all go out and sit on the grass, when he overplays his hand. ‘Wot's grass, Mum?' attracts her suspicion and leads to his unmasking.
‘Wot's hens, Mum?' is not a question I would have expected the local foxes to ask, yet our neighbour up the hill has had fox trouble of a novel sort: young bravos who wander around in broad daylight and take the bantams in the farmyard from right under her nose.
The local view is that they're urban foxes taken from town and randomly dumped in the countryside. People don't bother them in the least. They seem used to people and, far from being sly and quick as their country cousins are, they're unashamedly cocky, even aggressive. Last week, she found one chewing on a lamb and it growled at her.
They're not like William's evacuees: they're the terrible Connolly children from Put Out More Flags, whose behaviour is so appalling that Basil Seal turns the mere threat of billeting them on rural families into a source of income.
“As children, we read stories in which Badger was a tweedy old gent of antiquarian tendencies, who kept a library and handed out marbles and sweets to young animals. These days he'd probably fail his DBS check”
They're like the ‘cuckoos' of provincial nightmare, vicious drug dealers from the big cities who move in on vulnerable addicts in country towns and use their digs as dens to deal from, before vanishing back to the big smoke. Dealers, like foxes, like a den.
The urban foxes, however, will not be returning to town. Our neighbour has taken to trapping them and dumping them a few miles away – driving them, in effect, from one tasty barnyard to another. It's a kind of foxy Uber. Basil Seal would have a field day.
I wish badgers would spend more time in town. I chased a young one out of the chicken run the other night and nailed up more boards and wire next morning to keep him out – he's more of a pest than the fox.
As children, we read stories in which Badger was a tweedy old gent of antiquarian tendencies, who kept a library and handed out marbles and sweets to young animals.
These days he'd probably fail his DBS check, but Alison Utley's ‘Little Grey Rabbit' stories, The Wind in the Willows and Trufflehunter from the ‘Narnia' series were written when badgers were rare and, being rare, lived solitary lives.
They were rare because farmers shot them on sight. Badgers eventually became so rare that the Earl of Arran, who also championed the decriminalisation of homosexuality, sponsored a Bill for their protection in the House of Lords in 1968.
It was said at the time that he wanted one Bill to stop people badgering buggers and another to stop buggering badgers. When asked why the one bill succeeded, but the other failed, he famously replied that there weren't many badgers in the Lords.
Protection finally came in the 1990s, since when it has emerged that badgers, given a chance, prefer to live hugger-mugger in sprawling setts, sallying forth in packs to predate on small animals, ground-nesting birds and bees, frogs and snails, adding hens if they can get them. The hedgehog population has, consequently, collapsed.
I can admire a fox, but badgers are all claw, jaw and sharp teeth. Only one author has perfectly captured the combination of brute strength and low habits that makes Tommy Brock such an objectionable neighbour – and Beatrix Potter wasn't soft on foxes, either.
Ever wanted to kick some verbal ass like Kellyanne Conway always seems to do?
Well, there's a method to her madness.
Class, take note…
Most news anchors–as noted above–give up on a line of questioning and move on to the next question due to time constraints.
And it's Kellyanne who leaves the interviewers scratching their heads wondering what just happened.
Not with Matt Lauer, however. He actually flustered HER.
Seems the Today show host has been doing his homework, as usual!
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
MERIDIAN, Idaho — Many homeowners have dogs for protection, but an Idaho man's unusual pet proved to be just as effective when fending off a burglar.
Adam Pearl walked into his home on Tuesday and quickly realized something was wrong, KIVI-TV reports.
“I came in the front door and I saw snow prints out in the front driveway going to the back of the house so I thought something was awry because no one usually goes through the yard,” Pearl said.
Pearl's pet squirrel, Joey, greeted him at the door. Pearl then noticed several doors were open inside the home and realized someone had been trying to get into his gun safe.
“And I started looking at it and saw the scratches that are around the locking area. At that point I knew somebody was definitely in here messing around,” Pearl said.
Pearl called police and an officer responded to the home. The officer returned a few hours later with some of Pearl's stolen belongings and some surprising news.
While the officer was questioning the suspect, she noticed he had scratches on his hands.
“She asked him ‘Did you get that from the squirrel?' and he says, ‘Yeah damn thing kept attacking me and wouldn't stop until I left,'” Pearl said.
Joey is being hailed as a hero, and he was rewarded with his favorite treat — Whoppers malted milk balls.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tottenham are reportedly monitoring striker Anthony Martial's situation at Manchester United.
Daily Mirror claims that Spurs are aware that the 21-year-old is not happy with the lack of playing time under manager Jose Mourinho and they are prepared to offer him an exit in the summer.
The France international arrived at United for an initial fee of £36 million from Monaco in the summer of 2015. He made an immediate impact in Premier League and finished his debut season in England with 17 goals in 49 appearances in all competitions.
However, he slipped down the pecking order under manager Jose Mourinho following the summer arrival of Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Martial was also forced to hand over his number 9 jersey to the Swedish striker in the summer.
Martial has managed only ten league starts this season and recent speculation has suggested that his time at United might be coming to an end.
Spurs unsuccessfully attempted to sign him before he moved to United in 2015 and they would definitely be leading the line of suitors if he does become available in the summer.
Get upto £200 in free matched bets with bet365 - Click here to find out more
German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers a speech at the Business 20 dialogue event in Berlin, Germany, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
German Chancellor Angela Merkel holds a final declaration of the Business 20 dialogue event with Eric Schweitzer President of DIHK, Dieter Kempf, Federation of German Industries (BDI), B20 Chairman Juergen Heraeus and Ingo Kramer from Confederation of German Employers (BDA) and other participants in Berlin, Germany, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers a speech at the Business 20 dialogue event in Berlin, Germany, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN Preparing a meeting of the Group of 20 economic powers is like "herding cats", German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday as her officials try to reach consensus among the group ahead of a leaders' summit she will host in July.
The G20 was a crucial forum for tackling the global financial crisis that took hold in 2008, but forging consensus has proven harder this year as the group must deal with a shift towards more protectionism under U.S. President Donald Trump.
"We are 20 different countries, with 20 different political systems, with 20 different development levels. Everything must be unanimously approved," said Merkel, who will host world leaders at the July 7-8 G20 summit in Hamburg.
"This is no simple task," she told a G20-sponsored meeting of business leaders in Berlin. "The sherpa process, as you could imagine, is quite a challenge. It is like herding cats."
The Hamburg G20 summit is taking on increased significance as Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin plan to hold their first face-to-face meeting on the sidelines of the meeting.
Ministerial meetings in the build-up to the summit have proven tricky.
At a meeting in March, G20 finance ministers and central bank governors dropped a pledge to keep global trade free and open, acquiescing to a protectionist United States after a two-day meeting failed to yield a compromise.
Merkel rejected protectionism in her speech on Wednesday, arguing that an increasingly interconnected world meant countries must work more closely together.
"The existence of the G20 means that isolation and protectionism are dead-ends and not ways forward," she said.
"Anyone who tries to withdraw from international competition, can perhaps deliver short-term advantages. But over the medium- and long-term, their own capacity to innovate will be weakened."
Trump campaigned for the U.S. presidency on an "America First" platform. His protectionist rhetoric and disputes about the benefits of free trade are likely to rank high on the agenda of the G20 summit in Hamburg.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr and Paul Carrel; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
April 23 Chuck Wielgus, executive director of USA Swimming for nearly two decades, died on Sunday in Colorado Springs of complications from colon cancer, the organization announced. He was 67.
Wielgus joined USA Swimming as executive director in 1997 and presided over a successful period in which the nation's elite swimmers dominated international competition.
There were 156 podium performances by American swimmers in five Olympics during the tenure of Wielgus, including 16 gold medals at the 2016 Rio Games. No other nation won more than three golds in Rio.
“This is an extremely sad day, as we lost... one of the finest men I have ever had the pleasure to work alongside,” said Jim Sheehan, chair of the USA Swimming board of directors.
U.S. Olympic Committee CEO Scott Blackmun also paid tribute to Wielgus.
“During his tenure at USA Swimming, American swimmers enjoyed more success and more support than ever before. He had a passion for his work and cared deeply about sport. Chuck fought a long and hard battle with amazing grace and optimism, and will be missed." (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Clare Fallon)
April 12 Csl Ltd-
* Has become aware that Shire Viropharma has filed a complaint in us district court for district of delaware
* CSL remains highly confident that csl830 does not infringe any valid claim of shire viropharma patent and will vigorously defend against claims
* Complaint alleging infringement of a newly granted us patent in connection with a method of treating hereditary angioedema Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Whether you want to hike, sun on the beach, or sip wine (or all three) Travel + Leisure magazine recommends taking note before planning your trip to New Zealand.
“New Zealand is a dream destination,” G. S. McClure writes for the publication. “From the crystal waters of the Abel Tasman, to the expanse of Northland's Ninety Mile Beach, to the mountains surrounding Queenstown – the country knows no shortage of breathtaking scenery. Visitors can experience the best of it by hiking, lazing at the beach, or soaking up views from a vineyard with a glass of local pinot noir in hand. With flight durations from the West Coast [of the United States] around 13 hours long, this trip does require a bit of planning.
“Travellers should be aware no matter when or where they're going, New Zealand weather is unpredictable, and it's likely to rain at least a little bit at any time of year.
“Beaches here are at their best during the summer. Although locals will tell you otherwise, the water is never truly warm; but in January, February, and early March, the beaches are often hot enough to make the ocean temperatures comfortable. There are many rugged coasts, too, so even during the winter it's worth stopping by for the views. New Zealand does have riptides, however, so swim between the flags on beaches protected by lifeguards.
“Late spring through early autumn is the best time to visit New Zealand for hiking – but you won't be alone. Campgrounds and huts get booked well in advance, so plan ahead. Unless you're an avid (and experienced) outdoors-lover, we recommend staying in a hut. With these rustic accommodations, trekkers enjoy the comforts of a bed, can lighten their packs, and never get stuck pitching a tent in the rain. Regardless of the season, hikers in New Zealand should be prepared with a rain jacket and sturdy boots.”
Original article by G. S. McClure, Travel + Leisure, January 25, 2018.
BOSTON — Tomas Murphy scored eight of his career-high 21 points in overtime to push Northeastern past UNC Wilmington 107-100 on Saturday.
It was the most points Northeastern (15-9, 8-4 Colonial Athletic Association) has scored since putting up 102 against Cal State Northridge in 2005.
Murphy didn't miss a shot in the extra period, making a layup, four free throws, and a two-handed dunk that gave Northeastern a seven-point lead with 55 seconds remaining.
Vasa Pusica scored 24 points to lead the Huskies. Anthony Green added 16 points and Donnell Gresham Jr. had 14. Murphy, a 6-8 freshman forward, was 8 of 11 from the field.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIAMI -- After battering portions of Central America, Tropical Storm Nate is expected to reach the US Gulf Coast this weekend as a hurricane.
The storm already has killed at least 22 people in Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Honduras, where it caused widespread flash flooding and mudslides, officials said.
Nate is forecast to gain force as it approaches the Yucatan Peninsula late Friday and strengthen into a Category 1 hurricane by the time it makes landfall early Sunday along the US Gulf Coast, the National Hurricane Center said.
Parts of the Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama coastlines were under hurricane, storm surge and tropical storm watches Friday. The storm could drop 3 to 6 inches of rain, with 12 inches possible in some areas, the hurricane center said.
Nate had maximum sustained winds of 45 mph early Friday morning and was moving north-northwest at 14 mph.
New Orleans vulnerable, Florida prepares
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu declared a state of emergency for his city on Thursday and advised residents to stay put over the weekend.
"There is no need to panic. Be ready and prepare. Get a plan. Prepare to protect your personal property," Landrieu tweeted.
The city's unique drainage system has recently experienced critical deficiencies. Several drainage pumps failed during heavy rainstorms in August, leading to the flooding of several hundred properties. Of the city's 120 main drainage pumps, three major and nine smaller ones were offline Thursday, city records show.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards authorized 1,300 National Guard troops to mobilize ahead of the storm, and some will be in New Orleans to help the city monitor the pumps, he said.
Though no weather warnings had been issued for Florida, the state's western panhandle could be impacted by Nate's wind, storm surge and heavy rainfall, the hurricane center said.
With some parts of Florida still reeling from Hurricane Irma, Gov. Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for 29 counties and encouraged residents to get prepared in case Nate's forecast track changes. Evacuations could be called, he added.
"Just think about your family: Get your three days of water, three days of food; if you're taking medicine, make sure you have your medicine," Scott said Thursday during news conference.
Deadly storm
At least 22 people were killed and several people reported missing as the storm hit Central America, officials said.
Hundreds were rescued from floodwaters, and many had lost power and running water in Nicaragua, Honduras and Costa Rica, officials said.
The main threat for Central America was heavy rainfall, which triggered life-threatening flash flooding and mudslides.
Costa Rica President Luis Guillermo Solis declared a national state of emergency to assist those affected by the storm.
Rain will continue to fall through Friday night in parts of Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Belize, forecasters said.
Khloé Kardashian may be “so thankful” to be a mom, but she's trying to see where her relationship stands with Tristan Thompson.
A source close to the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star, 33, tells PEOPLE that Kardashian and Thompson are “still figuring out their relationship.”
The update comes nearly two months after news of Thompson's alleged infidelity broke (Kardashian welcomed their daughter True just two days later).
“She's not dumb — she knows being in a relationship with an NBA player means she will have to deal with drama like this, but she has to figure out what she's cool and not cool with,” the insider says. “He's well-known for being a serial cheater.”
As for tabloid reports that Kardashian and Thompson, 27, have been having “screaming fights,” the source says that's “not true.”
“That's just not who she is,” the source explains. “She wants a very calm environment for her baby and is trying her best to provide that.”
Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson Seth Browarnik/startraks
News of Thompson's alleged infidelity has many wondering whether Kardashian would ever leave her boyfriend of nearly two years. But despite sources telling PEOPLE that her initial plan was to fly to Los Angeles as soon as possible after giving birth, Kardashian opted to remain in Cleveland, Ohio, where Thompson plays for the Cavaliers, with her baby girl.
Earlier this month, a source confirmed to PEOPLE that the basketball player was officially back home with Kardashian and their newborn.
The couple has also started stepping out publicly together again. On May 4, they were spotted out for lunch in Cleveland. The following night, Kardashian cheered on the NBA star at the Cavaliers' playoff game against the Toronto Raptors. Tristan Thompson and Khloé Kardashian Jerritt Clark/Getty Images
RELATED VIDEO: Khloé Kardashian Shares the First Video of Baby True
While neither Kardashian nor Thompson has addressed his alleged infidelity publicly, she has been hinting to her Instagram followers lately that there may be trouble in paradise through a series of cryptic quotes.
One, posted on Saturday, read, “You can be a good person, with a beautiful spirit, and still possess the authority to tell someone: ‘You got me f—ed up.' ”
“Something you've been praying for is about to happen for you,” she wrote on May 24. “You've had enough lessons. You've been patient long enough. You've remained strong through many trials and challenges. Nothing broke you. You're still here standing strong. Now is the time for you to start receiving.”
Before those, she shared this message: “Your mind will always believe everything you tell it. Feed it faith. Feed it truth. Feed it with love.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Previously, a Kardashian source told PEOPLE that the scandal altered the couple's relationship.
The Australian government are not messing around when it comes to putting people off littering.
Irish lad Colm Spierin is travelling around the world (not jealous at all) and was doing the popular Coogee to Bondi walk when he spotted this violent anti-littering sign.
Jaysus, they don't mess about with litter warnings in Sydney.
(Via Colm Spierin) pic.twitter.com/TGNobR2s9G — Today FM (@todayfm) April 18, 2017
That's certainly one way of getting your point across!
The 'die alone' bit is a tad harsh.
MILAN, April 10 Italian scooter maker Piaggio says:
* Signed multi-annual accord with Castrol for the supply of lubricants
* Castrol will supply exclusively first-fill engine oil for Piaggio's two-wheelers as well as the group's commercial vehicles produced in Italy
* Castrol will supply also industrial and driveline products (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
UPDATE 2-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
LEADERSHIP is usually about responsibility and accountability.
We are actually all leaders at different levels in society. In that sphere of our operation, we are leaders. In his book, The Leader of The Future, Peter Druker wrote; “Leadership must be learned and can be learned.” The art of leadership can be learned. We must invest in learning leadership principles at whatever level we find ourselves in life. Learning leadership principles can help prevent wrong directions, unnecessary breakdowns along the way to destiny, and even aborted destiny. Embracing leadership principles will always help us move from vision to plan to action, and thus bringing about the required change in our lives, families, communities and nation. As leaders we must have the right perspective of real life in order to make a positive impact in our sphere of influence.
We must be courageous enough to do the right thing in a right way. We must endeavour to do things not only ethically right, but also elegantly right. Excellence should be our trademark. As leaders we must rise above mediocrity in order to attain excellence. We must be passionate about leading with excellence. Every sphere of life is designed to need leadership, therefore the leader in all of us must arise and be unleashed. There is a high demand for leaders in families, communities and the nations of the world, yet the quality and quantity of able individuals is limited. The demand for quality leadership necessitates the need for all of us to unleash our leadership potential in whatever sphere of life we find ourselves in. In today's culture and climate of uncertainty, change, financial upheavals and shifting, morality, we need strong leaders. Yes, leaders who are capable of providing hope, inspiration, steadiness, moral guidance, stability and direction. This is why we must all begin to think and act like leaders.
As leaders, we all have the potential to change our world by introducing creative ideas to affect the political, social and economical climate of our families, communities and nation. This will actually bring about entirely new living conditions for people around us. Renaissance painter, architect, inventor and engineer Leonardo da Vinci changed the world of his time by designing innovative bridges, highways, weapons, costume and scientific instruments. That is unleashing the potential within. By tapping into the leadership potential within us, and activating our God given gifts and talents, we can irreversibly change our world or sphere of influence. Leaders usually see things which others don't see. They impart vision for a better future and cause others to see situations differently. Leaders see cities rising out of swampy areas. As a leader David saw the opposing giant utterly defeated and lying dead on the ground. We must train ourselves to see things through the eyes of, or in the context of vision, purpose and destiny.
Leaders embrace creativity. As leaders we must create the culture of producing a conducive environment for everyone around us to flourish in their calling, gifts and talents. Great leaders create and positively use their positions, power and influence to shape the future and shift atmospheres. As a matter of fact, creative leaders are also cultural engineers who possess the art of designing values and setting priorities to help people around them maximise their potential. As leaders we must stretch the abilities of those in the sphere of our influence.
True leaders possess the ability to draw out the latent potential in others, helping them grow into their God-given purposes and destinies.
In order to unleash our leadership potential we must conquer our inner struggles and believe that we can. Due to the rabble that gets in our lives through life's negative experiences, most of us tend to doubt our leadership potential. When you are born in poverty, come from a broken family, or had a lot of bad experiences in life, your view of who you really are may get distorted. We must learn how to dig through the rubbles of life in order to discover the diamond within. The rubbles of life must be used as the fuel that propel us into our purpose and destiny.
Past mistakes or fear should not be allowed to imprison the leadership potential in us. We must also not allow people to define us, because they will confine us to our past experiences. Leadership is about accountability and responsibility. We must account and be responsible for our time, gifts, talents, words and actions. Sir Winston Churchill said; “The price of greatness is responsibility.” Accountability and responsibility are the mother of great leadership. Let us all be responsible, and let the leader within all of us be unleashed for the betterment of our families, communities, businesses and nation. As leaders we must learn to walk in love towards all human beings irrespective of their status in life. Real love has the capacity to carry the wrongs of others, and it is so rare in today's world. Great leaders possess the ability to walk in genuine love. The essence of true leadership is the love for humanity.
SEDGWICK COUNTY— A prosecutor says the stepmother of a 5-year-old Kansas boy whose body was found three months after he was reported missing was released from jail without charges.
Sedgwick County District Attorney Marc Bennett released a statement Wednesday afternoon saying no charges have been filed in the death of Lucas Hernandez, whose body was found under a bridge May 24 on a gravel road in Harvey County.
Within hours of the discovery, the boy's stepmother, Emily Glass, was arrested and has been held since on suspicion of obstruction and interference of a law enforcement officer. Police had said Glass led a private investigator to Lucas' body.
Glass reported Lucas missing from their home on Feb. 17.
Bennett said investigators will continue to “follow up on newly developed leads” and that final autopsy results — including those from toxicology tests — are not yet available.
Glass has been held on a $250,000 Bond, according to the Sedgwick County Jail records until her release Wednesday afternoon.
——–
SEDGWICK COUNTY— A prosecutor says the stepmother of a 5-year-old Kansas boy whose body was found three months after he was reported missing is expected to be released from jail without charges.
Sedgwick County District Attorney Marc Bennett released a statement Wednesday afternoon saying no charges have been filed in the death of Lucas Hernandez, whose body was found under a bridge May 24 on a gravel road in Harvey County.
Within hours of the discovery, the boy's stepmother, Emily Glass, was arrested and has been held since on suspicion of obstruction and interference of a law enforcement officer. Police had said Glass led a private investigator to Lucas' body.
Glass reported Lucas missing from their home on Feb. 17.
Bennett said investigators will continue to “follow up on newly developed leads” and that final autopsy results — including those from toxicology tests — are not yet available.
Glass is being held on a $250,000 Bond, according to the Sedgwick County Jail records.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
March 29 Abnova Taiwan Corp:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.4 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T$ 0.3 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/CTJ8PU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 3 Orient Paper Inc
* Orient Paper receives audit opinion with going concern qualification
* Independent registered public accounting firm included a going concern qualification in its audit opinion
* Audit opinion was relating to company's audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A woman enters the offices of private equity firm APAX in London May 18, 2012. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
TEL AVIV British private equity firm Apax Partners [APAX.UL] has agreed to buy Israel's Syneron Medical Ltd (ELOS.O), a non-surgical aesthetic device company, for $11.00 per share in cash, or a total of $397 million (317.52 million pounds), the companies said on Monday.
The share price represents a 15 percent premium to Syneron's 90-day average closing price through March 31, and a 33 percent premium to its 90-day average closing price through Feb. 10, the last trading day prior to media speculation of a transaction.
Syneron says its products have a range of applications, like body contouring, hair removal and wrinkle reduction. The products are sold under two brands, Syneron and Candela.
"We have identified the medical aesthetics market as a highly attractive investment area given its long-term growth prospects," said Steven Dyson, co-head of healthcare at Apax.
The agreement includes a "go-shop" period which ends on May 9. During this period, Syneron Candela, with the assistance of Barclays, will solicit, evaluate and potentially enter into negotiations with respect to alternative proposals from third parties.
(Reporting by Tova Cohen)
Samantha Fox has claimed David Cassidy once grabbed her breast and put his hand up her skirt.
The 51-year-old singer has recalled being "shocked" by the incident, which she says occurred when she was just 19 years old, and she managed to defend herself by kneeing David - who passed away aged 67 in November - in the crotch and elbowing him in the face.
She told the Daily Star Sunday newspaper: "It shocked me. I was a huge fan and loved 'The Partridge Family'.
"I had a big poster of David Cassidy on my wall and I used to kiss him every night before going to bed.
"When he grabbed me and pushed his tongue down my throat, I just kneed him in the b*****ks and would still do that today."
The assault occurred in a bathroom at London restaurant The White Elephant in May 1985 where David was dining with Sam and her father after she had shot his music video for single 'Romance'.
Recalling the events in her new autobiography, 'Forever', she wrote: "In the middle of dinner, I got up to go to the toilet, and as I was standing alone in the women's toilets, washing my hands, the door flew open and David Cassidy came storming in.
"Before I really had time to process what was happening, he had pushed me up against the wall and his hands were all over me. I shouted, 'Get off me, David!' in an attempt to stop him. But instead, he just stuck his tongue into my mouth and shoved a hand under my skirt, while the other kept a firm grip on one of my breasts.
"I reacted quickly and instinctively by bringing my knee upwards, striking him right in the balls.
"David jerked back with an 'Ouch!' and grabbed his crotch with both hands. I took a deep breath and shouted, 'Get away from me!'
A budding Robinson Crusoe is needed to take over this gorgeous island, which lies just off the coast from Portmeirion.
The stunning Ynys Giftan Island is one of just 43 unbridged tidal islands in Britain, situated in the Dwyrd Estuary and accessible across the sand at low tide.
Its 17.74 acre expanse includes beautiful hills, sandy beaches and delightful woodland, as well as a stunningly romantic stone-built farmhouse.
And it's now available on a 20-year lease, with the owners looking for just £500 a month – a price which wouldn't get you a one-bedroom flat in most parts of Britain.
There is, as you might have guessed, a catch: this is an ‘improving' lease, which is to say that the future tenant will take over the island on condition that they renovate the derelict farmhouse.
And that won't be easy: there is no electricity on the island, and while there is a water supply pipe and a septic tank, nobody is quite sure whether either is fit for purpose any more.
For some, those issues might be a deal-breaker. For others, the challenge is sure to be intoxicating.
And looking on the bright side, there is at least a decent mobile phone signal on the island in case you need to get hold of your building suppliers.
“This is a blank canvas offering,” says Thomas Hanmer of Strutt & Parker, who are brokering the deal for an estate owner who is keen to see the place flourish and “enhance the public's affection for the Island and North Wales.”
Several proposals have apparently been received already for ideas with what might be done, and the owner is happy to be flexible both on usage and price – the island could certainly be a tourist destination, given its location within the Snowdownia National Park, but it sounds as if nothing is being ruled out at this point.
That magnanimity is particularly fitting: the very name ‘Ynys Giftan' means ‘Anne's Gift', referring back to the moment when Queen Anne gave the island to Lord Harlech's ancestors in the early 18th century. And while this 20-year lease isn't being given away, it's lovely to see it thrown open at a price which means a courageous individual can take it on just as easily as a development company.
That makes it one of the most exciting opportunities we've seen in a while. Let's hope that somebody comes along who can make the most of it – if you think it might be you, Strutt & Parker's website has more details.
ARCANUM – The Arcanum boys basketball team overcame a 15-point halftime deficit to defeat Russia 41-38 on Saturday.
Russia led 10-4 through one quarter and extended its lead to 22-7 at halftime. The Trojans cut the Raiders' lead to 28-25 through three quarters on their way to a 3-point win.
Carter Gray led Arcanum with 12 points. Also for the Trojans, Wills Troutwine scored 9 points, Evan Atchley scored 7, Grant Delk scored 6, Dylan Lumpkin scored 3, Andrew Baker scored 2, and Lane Byrne scored 2.
Jack Dapore and Jordan York both scored 9 points for Russia. Also for the Raiders, Carter Francis scored 7 points, Daniel Kearns scored 6, Evan Monnier scored 4, and Hunter Cohee scored 3.
Arcanum improved to 2-1 with Saturday's win. The Trojans will play host to Miami East on Friday in a Cross County Conference game.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Supreme Court nominee judge Neil Gorsuch responds to a question as he testifies during the third day of his Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. on March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Jim Bourg/File Photo
WASHINGTON Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee could help decide the fate of his moves to undo climate-related U.S. regulations, but legal experts said Neil Gorsuch's judicial record makes it hard to predict whether as a justice he would back a sweeping rollback.
If confirmed to the lifetime job by the Senate, the Colorado-based federal appeals court judge would restore the court's 5-4 conservative majority. The Senate is planning an April 7 confirmation vote although many Democrats are fighting to block Gorsuch.
On the court, Gorsuch could become a pivotal vote on the Republican president's deregulation agenda, along with fellow conservative Anthony Kennedy, who sometimes joins the court's four liberals in close cases.
That agenda includes Trump's effort to kill Democratic former President Barack Obama's so-called Clean Power Plan, blocked by the high court last year, aimed at reducing climate-warming carbon emissions from mainly coal-fired power plants. Trump on Tuesday signed an executive order kicking off a lengthy review process that environmental groups and Democratic-governed U.S. states have promised to challenge in court.
Gorsuch's views on issues related to climate change are unclear. His mother headed the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency under Republican former President Ronald Reagan for two years in the 1980s.
Gorsuch was not asked about climate issues during his Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing last week. In his 11 years as a judge, the only major ruling touching upon climate policy came in 2015 when he was on a three-judge panel that upheld a Colorado measure requiring power generators to ensure a fifth of their electricity came from renewable sources.
A 2016 case on federal agency power is potentially more instructive on how he might approach broad moves to slash current regulation, according to experts.
In that case, Gorsuch questioned a 1984 Supreme Court precedent giving federal agencies broad deference to interpret laws. Gorsuch called the doctrine, enshrined in the Chevron v. Natural Resource Defense Council ruling, an "elephant in the room" that concentrates federal power "in a way that seems more than a little difficult to square with the Constitution."
Questions remain over how that approach would manifest itself if applied to efforts by Trump's EPA to weaken or rescind existing agency regulations on fighting climate change. Some environmental lawyers say it could mean Gorsuch would be skeptical of any big changes at the agency level. The EPA under Obama compiled detailed scientific data to support its efforts to curb carbon emissions.
"That could hamper the Trump administration," said Jonathan Adler, a conservative law professor at Case Western Reserve University School of Law in Cleveland.
Sean Donahue, a lawyer who represents environmental groups, agreed, saying if the EPA were to "advance fancy interpretive footwork to try to make greenhouse gases not a Clean Air Act pollutant," the administration may not get the deference it wants.
The extent to which the U.S. Clean Air Act, the law that tackles air pollution, applies to carbon emissions is heavily contested in the courts. The Supreme Court, in the landmark 2007 decision Massachusetts v. EPA, held that carbon is a pollutant that could be subject to regulation under the law.
In a 2014 case, the court largely upheld the Obama administration's first batch of greenhouse gas regulations.
Environmental groups including the Sierra Club have said they are ready to pounce if they see signs that Trump's EPA, headed by fossil fuels industry ally Scott Pruitt, is ignoring science in making climate-related regulatory changes.
"I think the bottom line is that we hope any anti-regulatory rule-making should be so unscientific ... almost any federal judge should see through the Trump administration maneuvering," said Pat Gallagher, a Sierra Club lawyer.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Will Dunham)
The five year relationship between TGM and the poet, sometimes journalist, and feminist activist, Oldra Sedlmayerová is the subject of a new book published by journalist and historian Petr Zídek. He has clearly combed the available archives for the facts.
The revelation of affair is not new in itself, but the detective work has helped to cast some new light on it. While it lasted, the affair was not public but those close to president clearly knew of it and key members of his close family, especially daughter Alice Masaryková, clearly disapproved.
As references to a certain divan at the president's Lány residence make clear, it was a relationship that was consummated during Oldra's visit there in the summer of 1928. And historians have largely downplayed the relationship. Peter Zídek gives his take on the reasons for that:
"The main reason is that at the time of the relationship occurred it was a private affair, it did not appear in the newspapers or media at the time and we can safely say that the general public did not know about it. Afterwards, after WWII and during the Communist era there was not so much interest in Masaryk. In addition it was only a small handful of people that knew about these letters. After 1989, it could be talked about. There was some reluctance to talk still about this relationship because it was an intimate one and some of the letters are intimate. Before that time most historians did not talk about it thought there was the exception of quite broad and enlightening coverage from the historian, Jiří Kovtun."
The biggest source of archive material appears to be their two way correspondence, which on Oldra's side at least was kept by her long after the relationship cooled and after TGM's death in 1937.
Probably the best barometer of the relationship are the diaries of president Masaryk's personal secretary, Antonín Schenk, who was a go between the two lovers. He noted meetings between them on 65 occasions between January 1929 and April 34. That's at least once a month.
It was a relationship that was consummated during Oldra's visit there in the summer of 1928.
A luxury Prague hotel, the Esplanade, was often the venue. They were most often timed for the end of the week because the present was at Prague Castle attending to business and spent most of the early week on the outskirts of Prague at the Lány residence.
The volume of correspondence is not totally clear. Schenk though suggests the president sent around 40 letters a year. Oldra's correspondence was much more intense, she wrote several times a day with around 400-500 of her letter scattered around various archives. While, shorter, some of TGM's letters did have a passionate and erotic character.
Author Petr Zídek argues that the relationship between the president and wife of a Moravian railway station official has often been brushed aside or played down in the past. It is, of course slightly disconcerting and jars with the idolisation of the president at the time and his mythical status as founder of Czechoslovakia that has lived on till today.
So who was, Oldra Sedlmayerová, and how did she come to the president's notice? She came from a poor background and was actually born out of wedlock. Despite her promise, her hopes of further education were dashed early and she was forced to become a telegraph assistant. She married Jan Sedlmayer, a rail official in 1905. She was 20 and he 10 years older. Their only child was born a year later. But it was clearly not a happy marriage. She often had her head in her beloved books and he began to resent them.
TGM was already a figure of national status and renown following famous trials, such as that of the jew Hilsner whom Masaryk defended against trumped up murder charges. TGM was also at the head of his own movement, the Progressivists or Realists, and was espousing Czech national identity in the dieing days of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Petr Zídek says it's clear that Oldra idolized the Czechoslovak president from an early age and in today's terms might be regarded as a political groupie.
"From a young age she clearly idolized the president and had what might be regarded as almost a fanatical manner. She joined his party and took part in the policies he was backing before WWI. The fact that she shared his views about almost everything in the world clearly played a major role and helped the relationship along."
Oldra, who had experienced some of the tension between Czech and German communities in Moravia during some of her postings as a telegraphist, shared TGM's nationalism and joined the party – mostly backed by intellectuals. Before WWI she also started contributing patriotic poems to the newspapers and magazines that espoused these ideas. And she also voiced the demand for greater women's involvement in politics and even suggested they might form their own party when the time came. It never did.
Charlotte's death increased the isolation he faced in spite of his very public role and the relationship with Oldra was in part an antidote to that.
Her political and literary advancement had moved forward so far by the end of WWI that she was mooted for a place in the new Czechoslovak parliament, the National Assembly, to replace one member destined for a diplomatic career. The job eventually went to a man with women only filling eight of the 256, later 270, assembly seats in 1919.
At the height of the relationship, in the late 1920's and early 1930's, Oldra was correcting TGM's anonymous articles placed in selected newspapers, carrying out covert journalism missions for him, and had embarked on a very problematic attempt to try and pen a children's book version of the tragic life of the Slovak astronomer, airman and co-founder of Czechoslovakia, Milan Štefánik.
Petr Zídek, says TGM was always a bit of a loner who found it difficult to express and share his emotions. He had married the American Charlotte Garrigue in 1878. But she died in 1923. Charlotte's death increased the isolation he faced in spite of his very public role and the relationship with Oldra was in part an antidote to that. Petr Zídek:
"Considering his career, he was quite a closed character. For the times it was not usual that a man showed his emotions or displayed his inner sentiments. He was obviously surrounded all the time by people, albeit being officials from his office and with various politicians, but this was at a rational level and about things such as the functioning of the presidency. Of his three children, two were already living a long time abroad – Jan Masaryk was in the diplomatic service with postings in the United States and England and Olga was in Switzerland. That meant that the only family member who was close to him was his daughter, Alice, who was, let's say puritanical and a bit special. She was not the sort of person with whom he could share his most inner feelings."
But the relationship clearly cooled from 1932 with TGM taking up at the end of that year with the internationally known Rome-based sculptress, Helena Železná Scholzová. She was invited in September that year to the president's Slovak retreat and there were frequent meetings in the following year and into 1934, some at the same Prague hotel that Masaryk had chosen for his get togethers with Oldra.
Masaryk's health began to take a nose dive. Officials in the president's office brushed away her appeals to contact him. And TGM stepped down from the presidency at the end of 1935 and died at the age of 87 in September 1937.
"She was not the sort of person with whom he could share his most inner feelings."
Meanwhile, Oldra's problems, especially financial were getting worse. The family bought a large farm near the Austrian border largely with their son, who was studying agriculture in mind. But the interest payments were astronomic and the first harvest failed. They had to sell up but were still burdened by heavy debts after returning to the Moravian town of Tetčice, on the outskirts of Brno.
Her increasingly desperate attempts to deal with her debts encouraged her to contact the new president Edvard Beneš with the seemingly implied threat that the relationship and some of the compromising letters might come out. Beneš did indeed settle most of the debts eventually, but Oldra spent her last years in stark poverty before her death in 1954. Her biggest treasure was probably those letters and the memories of better times they evoked.
The letters gradually came out after her death. Some being sold to second hand book shops and a large portion eventually bought by the Czechoslovak state in the late 1960s from her descendants.
Traffic was brought to a halt on George Street this afternoon due to an argument between a coach driver and another motorist.
A confrontation took place between the driver of the Wittler coach, from Germany, and a man in a white Audi at around 4pm today.
Reports suggest the coach driver was attempting to negotiate the bend from Gay Street onto George Street, but the position of the Audi prevented him from turning.
The driver of the coach then left his seat and began arguing with the Audi driver, causing traffic to come to a brief standstill on George Street and all around Queen Square.
A passer-by said: “I think the bus was trying to negotiate the corner and the car entered the yellow box so the bus couldn't get round.
“No damage but the traffic was backed up big time.”
The two drivers eventually got back in their vehicles and moved on, allowing traffic to get back to normal.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — A top House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, was shot and wounded by a rifle-wielding gunman Wednesday at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. Several other people were also wounded, and at least two were in critical condition.
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail returned fire and wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. In all, five people were taken to area hospitals, including the suspect, Alexandria police said.
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader first elected to the House in 2008, was in stable condition and undergoing surgery at a nearby hospital. He was shot in the hip, and his injuries were not life-threatening.
Two other people wounded were in critical condition at the George Washington University Hospital, a spokeswoman said, but the condition of the two others was not immediately known. Texas Rep. Roger Williams, who coaches the GOP team, said a member of his staff was shot and was receiving medical attention.
The gunman had a rifle and "a lot of ammo," said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
President Donald Trump said he was "deeply saddened by this tragedy" and was monitoring developments. The House cancelled proceedings for the day.
The shocking event occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off was scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington.
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when he was shot, according to lawmakers present, then dragged himself into the outfield to get away from the gunman.
Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said his colleague "crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood."
"We started giving him the liquids, I put pressure on his wound in his hip," Brooks said.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in his baseball uniform, told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire, shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly, R-Miss., who plays third base.
"He shot at Steve Scalise, our second baseman. He hit Steve Scalise," Barton said, "Scalise's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire, and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire. They shot the shooter. The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter."
Barton described the shooter as a "middle aged man. Blue jeans and a blue shirt. I think he was anglo. He had a rifle and I think he had an automatic pistol, but I wouldn't swear to it."
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes, and there were dozens if not hundreds of shots fired.
"It was scary," Barton said.
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said his son, Jack, got under an SUV.
FBI special agent in charge Tim Slater said it was "too early to say" whether it was an act of terrorism, or whether Scalise was targeted.
Sen. Flake, of Arizona, said he took cover in the dugout as the gunman and law enforcement exchanged fire. In the dugout, he said, he helped treat one aide who, after being shot in the leg near center field, managed to get there.
After the gunfire stopped, Flake ran onto the field and began to apply pressure on Scalise's wound. After medical personnel arrived, he said he retrieved Scalise's phone and made the first call to Scalise's wife to notify her of the shooting. He said he did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media.
Flake estimated that more than 50 shots were fired.
Scalise, a popular and gregarious lawmaker, is known for his love of baseball and handed out commemorative baseball bats to fellow lawmakers when he secured the No. 3 job of House whip several years ago.
Katie Filous was walking her two dogs near the field when she heard "a lot of shots." She said the shooting "went on for quite a while."
Filous said she saw the shooter hit a uniformed law enforcement officer, who she said was later evacuated by helicopter. She said the officer had gotten out of a parked car, drawn a handgun and shouted something to the gunman, who then fired.
Rep. Jeff Duncan said in a statement that he was at the practice and said "saw the shooter."
"Please pray for my colleagues," Duncan said.
Susan Griffiths, a spokeswoman at the George Washington University Hospital, said two people from the shooting were being treated at the hospital, both in critical condition.
In a brief interview in a Senate hallway, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said, "I think everybody handled it well and things seem to be under control."
Other lawmakers were stunned in the aftermath of the event, which raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was wounded was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was shot in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
___
Associated Press reporters Chad Day, Mary Clare Jalonick, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama and Sarah Brumfield contributed to this report.
April 5 Energy Recovery Inc-
* Energy Recovery signs licensing agreement with alderley for centrifugal products in the gcc
* Energy Recovery - 10-year licensing agreement will grant alderley exclusive rights to sell and promote energy recovery centrifugal line of products
* Alderley will have the rights to sell and promote the line of products in middle east region
* In return, co will receive a one-time royalty for each isoboost or isogen unit sold Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
HOW ABOUT YOU JUST SAY 'HELLO' Roy Wood Jr. Creates His Own Video For Starbucks Racial Bias Training
A few simple tips and tricks on how to make black customers feel welcome.
A man filming a herd of elephants was in for a surprise as he inadvertently captured on film a crocodile leaping out of the water and attacking a baby elephant.
The biomedical scientist was filming the herd at a lake in Liwonde National Park, Malawi, when the terrifying encounter took place.
The herd is visibly startled at first, moving away from the crocodile, however shortly afterward one of the adult elephants comes to the baby's aid and fends off the croc, likely saving the little guy from becoming dinner.
By Susan Mathew April 28 Southeast Asian stock markets held steady on Friday with Singapore logging its fourth straight month of gains, while Indonesia posted its third straight winning month. Singapore shares eked out a small gain in the session despite data showing a rise in unemployment rate. Financials rose, with DBS Group adding 0.7 percent and United Overseas Bank 1.5 percent. The city-state's overall unemployment rate edged up to 2.3 percent in the first quarter, rising to rates last seen in the fourth quarter of 2009, preliminary data from the Ministry of Manpower showed on Friday. Indonesian shares closed down 0.4 percent in their second straight losing session. Perusahaan Gas Negara was down 1.6 percent, while Adaro Energy declined 3.5 percent. An index of the nation's 45 most liquid stocks gained 2.1 percent on the month. Malaysian shares were largely flat, with net foreign buying to the tune of 934.2 million in the session. In its fifth straight month of gains, Malaysia added 1.6 percent on the month. Vietnam shares added 0.2 percent, but still recorded a 0.6 percent loss on the month after two straight months of gains. Thai shares were little changed and posted a monthly loss of 0.7 percent, as Siam Cement and Airport of Thailand lost over a percent each in the session. The Philippine market was closed for a special holiday. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: CHANGE ON DAY Market Current Previous Close Pct Move Singapore 3175.44 3171.36 0.13 Bangkok 1566.32 1566.77 -0.03 Jakarta 5685.298 5707.028 -0.38 Kuala Lumpur 1768.06 1767.92 0.01 Ho Chi Minh 717.73 716.53 0.17 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3175.44 2880.76 10.23 Bangkok 1566.32 1542.94 1.52 Jakarta 5685.298 5296.711 7.34 Kuala Lumpur 1768.06 1641.73 7.69 Ho Chi Minh 717.73 664.87 8.0 (Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
OXFORD – JaTyler Moore's high school football career at Winona had just ended with a 41-26 loss to Taylorsville in the MHSAA Class 2A State Championship game. Standing on the Vaught-Hemingway field, the runner-up medallion hanging from his neck, there were tears in Moore's eyes as he answered questions courteously, but in hushed tones.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The WINONA TIMES and The CONSERVATIVE.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://winonatimes.com/user/login
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://winonatimes.com/existing-subscribers
LONDON (Reuters) - West Ham United have sacked director of player recruitment Tony Henry following allegations of racial discrimination, the Premier League club said on Friday.
According to a report in the Daily Mail newspaper, Henry said the club wanted to limit the number of African players in their squad as “they have a bad attitude” and “cause mayhem” when they are not in the team.
A statement from the club said: ”West Ham United have today terminated the contract of Director of Player Recruitment, Tony Henry, with immediate effect following his unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press. Our action follows a full and thorough investigation.
”West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination.
“The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included.”
The decision follows the Football Association announcing on Thursday that it was investigating the matter, the same day that West Ham launched their own investigation and suspended Henry.
Henry joined West Ham in 2014, having previously worked for Everton, Sunderland and Chelsea.
West Ham have six first-team squad members of African descent - Cheikhou Kouyate, Pedro Obiang, Joao Mario, Angelo Ogbonna, Arthur Masuaku and Edimilson Fernandes.
Kouyate posted a message on Instagram on Thursday, saying: “African and proud”.
The post was liked by teammates Obiang, Masuaku, Manuel Lanzini and Adrian.
April 3 Orbite Technologies Inc
* Orbite announces filing for stay of proceedings on creditors
* Orbite Technologies Inc - filed a notice of intention to make a proposal under bankruptcy and insolvency act
* Orbite Technologies Inc - "ensuing existence of material uncertainty about company's ability to continue as a going concern"
* Orbite Technologies Inc- PriceWaterhouseCoopers Inc has been appointed as trustee in proposal proceedings of Orbite
* Orbite - filing of NOI has effect of imposing an automatic 30-day stay of proceedings that will protect co and its assets from claims of creditors
* Orbite Technologies Inc says company to resume its production efforts as soon as possible and hopefully continue as a going concern Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulator on Friday swooped on Coincheck Inc with surprise checks of its systems and said it had asked the Tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange to fix flaws in its computer networks well before hackers stole $530 million of digital money last week.
Security gaps in Coincheck's systems were among the reasons the exchange had not been given official approval to operate, the Financial Services Agency said. Coincheck had been allowed by the regulator to operate pending registration.
The comments came after 10 FSA officials conducted surprise checks on Coincheck's office on Friday morning, as authorities stepped up efforts to pin down how hackers pulled off one of the world's biggest cyber heists.
The inspection, launched at 8 a.m. on Friday (2300 GMT Thursday), focused on compensation for customers, financial conditions and system management at the exchange, and Coincheck's efforts on consumer protection, a senior FSA official said.
Coincheck has said the virtual coins were stored in a “hot wallet” instead of the more secure “cold wallet,” which operates on platforms not directly connected to the internet. The exchange was also not using an extra layer of security known as a multi-signature system.
The regulator's knowledge of flaws in Coincheck's systems before the theft will likely draw further focus on Japan's approach to regulating cryptocurrency exchanges.
Japan last year became the first country to regulate exchanges at the national level - a move that won praise for boosting innovation and protecting consumers, contrasting sharply with crackdowns in South Korea and China.
The theft highlights the vulnerabilities in trading an asset that policymakers are struggling to regulate, as well as the broader risks for Japan as it aims to leverage the fintech industry to stimulate economic growth.
The FSA earlier this week issued a business improvement order to Coincheck and said it would investigate all cryptocurrency exchanges in Japan for security gaps following the hack.
The regulator said on Friday it had ordered all cryptocurrency exchanges to submit a report on their system risk management.
Cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck's signboard is pictured in front of a building where their office is located, in Tokyo, Japan January 29, 2018. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Coincheck had been ordered to submit a report on the hack and measures for preventing a recurrence by Feb. 13. But Friday's surprise inspection was conducted ahead of the deadline to “ensure protection of users,” Finance Minister Taro Aso told reporters.
The FSA has already conducted an interview-based hearing with Coincheck but questions remain, a source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters on Friday.
In 2014, Tokyo-based Mt. Gox, which once handled 80 percent of the world's bitcoin trades, filed for bankruptcy after losing bitcoins worth nearly half a billion dollars to a hacking attack. More recently, South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Youbit shut down and filed for bankruptcy after being hacked twice last year.
INVESTIGATIONS
Coincheck said on Sunday it would repay about 46.3 billion yen ($425 million) of the virtual money. The FSA has said it had yet to confirm whether the company had sufficient funds for the reimbursement.
Coincheck has turned over communication records to police in Tokyo investigating the heist, the Nikkei business daily said on Thursday. A Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department spokesman declined to comment.
Authorities in several countries are also investigating last week's heist involving the NEM cryptocurrency, a member of the foundation behind the digital coin said on Thursday.
Last year's explosive rise in the value of digital coins and the flood of new retail investors drawn to the market have rattled global regulators nervous about a sector used largely for speculation. Officials have said cryptocurrencies are used by criminals to launder money.
Bitcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency, skidded 11 percent on Thursday to its lowest since November, as a Facebook ban on cryptocurrency adverts and a growing regulatory backlash against the nascent market frightened investors.
Bitcoin extended its slide to $8,639 on Friday after skidding a day earlier to as low as $9,022 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange, less than half the peak price of almost $20,000 it reached in December.
April 5 Mondo TV SpA:
* Unit Mondo TV Iberoamerica group reaches a global partnership agreement with TV Atzeca for Mexico
* Agreement grants rights of broadcast on free-to-air TV of all the animation library of Mondo TV along with the first season of teen fiction series Heidi, Bienvenida a Casa Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
May 3 BNP Paribas SA
* BNP Paribas: Bookrunner says the Belgian State, via the federal holding and investment company, announces its intention to dispose of 31,2 million shares of BNP Paribas
* BNP Paribas: Bookrunner says sale represents about 2.5 pct of share capital, held by sfpi-fpim as part of a delegated mission
* BNP Paribas: Bookrunner says SFPI-FPIM will reduce its holding in bnp paribas from about 10.3 pct to about 7.8 pct, upon settlement in shares of this transaction
* BNP Paribas: Bookrunner says BNP Paribas Fortis, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Goldman Sachs & Merrill Lynch International are acting as joint bookrunners (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
NEW YORK Shares of U.S. hospital operators fell on Thursday after news reports that Republicans were making fresh progress with plans to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
Republican moderates and conservatives were nearing a deal on healthcare that could get an alternative to the law through the U.S. House of Representatives, according to the Huffington Post. Politico published a document it said represented the Republicans' new proposal.
CNBC and CNN also reported that the changes could push more Republicans to favor the health bill, which was dropped late last month after it failed to get enough support to pass.
The Huffington Post said that the changes in the works might still leave the bill without enough support, while Politico questioned the likelihood of the bill's passage next week.
The U.S. Senate, which has been on a two-week break, returns to Washington D.C. on Monday, while the House returns on Tuesday. They are expected to work on a funding bill needed to avoid a government shutdown on April 28.
Hospital stocks have been pressured by Republican efforts to roll back Obamacare, which benefited the companies by expanding insurance coverage.
Shares of HCA Holdings (HCA.N), the most valuable publicly-traded hospital company, fell 1.8 percent, while Tenet Healthcare (THC.N) dropped 4.1 percent and Community Health Systems (CYH.N) fell 3.9 percent.
The stocks had surged after Republicans pulled their initial bill late last month, dealing a setback to President Donald Trump's vow to repeal Obamacare.
(Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf, additional reporting by Susan Heavey and Richard Cowan in Washington D.C.; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Savannah Guthrie is already encouraging her kids to think outside the box.
Posing with son Charles “Charley” Max, 10 months Sunday, and daughter Vale, 3, for the cover of Parents magazine's November issue, the Today show co-anchor and author of Princesses Wear Pants talked about the importance of supporting her children's creativity.
One method the newly minted children's book author uses? Introducing imagined characters into her daughter's life, like the Big Red Heart Balloon.
“Vale will be looking out the window and say, ‘Mommy, look! It's the Big Red Heart Balloon!' ” says Guthrie, 45. “She
has a vivid imagination, and it comes from storytelling.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
I can't thank @parents magazine enough for the thrill of posing with the loves of my life! A post shared by Savannah Guthrie (@savannahguthrie) on Oct 6, 2017 at 8:42am PDT
RELATED VIDEO: How Today‘s Savannah Guthrie Copes With a Toddler, a Newborn AND 3 a.m. Wake-Up Calls!
The message behind her new book — whose cover doesn't skimp on the color pink — “is that you can be a princess and a doer and a girl of substance,” the mother of two tells Parents.
Aside from reading from favorite books, Guthrie and husband Michael Feldman have begun telling Vale true, simple stories about things they did recently, like going to the park or doctor or dentist.
“I'm trying to bore her to sleep!” she jokes, adding that Vale — who “reads” to little brother Charley now — is extremely adept at recalling details from the true stories and doesn't hesitate to correct her mom if Guthrie tells it in a different way later.
My #princessinpants Vale reading with me at the end of a great week. Post your #princessinpants! #PWP #thingstodo A post shared by Savannah Guthrie (@savannahguthrie) on Sep 15, 2017 at 9:27am PDT
FROM PEN: Today‘s Savannah Guthrie Was Very Superstitious About Her Pregnancy: “I Didn't Want to Jinx It”
RELATED: Savannah Guthrie Wants Her Kids to Know They're “Unique and Loved” – But Also “Just One Person in the Universe”
Guthrie says her own reactions to certain beloved stories — The Giving Tree, for example — have inspired her as an adult in different ways than they did as a child.
“I remember very well loving that book,” she says. “But then I read it once Vale came along, and I had such a different reaction to it.”
“I loved it as a little girl, and as an adult I found it so sad,” Guthrie adds, explaining, “As a kid, you identify with the child who has a tree giving everything to him. And as an adult, you identify with the tree.”
SEATTLE — Seahawks restricted free agent tackle Garry Gilliam on Monday signed an offer sheet for a one-year deal with the San Francisco 49ers, The Sacramento Bee's Matt Barrows reported.
The Seahawks have five days to either match the contract or let Gilliam, 26, go to their division rival.
ESPN's Adam Schefter reported that the 49ers' offer is a one-year, $2.2 million deal.
Bob Condotta of The Seattle Times tweeted that the Seahawks tender to Gilliam was a one-year, $1.797 million deals.
However, ESPN's Sheil Kapadia reported that the 49ers offer included $1.4 million of guaranteed money, and the Seahawks tender contains no guaranteed money.
“Seahawks are now deciding whether to match a reported $2.2M for one year. Seems unlikely they will,” Gregg Bell of the Tacoma News Tribune tweeted Monday night.
Gilliam played tight end at Penn State until his senior year, when he asked to be converted to offensive tackle. He was signed by the Seahawks after he went undrafted in 2014. He has started 30 games over the last three seasons, most of them at right tackle.
The friend who accompanied us as we walked down George Street grew up in Hamilton. She recalled her student days partying on Hess Street and was pleasantly surprised to hear that George is moving toward a more mature crowd.
Moody's is another step in that direction. Though the crowd was young (we pushed the median age up considerably with our presence), it was not a crowd getting shots. They'd come in for a meal or to enjoy the wide variety of beers on the lengthy wall of taps from the likes of Amsterdam, Collective Arts, Fairweather and Nickel Brook.
The selection is not surprising, considering Moody's sister restaurant is the Ship, one of the earlier devotees of craft beer in the Hammer.
Moody's, though, is not primarily a watering hole. The seating is extensive, with tables along the walls unoccupied by the bar, another room behind the main one, and a lovely porch that would have beckoned us just days ago.
As it was, the warm vibe inside was preferable. The ceiling caught my eye: its gold colour reflected the lights from below, along with mirrors on one wall. The effect evoked the feeling of a classic French brasserie, but brick and faux wood panelling on the other walls made it less imposing.
Moody's drink menu had some cartoon cocktails as visuals, with names like Garden Gnome and George Street Punch. My Socks and Sandals was a breeze of summer: Bulleit bourbon with passion fruit and pineapple juice, topped with egg whites and bitters. Light with mellow citrus tones and a soft-sweet finish.
My companion's Moody Caesar was alight with spice. She thought the drink was fantastic despite the out-of-place piece of bocconcini cheese used as garnish.
Our appetizers would come out quickly, as if the kitchen was anticipating the rush that was to follow but in the meantime, we listened to "Oh Sherrie" and some Depeche Mode while chatting with the server about how much she was learning at her driver's ed. course.
Then she brought out Buttermilk Calamari on a blue rimmed, white plate, with a wedge of lemon and a ramekin of cocktail sauce. I wanted more from the battered and fried capers and pickled onions (they could have just been fried sans batter to retain their pickle better). The calamari was cooked to a perfect doneness in a cornmeal batter — a touch tough, but not bad overall.
Next up was the fried Brussels sprouts, which turned out to be the dish of the night for me. A bed of brown butter mascarpone cheese sauce served as a base for the roasted halves which had tender bits of bacon worked in. Curls of salty Parmesan cheese almost covered the greens and a line of lemon zest ran across the middle of the plate. A lot of elements. The mascarpone was a little heavy for the lighter tones of the dish, and the brown butter could have been more prominent, but the sprouts were soft and delicious and the zest was a playful finish.
NEW YORK — Arizona coach Ariel Prieto and the Diamondbacks have been fined by Major League Baseball for his wearing an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card win over Colorado.
MLB announced the discipline Friday, two days after the game.
The commissioner's office said in a statement that it interviewed Prieto and examined his watch and cellphone. It said it "found no evidence that Mr. Prieto used the Apple Watch or cellphone for any purpose in the dugout, nor any baseball-related communication on either device, during Wednesday's game."
Prieto and the team were fined because he violated a regulation, and MLB will donate the fine money to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Shuswap Volunteer Search and Rescue (SVSAR) had a busy weekend, assisting with the helicopter evacuation of two injured snowmobilers from the Owlhead recreation area on Friday and Saturday and then helping to locate lost hikers near Little Shuswap Lake on Saturday evening.
Search manager John Schut said at around 3:30 p.m. on Friday search and rescue volunteers were called out to help a snowmobiler who suffered a serious injury near an area called skinny ridge off the Owlhead trail system.
Schut said the sledder, who was riding alone, had suffered a serious back injury with spinal damage, but was able to fire a flare alerting other snowmobilers in the area who came to his aid and called for help.
Related:Shuswap Search and Rescue helps injured snowmobiler
Fourteen Shuswap Volunteer Search and Rescue members responded, but due to the treacherous terrain and the nature of the man's injuries they called in help from the Revelstoke Search and Rescue Helicopter Evacuation Transportation Systems (HETS) team.
Schut said it was a good thing the helicopter was able to assist them with getting the injured man out of the backcountry because without it evacuating him would have required towing him on a toboggan behind a snowmobile over very challenging terrain. The helicopter couldn't have responded after dark so if the accident had happened later in the day a ground rescue would have been necessary.
Related: GPS tracking assists in White Lake rescue
“He can certainly say that he was very fortunate,” Schut said.
The injured man was airlifted to Revelstoke and then taken by ambulance to the hospital in Vernon.
Schut said this is one of the first times in recent memory that SVSAR have called on the help of the Revelstoke's HETS team. The Vernon Search and Rescue winch rescue helicopter which usually assists with this type of rescue was unavailable.
Shuswap Volunteer Search and Rescue was called to help another injured snowmobiler on Owlhead on Saturday afternoon. A sledder with a broken leg was evacuated by helicopter with the help of seven Shuswap and seven Revelstoke search and rescue volunteers.
The busy weekend was not over for Shuswap Search and rescue who went out to locate two hikers who became lost and disoriented near Little Shuswap Lake. Schut said the hikers were located and brought back to the SVSAR command centre by 12:30 a.m. and the volunteers had made it home by 2 a.m.
@SalmonArm
sports@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A diagnostic report intended to provide baseline data to help inform future land-use decisions in South Revelstoke is causing concern among residents.
The South Revelstoke Diagnostic Inventory Preliminary Report, which was completed on Sept. 20, 2017, was presented to residents at an open house at the Revelstoke Community Centre Wednesday night.
More than 100 people – mostly from the study area – attended the event where the report's authors: Urban Systems' John Dumbrell, James Klukas and Marina Jozipovic presented their findings in a slideshow.
Klukas began the 40-minute presentation by emphasizing what the study is not.
“It's not a recommendation for or against boundary extension,” he said. “Our role in this is really to be objective and provide baseline information on things like land use, service delivery, finance, governance and so on.”
Attendees heard that the area in question, which extends from near Williamson Lake along Airport Road and is sandwiched between Revelstoke Mountain Resort land and the Columbia River, measures 2.3 square kilometres and has about 300 residents. There is no community water or sewer infrastructure and more than half of the study area is Agricultural Land Reserve.
The South Revelstoke Study Area currently falls under the jurisdiction of the Columbia Schuswap Regional District.
In the last decade, a number of property owners adjacent to the City of Revelstoke have requested annexation.
In the mid-2000s, the boundary was extended to include the base of Revelstoke Mountain Resort.
In 2015, the eventual treehouse hotel property was annexed, although the CSRD did not recommend it move forward at the time.
RELATED: Revelstoke treehouse hotel annexation approved
In the referral, CSRD planner Jan Thingsted wrote “an incremental approach of individual property annexation by the City of Revelstoke is not supported in the OCP, therefore, staff does not support this proposed Municipal Boundary Extension.”
In 2016, 23 properties in the Thomas Brook area were also annexed to allow the community an opportunity to access city water services.
Two Catherwood Road properties requested annexation in 2015, but were ultimately denied earlier this year after a referendum failed to get approval from the province.
Peter Fassbender, then Minister of Community, Sport and Cultural Development wrote a letter to city council regarding the Catherwood properties in which he said he had approved a study looking at the inventory of planning, service delivery and governance in the South Revelstoke area.
“It is my understanding that, once this study is complete, the City and the Columbia Shuswap Regional District will be in a better position to assess the broader implications of governance change in the lands south of Revelstoke,” he wrote. “Through the study's proposed public engagement process, the City and Regional District will also be afforded the opportunity to hear the wide range of community perspectives in an open and transparent process.”
RELATED: Catherwood annexation referendum denied by province
RELATED: Catherwood Road boundary extension moves to second stage
The diagnostic report was commissioned jointly by the CSRD and the City of Revelstoke. The province is covering half of the cost, while CSRD and the city split the remainder.
The diagnostic inventory is intended to “collect background information and community perspectives on governance, land use, and service delivery in the South Revelstoke Study Area,” said a handout at the open house. Part of the report includes a survey, which is available online for residents of the study area and Revelstoke.
Its results will be included in the final report, which is expected to be complete at the end of October.
In a phone interview Thursday, Thingsted stressed that there is currently no request at this time for annexation of the study area.
He said there seemed to be concern from attendees that an annexation was immediately being considered.
“We're not proposing annexation at all,” he said.
Residents were vocal in their opposition to annexation in South Revelstoke during a 1.5-hour-long question period following the presentation.
They expressed concern for what the cost of services would be. They wondered how long it would take for those services to be provided. They queried the City of Revelstoke's plan for affordable housing and future developments.
There could be a number of outcomes after the report is presented to CSRD board members and to Revelstoke city council in the coming months.
“It may be that… it's determined that we don't need to proceed,” said Thingsted.
It could be recommended that the whole area be put forward for annexation, or a proposal that lands somewhere in the middle. But, if anything moves forward, then a more formal process will take place, including gathering more information from affected stakeholders.
The survey closes on Oct. 10.
@marissatiel
marissa.tiel@revelstokereview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
BAGHDAD Islamic State's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood up in Mosul's Grand al-Nuri Mosque on July 4 2014, revealing himself to the world for the first time, declaring holy war and announcing the formation of his caliphate.
Ever since, the militants' black flag has flown over the medieval brick walls, placing the mosque's famous leaning minaret at the heart of military and spiritual force that has taken its fight onto the streets of Europe.
Now that U.S.-backed forces are closing in and the shells are falling nearer and nearer in the northern Iraqi city, experts say they fear for the fragile structure, perched on unstable foundations alongside the Tigris river.
Following are some facts about the mosque:
FOUNDATION
The mosque is named after Nuruddin al‑Zanki, a noble who fought the early crusades from a fiefdom that covered territory in modern-day Turkey, Syria and Iraq. The mosque was built in 1172-73, shortly before his death, and housed an Islamic school.
MINARET
By the time traveller Ibn Battuta visited two centuries later, the mosque's 150-foot (45-metre) minaret was already leaning.
Its tilt gave the landmark its popular name - al-Hadba, or the hunchback.
"It is several feet out of the perpendicular," 19th-century traveller Grattan Geary wrote, "though it starts fair from the ground, and at the top, before putting on its gallery and dome, it regains an erect posture. Its attitude is that of a man bowing."
It was built with seven bands of decorative brickwork in complex geometric patterns ascending in levels towards the top in designs also found in Persia and Central Asia.
MODERN HISTORY
Both the mosque and its school were dismantled and reassembled in 1942 in a restoration programme by the Iraqi government.
Nabeel Nouriddin, a historian and archaeologist specialising in Mosul and its Nineveh region, said the minaret has not been renovated since 1970, making it particularly vulnerable.
"The Nuri Mosque and al-Hadba minaret are located in the Old City of Mosul where groundwater is a prevailing characteristic," he said.
"The lack of renovation operations and groundwater combined to weaken the foundations of the minaret over the past four decades. If powerful blasts happen nearby, the risk it could collapse would be more than 90 percent."
(Editing by Andrew Heavens)
click to enlarge nordstrom
Trump has offered very little to the average fashionista—that is, until the nationwide clothing-and-retail giant Nordstrom announced, on Feb. 2, that it was dropping Ivanka Trump's clothing and shoe line. The move, which Trump said in a tweet was “so unfair,” was reportedly unrelated to politics, but rather to the fact that sales of Ivanka-wear plummeted last fiscal year, with the biggest losses taking place in October. The timing of the decision to drop Ivanka, however, was dire, and speculation about the real reason was inevitable.
On a clear-skied Monday, the Nordstrom at Corte Madera's Village Shopping Mall was quiet and peaceful, almost impossible to associate with anything Trump. California was generally against the current president, voting overwhelmingly blue and sprouting protest after the election results settled in. Would anyone at an average Marin County Nordstrom's care about the big drop in sales of Ivanka's line?
“Do you have any Ivanka Trump apparel?” I asked an unassuming elderly saleswoman in the evening-wear department, after a short search online yielded images of black lacy shifts and business-like wrap dresses. The sales rep, who had just complimented my vest, now looked at me with piteous disapproval. “We never had those,” she says, desperately. When I show her the images on my phone, she recovers her memory. “We hadn't had the clothes for a while, but try the shoes,” she offers. Another sales rep then approached to see what the conversation was all about.
“Trump?” She smiled faintly. “Maybe some shoes are left, they removed everything with Nordstrom's new policy.” I asked why and the woman, who had a Russian accent, gave a brave answer. “It's because of her association with her father, which I think is a stupid business decision.”
“No, no,” the first lady chimed in. “I spoke to some managers here and it's because the sales weren't doing good.” A groomed middle-aged shopper overheard the exchanged and added, “I wouldn't buy her stuff anyway, the styles are so severe and uptight!” That shopper refused further comment.
Down in the shoe department, I approached a young sales assistant of Filipino heritage, chatting happily to a fellow employee. But once Ivanka's name comes up, the smile is off—the official voice is on. “There will be some shoes on sale, but the sale is only displayed on Feb., 16,” the assistant said. “Would you like me to dig some up from storage for you?”
Something tells me Ivanka would not like this option. I politely refused and inquired "what happened?"
“The sales weren't doing so well we dropped the line, but once she comes up with some better styles we might bring it back,” the girl declares forgivingly, reciting a memorized script.
“We've had ups and downs with all of our lines.” The response is nearly as uptight as Ivanka's dresses, and it's nearly impossible to decode her true sentiment. Is she, like the Russian lady upstairs, feeling for Ivanka, a possible victim of a politicized fashion game? Did she vote for Ivanka's dad or, like many Californians, for the sane alternative? At Nordstrom, the blossoming smell of perfume and the soft music scrambles all options into a pleasant, escapist blur—now, completely Trump-free.
In the history of TV anchor pairings, Katie Couric and Matt Lauer stand out as one of the strongest — which makes her reaction to his bombshell firing even more poignant.
On Friday, Couric, 60, broke her silence on the news that NBC had fired the longtime Today host after receiving a “detailed complaint from a colleague about inappropriate sexual behavior,” with reason to believe “this may not have been an isolated incident.” Swiftly following his termination, women also anonymously accused Lauer, 59, of sexual harassment and assault in reports published by Variety and The New York Times.
Calling it “incredibly upsetting,” Couric announced that she would fully address the situation when she's “ready.” In the meantime, here's a look back at Couric and Lauer's relationship over the years.
Fast friends
Couric and Lauer's on-screen rapport began in 1992, when he was the anchor of an early weekday news show on WNBC in New York, Today in New York. Couric, who joined Today in 1989 as a national political correspondent, had been co-hosting NBC's flagship morning show since April 1991.
The two would engage in so-called “cross talk,” chatting briefly for local viewers about what was coming up on Today. Throughout that period, Lauer would also fill in as Today‘s newsreader before he was officially hired as a news anchor in 1994.
In a 2012 interview with Howard Stern, Couric admitted that she had “a little crush” on Lauer when he was at WNBC, because he “was so funny and so quick” — though she insisted their relationship had always been platonic. (When Lauer went on Stern's radio show the following month, he returned the compliment: “I think every man in America was attracted [to her],” he said. “She's a very attractive woman.”)
Katie Couric and Matt Lauer Jamie McCarthy/Getty
In January 1997, Lauer took over hosting duties from Bryant Gumbel. In an 2006 interview with the New York Times, he said he would always be grateful that Couric had been “in my corner” when his name was bandied about for the co-anchor job, and had served as his “comfort zone” when he first joined her on the couch.
“Katie is Katie,” he said. “There is no question in my mind that Katie has attracted a lot more attention in this role than almost anyone who has ever had it. There are a lot of reasons for that. … Because she is that kind of dynamic personality.”
Instant chemistry
From the get-go, Couric and Lauer had an effortless, genuine rapport that viewers responded to instantly, leading to a steady ratings climb within their first year together — and dominating their competition, ABC's Good Morning America.
Couric, who was perky, fearless and compassionate, was branded “America's Sweetheart,” and Lauer exhibited a winning mix of friendliness and a certain gravitas. Both had the ability to shift from hosting a light-hearted show to covering breaking news, including on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001. (The two were live on the air when the first plane hit the north tower of the World Trade Center.)
In 2012, Lauer told Stern that Couric, in his estimation, was his best co-host.
“Katie was the person that when I got to the Today show — which was my dream job — we had a good and easy chemistry,” he said.
Katie Couric and Matt Lauer NBC/Getty
The end of an era
In April 2006, after months of speculation, Couric announced that she was leaving Today for CBS Evening News.
“Once in a while, we get on each other's nerves — well, he gets on my nerves — but I could not have asked for a more talented partner or better friend,” she said, turning to Lauer, when she made the announcement on air. “And as Dorothy said to the Scarecrow, I think I'm going to miss him most of all.”
The camera then shifted to Lauer, who eased the tension by cracking a goodhearted joke.
“Also coming up in this half hour,” he began, deadpan, as they shared a laugh.
Reunion rumors
Couric left CBS Evening News in 2011, immediately fueling speculation that she and Lauer, whose contract at Today was set to expire the following year, might reunite in a new venture.
“Matt and I have undeniable chemistry in the most platonic sense of the word,” she told PEOPLE at the time. “We are like an old, married couple. We finish each other's sentences. He is very committed to the Today show. But who knows?”
“You never know what the future may bring,” she added. “We may work together. It's hard to say right now. We have a fun repartee.”
Long-lasting friendship
In January 2017, Couric returned for a weeklong stint at Today to celebrate Lauer's 20th anniversary as anchor of the program.
“It feels like I never left,” she told her former colleague. “It's fun, and you make it so easy, Matt, because you're so great at this job.”
Reflecting on their first day together, she said it was “extremely natural when Matt stepped into the chair.”
“He just crushed it right away,” she said. “What can I say? He had me at ‘Good morning.' ”
Unearthed footage
Following Lauer's dismissal from NBC, Couric did not immediately comment on the news — but TMZ resurfaced her 2012 interview with Watch What Happens Live host Andy Cohen, in which she quipped that Lauer's “most annoying habit” is that he “pinches me on the ass a lot.”
Other unflattering footage of Lauer also began circulating, including a clip of him telling Meredith Vieira to “keep bending over,” and one in which Vieira ribbed him about a “huge bag of sex toys” she joked that she discovered in his office.
A source who worked with Couric and Lauer later told PEOPLE that “dirty jokes” were not uncommon on set.
“Katie was very bawdy and was known to tell a dirty joke. So was Matt,” the source said. “Nobody in this industry is squeaky clean. Dirty jokes were a thing shared by men and women. This was the workplace culture.”
RELATED VIDEO: Matt Lauer Frequently Pinched Katie Couric's Butt & Once Told Meredith Vieira to ‘Keep Bending Over'
Breaking her silence
On Friday, Couric spoke out about the allegations against Lauer for the very first time in a response to an Instagram user who commented on a photo she posted, calling Couric out for not publicly addressing the scandal.
“Nothing to say on Matt?? Huh — y'all would have been all over the story years ago. I watched y'all for YEARS. My childhood,” wrote Instagram user Candace Taylor Benson. “Just goes to show you really can't trust people. He interviewed people on their moral character and had none himself. I want time back I spent watching!!!!! And you have nothing to say. Crickets. People hear you loud and clear though.”
Katie Couric/Instagram
To the surprise of the Instagram user, Couric responded.
“It's incredibly upsetting and I will say something when I'm ready to,” she said. “Thanks for your interest.”
Lauer himself publicly addressed the allegations in a statement read Nov. 30 by his former co-hosts on-air.
“There are no words to express my sorrow and regret for the pain I have caused others by words and actions,” he said. “To the people I have hurt, I am truly sorry. As I am writing this, I realize the depth of the damage and disappointment I have left behind at home and at NBC.”
“Some of what is being said about me is untrue or mischaracterized, but there is enough truth in these stories to make me feel embarrassed and ashamed. I regret that my shame is now shared by the people I cherish dearly,” he continued. “Repairing the damage will take a lot of time and soul searching, and I'm committed to beginning that effort. It is now my full time job. The last two days have forced me to take a very hard look at my own troubling flaws. It's been humbling. I am blessed to be surrounded by people I love. I thank them for their patience and grace.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO - A bottle of Ricard, aniseed-flavoured beverage, is pictured during a news conference to present the company's 2015-2016 half-year results in Paris, France, February 11, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen
PARIS Pernod Ricard's (PERP.PA) third quarter sales beat forecasts on Thursday, lifting its shares, but the French spirits group cautioned that a ban on alcohol sales near Indian highways would slow growth in its second-largest market.
Pernod, the world's second-biggest spirits group after Britain's Diageo (DGE.L), maintained its profit outlook, saying it saw further robust growth in the U.S, its largest market, and in Europe and improving Chinese demand for its Martell cognac.
The owner of Mumm champagne and Absolut vodka said it expected underlying operating profit growth of between 2 and 4 percent in the full year to June 30.
India, which accounts for about 10 percent of group revenue, has been a key growth area, driven by local whisky brands such as Blender's Pride and Royal Stag.
But a government ban on high-value banknotes held back local consumption in the second and third quarter and sales growth in India slowed to 1 percent in the nine months to March 31, from 12 percent in the full year 2015-16, Pernod said.
While the ban on alcohol sales near Indian highways will impact sales mainly in the fourth quarter and in the first half of the fiscal year 2017/18, finance chief Gilles Bogaert told Reuters he hoped they should be close to flat in the full year ending June 30 and he was confident about India over the long-term.
The company did not specify what proportion of its sales in India would be hit by the highway sales ban.
Pernod Ricard posted sales of 1.987 billion euros (1.66 billion pounds) in the three months to March 31, up 3 percent on a like-for-like basis, beating expectations for 1 percent growth, helped by double-digit sales growth of its Jameson Irish whiskey in the United States and improving demand in Europe.
Pernod shares had gained 1.8 percent to 115.3 euros by 1010 GMT, outperforming the French blue chip CAC-40 index.
"The stronger-than-expected (results) ... should provide further comfort that the business continues to improve," Jefferies analysts, who have a "buy" rating, said in a note.
However, the performance marked a slight slowdown from 4 percent growth in the second quarter, reflecting weaker sales in Asia due to regulatory changes in India and the earlier timing of the Chinese New Year, which helped second quarter sales.
Like other spirits makers, Pernod Ricard has been hit by a downturn in China sparked by a government clampdown on extravagant spending and its sales fell in the third quarter and were flat over the nine months, after falling 9 percent last year, although Bogaert said the underlying trend was improving.
"The expected rebound in China is materialising," he said, echoing Remy Cointreau (RCOP.PA) which made optimistic comments over its prospects in the country.
(Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Alexander Smith)
WASHINGTON, D.C. — Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer and members of the Capitol police force were shot Wednesday in Alexandria, Virginia, during Republicans' early-morning practice ahead of a charity baseball game.
President Donald Trump said the alleged gunman had been killed. Federal law enforcement officials identified the alleged shooter as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois.
At least five people including Scalise, the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip, were hospitalized.
Scalise was in critical condition after surgery, according to So Young Pak, spokeswoman for MedStar Washington Hospital Center. Scalise is out of his first surgery, according to a Scalise aide. It is not clear if he will have a second surgery. His wife Jennifer and their two young children are traveling up from New Orleans to Washington now to be with him.
A congressional staffer, Zach Barth, was also injured. Matt Mika, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods who sometimes practices with the team, was also identified as one of the victims. As of Wednesday afternoon, Mika was in surgery and in critical condition, according to a statement from his family.
House Speaker Paul Ryan also identified two members of the Capitol Police who were injured, Crystal Griner and David Bailey. In a statement, Capitol Police said Griner was in “good condition in the hospital having been shot in the ankle,” and that Bailey “was treated and released having sustained a minor injury during the incident.”
As of Wednesday afternoon, Mika was in surgery and in critical condition, according to a statement from his family.
Lawmakers who were there described a chaotic scene, with many members of the congressional GOP baseball team huddled in a dugout while Capitol police who were part of Scalise's security detail and local Alexandria police engaged in a shoot-out with Hodgkinson. Congressional and law enforcement sources described it as a “deliberate attack.”
Traces are still being done on the two firearms recovered at the scene — an SKS rifle 7.62 (which is a Chinese-made AK variant) and a .9 mm pistol, a law enforcement source tells CNN.
Later, House Republican and Democratic leaders called for unity and praised the police, while Trump in an address from the White House said that the prayers of the nation and world are with Scalise.
“Congressman Scalise is a friend, and a very good friend,” Trump said. “He's a patriot. And he's a fighter. He will recover from this assault — and Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation, and frankly the entire world. America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.”
Ryan condemned the shooting and praised the Capitol police on the House floor later Wednesday.
“We are united. We are united in our shock. We are united in our anguish. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said, drawing a bipartisan standing ovation.
Members practicing for traditional baseball game
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park. Rep. Martha McSally, R-Arizona, said the game will still go on as scheduled. The annual game has been played since 1909, and McSally said lawmakers applauded the announcement at an all-members meeting.
Rep. Joe Barton, who manages the Republican team, said at a news conference that the game has added the Fallen Officers Fund as a charity it's sponsoring.
Rep. Mike Doyle, who manages the Democratic team, said at the same conference that they would like to host the entire Republican team at the Democratic club for dinner to reflect Wednesday night. “Some of them have probably never set foot in that building,” he joked.
Lawmakers describe a terrifying scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they've practiced for years, when suddenly shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.
Members described Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base, where he had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist him and apply pressure to the wound until he could be evacuated. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN “it would have been a massacre” without the Capitol Hill Police officers present.
“Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police,” Paul said on CNN. “It would have been a massacre without them.”
“We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with,” Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks said.
Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
“Fifty (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure,” Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Brooks said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn't say anything.
“The gun was a semiautomatic,” Brooks said, adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind. “It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter.”
Shooter identified
Hodgkinson's Facebook page is largely political, his profile picture is a caricature of Bernie Sanders as Uncle Sam.
The Facebook feed is filled with anti-Trump sentiments such as “Trump is guilty and should go to prison for treason.”
He also “liked” a political cartoon that suggested Scalise should be fired. On March 22, he posted “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.”
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said both in a statement and on the Senate floor that he had learned the shooter volunteered on his presidential campaign — and that he condemned the shooting “in the strongest possible terms.”
“I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign,” Sanders said.
“I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms,” he said. “Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values.”
Capitol Hill increases security, cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill, where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed.
He also said he'd seen an image of members of the Democratic congressional baseball team huddled in prayer after learning of the shooting.
“Every day we come here to test and to challenge each other. We feel so deeply about the things that we fight for and the things that we believe in. At times, our emotions can clearly get the best of us. We are all imperfect. But we do not shed our humanity when we enter this chamber. For all the noise and all the fury, we are one family,” Ryan said.
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday, and many hearings were delayed. The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation.
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased “out of an abundance of caution.”
Members of Congress targeted in the past by violence
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords in January 2011. Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a “Congress On Your Corner” event at a Tucson grocery store. Giffords, who authorities said was the main target of the shooting, survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured.
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
This story has been updated and will continue to update as news develops.
