AIKEN COUNTY, S.C. (WJBF) – Modifications to South Carolina's fire-prone school buses aren't making them any safer.
There have been 108 cases of buses dangerously overheating or catching on fire since 1995.
Despite routine inspections the 2016 School Bus Fleet report shows occurrences are on the rise again.
Click here to read South Carolina's School Bus Fleet report.
According to the Department of Education the occurrences of bus fires and dangerous overheating are collective called “thermal events.”
To minimize the number of these cases the state decided to reroute the electrical makeup of the buses, in addition to extra inspections by shop personnel.
However, in that same report State Superintendent Molly Spearman said her biggest concern is the inability to recruit and retain maintenance technicians.
“Any fire is one too many,” said former S.C.D.E. mechanic Trevor Mattingly.
Half of South Carolina's fleet is rear-engine school buses, just like one in Duncan, S.C. that caught fire in May.
The report shows that 80 percent of South Carolina school buses, that overheat to dangerous levels or catch fire due to turbocharger and electrical issues, are rear-engine buses.
“These buses are falling apart,” Mattingly told WJBF NewsChannel 6. “There were design flaws from the get go and on top of that they are outside of their serviceable life.”
The recent spike in bus fires doesn't come as a surprise to Mattingly.
In his time with the S.C.D.E. he says he was asked to modify the internal makeup of the buses as a temporary fix.
“They've tried to correct the problem, by rerouting battery cables to try to get them away from transmissions.” Mattingly said.
The 2016 Fleet Update indicates the state did reroute and secure cables, add brackets and secure casings to reduce overheating.
But rather than replacing the fire-prone fleet, the state asked Thomas Built Bus experts to advise mechanics on more ways to prevent the likelihood of overheating and fires.
Still, Mattingly says internal changes were just the start.
“The federal [government] states [buses] have to have roof hatches, the ones in the back and a side emergency exit.” Mattingly told WJBF NewsChannel 6. “South Carolina took it one step further, stating that they needed to put a second emergency door on the opposite side of the bus.”
Mattingly says the structural modifications were made without consulting bus engineers, and instead of making the buses safer they had the opposite effect.
However, the report says the state did consult experts before making any changes.
“You have a big open cavity on either side of the bus, it makes the bus too flexible. It flexes too much, all the rafters that support the roof, the rafters are cracked.” Mattingly said.
“If one of those things rolls over you will not be able to get out of it,” former S.C.D.E. mechanic Jarred Willis said.
“Why is that?” Asked NewsChannel 6's Stefany Bornman.
“Because once it rolls over on its top and it compromises that super structure, and it bends, the side doors won't open. The front door won't open, You might be able to get the back door open, but it depends on how much it gets bent.” Willis said.
The state decommissioned 216 of the rear-engine buses in 2016.
According the 2016 report, replacing just 380 school buses would cost $34.1 million dollars a year.
There are currently 5,582 buses in use right now.
Count on WJBF NewsChannel 6 to bring you the latest on this developing story.
The Wall Street bull is seen in the financial district in New York, U.S., March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - U.S. mega-banks are all dressed up with few places to grow. Citigroup, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo kicked off the year with results that exceeded expectations. Some of the investor exuberance over possible tax cuts and regulatory rollbacks has abated, however. Loan growth is slowing and credit costs may soon rise. Valuations have further to fall.
First-quarter earnings on Thursday helped justify some of the momentum. JPMorgan generated annualized return on equity of 11 percent and Wells Fargo's clocked in at 11.5 percent. That's at the top end of what they have been delivering for a couple years. There's little evidence yet of any Donald Trump or Janet Yellen effect.
Both lenders, along with Citigroup which also reported profit that beat consensus estimates, unveiled yet another decline in how much money it projects losing because of borrowers not being able to pay. These credit costs are now exceptionally low and will, as JPMorgan boss Jamie Dimon puts it, soon “normalize.”
Worrying signs are developing. Loan growth at JPMorgan slowed to just 1 percent from the fourth quarter while balances at Wells Fargo fell slightly. It's a broader industry trend. Net new commercial and industrial lending has been close to flat for the past few months, according to Federal Reserve data.
The same is true of net new corporate debt issuance, according to UBS. Strip out financial borrowers and net investment-grade bond sales plummeted 39 percent by mid-March. And the banks keep losing mortgage business to the likes of Quicken Loans and loanDepot.
Some of these developments may be short-lived as companies digest changes – or lack thereof – from Washington. Along with the fallout from Trump's failure to replace Obamacare, these have taken the edge off the post-election bank-stock rally.
Many still look excessive. JPMorgan trades about one-third above book value. That should, using rule-of-thumb valuation theory, correspond to an annual return on equity of 13 percent. According to estimates culled by Thomson Reuters, however, it won't even breach 12 percent for at least two years.
There are similar discrepancies for Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and others. Only Citi, which trades at 77 percent of its book value, closely corresponds with its 7.4 percent annualized first-quarter profitability. Unless the nation's lawmakers enact some new rules, as is eagerly anticipated, those valuation gaps should close.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
The GPS on the stolen East Bay dump truck, trailer and tractor showed a Petaluma location, resulting in the arrest of two men and the recovery of the construction equipment, Petaluma police said.
Police early Tuesday got a call from an East Bay resident reporting the equipment disappearance Monday night from a construction site. The caller said the locater device placed it in the North Bay town, according to Petaluma police.
Officers found the missing equipment and two men with it. They arrested Patrick Fagundes, 42, of Hayward and Erik Johnson, 46, of Oakland on suspicion of multiple felony counts of vehicle theft, committing thefts with prior burglary convictions and possessing burglary tools.
On Wednesday, both men remained in the Sonoma County Jail with bail set at $10,000 each.
Theft of construction equipment and tools is common and while sometimes recovered, can't always be returned because of an owner's inability to specifically identify it, officials said. They recommended GPS devices and surveillance video, as well as personal identifying marks, photographs and recording serial numbers.
FILE PHOTO: People talk outside the headquarters of the World Trade Organisation (WTO) in Geneva, Switzerland, June 3, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
GENEVA/BRUSSELS Brexit has created an administrative and diplomatic minefield for Britain by triggering a reworking of its relations in the most contentious area of international trade -- agriculture.
To stand on its own after it leaves the European Union, Britain needs a document setting out its own commitments at the World Trade Organization, the bedrock of global trade. Britain's membership terms are currently included in EU's, so it needs to disentangle itself, with less than two years on the clock.
While Britain can simply replicate the EU's tariffs, the copy-and-paste method does not work for agriculture, where EU imports are limited by 128 "quotas", often allocated to particular suppliers. Imports of goods such as meat, cereals, fruit, milk, wine and vegetables that are not covered by a quota are subject to a much higher import tariff.
Unless Britain agrees what share of each EU quota it will take, and what tariffs apply for some 2,000 agricultural products, businesses will be flying blind.
It is all supposed to be done within the two years of Brexit negotiations. Without an agreement, Britain would be in uncharted waters and might have to unilaterally announce its plans, at the risk of angering farm lobbies at home or abroad.
Suppliers will want the current EU quotas to be shared out between Britain and the other 27 EU nations, and some may see it as a chance to increase the size of their market.
Brazil, for example, might want to sell Britain more sugar, Thailand more rice and Switzerland more chocolate.
The EU itself may also seek to cut its own quotas to reflect Britain's leaving.
"It's going to have to be in place, not the day before Brexit but a year before Brexit because exporters and importers will want to know when they're entering contracts," said Alan Matthews, emeritus professor of European agriculture at Trinity College, Dublin.
Under WTO rules, nobody can stop Britain putting forward new membership terms, but diplomats say the quotas represent a pressure point for squeezing out concessions. If they felt Britain had damaged their interests, they could respond with a trade dispute and potential sanctions.
Indonesia has already tabled a formal question to ask how the quotas will be handled, prompting China, Russia, the United States and Argentina to signal their interest too.
BARGAINING CHIPS
No WTO partner will accept less than the current EU offer and in most cases will want more. If Britain did not agree to take on part of the EU quotas to soften that blow, it would anger EU members with which it plans a free trade pact.
It would also risk higher food costs for British consumers, already a hot issue due to a weaker pound after the Brexit vote.
The EU quotas cannot be easily shared out according to market size. Many are not fully used, many need translation from euros into pounds, and exporters may argue that they are being penalised because dividing the market reduces their flexibility.
One strong claim for a share of the British market will come from New Zealand, since it has 80 percent of the EU's 284,000 tonne tariff-free lamb quotas and Britain takes almost half the lamb it ships to the EU.
But if Britain opens up too much, it might cause a backlash among British farmers and also give away bargaining chips that can be used in future negotiations, said Chris Downes, trade expert at Brussels-based consultancy ECCO.
"A more defensive approach is probable and will, whatever the UK's intention, likely be disputed," Downes wrote in a paper.
In a further complication, Britain needs to prepare for the possibility that it fails to reach a new trade deal with the EU.
In such a scenario, France and Ireland would join China, Canada and Brazil in the fight for a slice of the British market.
British farmers would have no share of the EU's quota and suddenly face huge tariffs for selling into the EU -- at rates equivalent to over 60 percent for its Scottish beef, 50 percent for its Welsh lamb or 40 percent for its cheddar.
And New Zealand lamb would continue to flow in, oversupplying the British market.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HAMBURG, March 29 Beiersdorf adhesives unit Tesa said its first quarter had gone much better than expected and could therefore result in it increasing its targets for the year.
Speaking at the division's annual results conference, its Chief Executive Robert Gereke said he thought it was possible the supervisory board could "revise upwards" targets for the year at the end of April.
Tesa currently expects sales growth of between 3 and 4 percent and an EBIT margin of slightly below the previous year. (Reporting by Jan Schwartz; Writing by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Arno Schuetze)
KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine (AP) — A spokesman says former President George H.W. Bush is in "good spirits" at a Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment.
The 93-year-old was taken to a hospital on Sunday when he experienced low blood pressure and fatigue hours after attending a pancake breakfast at the American Legion post in Kennebunkport.
His spokesman said in a tweet Wednesday that Bush is talkative and in good spirits but that the treatments to address his blood pressure "are expected to take several more days."
The nation's 41st president arrived in Maine on May 20 after being treated for a blood infection. He's without his wife of 73 years, Barbara Bush, who died in April in Houston.
NEW YORK A lawsuit accusing Nestle Purina Petcare Co [NESNP.UL] of fooling dog owners into thinking its Beggin' dog treats are made mostly of real bacon has been dropped.
Nestle Purina and plaintiff Paul Kacocha jointly agreed to dismiss the proposed class-action case, according to a filing on Wednesday with the federal court in White Plains, New York.
Kacocha, the owner of a West Highland terrier named Sophie, accused Nestle Purina of charging a premium price for Beggin' treats, egging on consumers with packaging that depicts bacon strips and touts how the treats are "made with real bacon!"
His lawsuit also pointed to the well-known television ad campaign in which excitable dogs successfully prod their owners for the treats.
But the Dutchess County, New York, resident said bacon was only 10th on the ingredients list, trailing "filler" such as wheat, corn gluten, soybean meal and corn syrup. He said Nestle Purina's marketing violated state consumer protection laws.
Nestle Purina, its outside lawyer, and Kacocha's lawyers did not respond on Thursday to requests for comment.
U.S. District Judge Kenneth Karas closed the lawsuit on Wednesday, eight months after rejecting a Nestle Purina request it is dismissed.
The St. Louis-based unit of Switzerland's Nestle SA (NESN.S) had in court papers rejected any suggestion it tried to "masquerade the product as just bacon."
Kacocha had sought unspecified damages in his lawsuit.
The case is Kacocha et al v. Nestle Purina Petcare Co, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-05489.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
March 29 Amazon.com Inc said on Wednesday it was moving staff out of its Quidsi nursery, beauty and pet products subsidiary after the business failed to turn a profit.
"We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable, and unfortunately we have not been able to do so," an Amazon spokeswoman said in a statement. "Quidsi has great brand expertise and they will continue to offer selection on Amazon.com; the software development team will focus on building technology for AmazonFresh."
The news was reported earlier by Bloomberg. (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
TORONTO In a move seen as a victory for net neutrality advocates, Canada's telecom regulator said all data delivered online should be treated equally by internet service providers as it blocked one company's effort to leverage content to win customers.
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) ruled on Thursday that Quebecor Inc's (QBRb.TO) Videotron can no longer offer unlimited music streaming from Spotify, Google Music (GOOGL.O) and others to wireless customers without it counting against their data allowances, a practice known as zero-rating.
Videotron, which has until July 19 to comply, said the decision would prevent it is a new entrant from setting itself apart from established mobile operators.
The CRTC did not issue a blanket ban, however, instead saying it would rule on a case-by-case basis on whether such arrangements provide "undue or unreasonable" preference.
"On a technicality it leaves some wiggle room for some really creative attempts at zero-rating that can be challenged after the fact," said Laura Tribe, the executive director of consumer advocacy group OpenMedia.
"This is a really strong step for Canada in terms of being a global leader in net neutrality," she added.
The ruling, which covers both fixed-line and wireless internet, comes amid an ongoing global debate on whether suppliers of connectivity must treat all data equally, a concept known as net neutrality.
EU telecom regulators last year limited the extent to which some applications may be exempted from data limits.
Meanwhile, U.S. President Donald Trump's appointee to head the Federal Communications Commission plans to roll back Obama-era net neutrality rules and wants internet service providers instead to voluntarily agree to maintain an open internet.
"When combined with the federal government's clear support for net neutrality, the Canadian framework is now one of the strongest in the world," University of Ottawa law professor Michael Geist wrote on his personal website.
The CRTC had previously ruled mobile television products offered by BCE Inc's (BCE.TO) Bell Mobility and Videotron ran afoul of the law, while other large operators such as Rogers Communications Inc (RCIb.TO), Telus Corp (T.TO) and Shaw Communications Inc (SJRb.TO) have avoided the practice of content-specific pricing.
"We're glad that internet providers won't be allowed to act as gatekeepers and give privileged access to a select few," said David Watt, head of regulatory affairs at Rogers, which dissented from its peers by arguing against the practice at a hearing late last year.
BCE said it saw the decision as consistent with how it already operates.
(Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Diane Craft and Sandra Maler)
April 6 Raging River Exploration Inc:
* Raging River Exploration Inc. responds to market speculation
* Raging River Exploration Inc- will continue to engage financial advisors to assist in execution of its long term business plan
* Raging River Exploration-GMP Securities l.p. had been engaged as financial advisor as part of process undertaken by board to explore ways to further business plan Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull (R) stands with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang during an official signing ceremony at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia March 24, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray/File photo
FILE PHOTO - Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull watches Chinese Premier Li Keqiang laugh with Port Adelaide player Chen Shaoliang (R), the Australian Rules football club's international academy recruit from China, during a visit to the team's room before the start of an Australian Football League (AFL) game at the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG) in Australia, March 25, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray/File photo
FILE PHOTO: Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull stands with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang before the start of an official signing ceremony at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, March 24, 2017. REUTERS/David Gray/File photo
SYDNEY It was almost a major faux pas in sports-mad Australia - Chinese Premier Li Keqiang arrived at an Australian Rules football match in Sydney wearing the blue, black and white scarf of interstate rival Port Adelaide Power.
But Li quickly donned a red and white scarf of the hometown Sydney Swans to match that of his host, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
Li later confessed wearing both team scarves on a balmy autumn evening made him "really hot", but the broad smiles of the two leaders provided a telling contrast to a bad-tempered telephone call between Turnbull and a freshly-elected Donald Trump that made international headlines.
Australia and China found unprecedented common ground on trade during Li's recent five-day visit Down Under, with a clear agenda of rejecting the "America First" protectionism touted by the new U.S. president.
"The cooperation between China and Australia showcases to the region and the world our determination to defend trade liberalization and advocate the benefits of free trade," Turnbull told business leaders and politicians at a forum in Sydney, in comments closely echoed by Li.
But growing trade ties are only one side of a delicate super-power balancing act for Australia, whose unshakeable security relationship with the United States and Western democratic values have limited how cozy it gets with China.
Li, well aware of Australia's reliance on China for its economic future, used his visit to caution Australia against "taking sides, as happened during the Cold War."
And while Turnbull was quick to say "the idea that Australia has to choose between China and the United States is not correct", some analysts disagree.
"The problem Australia faces is the growing tensions from China's desire for influence and that is going to mean Australia may have to choose between its two allies," said Nick Bisley, professor of international relations at Melbourne's La Trobe University.
TRADING UP
After decades of relative peace and economic growth, the Australian public appears to be slowly shifting its allegiance to China. Asked whether China or the United States was more important to Australia, respondents to a Lowy Institute poll were deadlocked - a shift from responses in favor of the United States when the same question was asked two years earlier.
Trump pulled down the U.S. shutters on trade early in his presidency, withdrawing the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a 12-member trade agreement that excluded China and was instrumental in the U.S. "pivot to Asia".
Li came to Australia bearing a valuable gift to help fill that vacuum; the removal of restrictions on chilled beef exports.
"We've made it a priority to get access for agricultural products into China," an Australian government source told Reuters. "Getting access to China for agricultural products can take years but as they get hold of more and more produce and they appreciate the quality, that opens the door for access for additional products."
China bought A$150 billion ($114 billion) of Australian goods and services last year - easily its biggest trade partner.
But juggling its trade and security interests will be no easy feat for Australia.
The country's military and economic priorities collide in the under-developed but strategically important north. A new rotation of U.S. marines is due to arrive shortly at a joint Australia-U.S. base in Darwin that is a jump-off point for surveillance of the contested South China Sea.
While Australia has so far resisted calls to participate in U.S.-led freedom of navigation exercises in the strategic waterway, it has firmly reinforced its security alliance with the United States as part of the Five Eyes intelligence network.
But the north is also where Australia is seeking major infrastructure and industry investment, potentially through pulling the region into China's One Belt One Road (OBOR) initiative.
China has been pressing Australia to sign up for OBOR, its signature foreign and economic policy, and while the pair did not reach agreement during Li's visit, industry experts believe that won't be too far away.
Infrastructure Partnerships Australia chief executive Brendan Lyon said tapping into OBOR projects would be provided a significant financial boost for Australia.
"We want to be part of that supply chain," said Lyon, referring to Australian companies pitching for construction, finance and engineering contracts on the Silk Road.
INVESTMENT AND EXTRADITION
There are other roadblocks in the way of deepening Sino-Australia relations.
Just two days after Li had left Australia and facing an embarrassing defeat, Turnbull pulled a vote in parliament to finally ratify an extradition treaty with China, 10 years after it was signed.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop held an emergency meeting with the Chinese ambassador to try smooth over Australia's failure to join France and Spain as the only Western countries to enter into such a pact, but no revised date has been set for the vote.
"High-level visits are measured by deliverables so there would have been interest from the Chinese in having the extradition treaty ratified around the time of the visit," said Euan Graham, director of the national security program at the Lowy Institute, an Australian think-tank.
"The visit seems to have been very successful on the economic merits but this inability to ratify the extradition treaty will inevitably lead to a sense of deflation."
And delegates at a large China-Australia business forum said much of the discussion on the sidelines was about Australia's conflicted approach on Chinese investment.
Canberra has talked up the need for offshore funding, but described China-led bids for privatized assets as a security risk. The rejection of high profile bids from Chinese state-owned investors in electricity network Ausgrid and cattle empire S. Kidman and Co still rankle in Beijing.
"There will come a day when the Chinese investors ask why we're going to Australia in the first place," said Zha Daojiong, an international studies professor at Peking University. "Australia are making a judgment on politics not economic or technical factors."
(Additional reporting by Colin Packham in SYDNEY and Philip Wen in BEIJING; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
To celebrate Recreation and Parks Month, the City of Santa Maria Recreation and Parks Department has put together a calendar filled with fun, low-cost and no-cost recreational opportunities for the month of July.
Pick up your free calendar at the Recreation and Parks Department administrative offices at 615 S. McClelland St., the Santa Maria Chamber of Commerce at 614 S. Broadway or online by clicking here.
The first 100 attendees at the City Council meeting this Tuesday will receive a free “July is Recreation and Parks Month” gift bag filled with items to help them enjoy recreation and parks in Santa Maria all summer long. The City Council meeting will take place at 6:30 p.m. in the Council Chambers at 110 E. Cook St.
The Recreation and Parks Department strives to enrich the lives of residents through quality recreation, programs and services, while being responsive to the leisure needs of the community.
Questions about any of these events may be directed to the Recreation and Parks Department at 805.925.0951 x260.
— Dennis Smitherman is a recreation supervisor for the City of Santa Maria.
April 3 Reach4entertainment Enterprises Plc
* Trading in 2016 was unusually weighted towards H1, 2017 is expected to return to typical trading pattern of a stronger H2
* Trading will be in line with market expectations for current financial year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Watch: Australia's PM roasts Donald Trump with mocking impersonation in leaked video he didn't know was being filmed
Malcolm Turnbull launched into an unflattering satirical tirade of the US President that had his audience in hysterics, at the Parliament Houses' Mid-Winter Ball last night.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
People who believe that certain social groups share an unchangeable essence (whether racial, social, gender-related, etc.) are more likely to support programs and legislation that keep those social groups separated.
Psychological essentialism—the belief that members of certain social groups share an inborn, fundamental, and unchangeable essence—is positively associated with support for social issues such as the North Carolina bathroom bill and President Trump's proposed border wall, a new study that appears in Personality and Social Psychology Bulletion suggests.
“We're showing that not only does essentialism predict how we perceive social groups, but it also draws people toward policies and initiatives that keep those groups distinct,” says Steven Roberts, an assistant professor of psychology at Stanford University.
“So, if I'm high in essentialism, not only will I believe that men are essentially distinct from women, or that immigrants are essentially distinct from natives, but I'll also support legislation that enforces gender segregation in public bathrooms, or a presidential candidate who promises to build a wall along the Mexico-US border.”
In addition to the proposed border wall and the North Carolina bathroom bill, which required people in government facilities to use the bathrooms that matched their biological sex (the bill has since been repealed), other examples of what Roberts calls “boundary-enhancing policies” include President Trump's executive order limiting immigration from selected Muslim-majority countries and his recent tweet of a proposed ban on transgender people in the US military.
The results are based on nine studies conducted with US adults of varying racial backgrounds and educational levels.
In some cases, essentialism predicted support for boundary-enhancing policies that disadvantaged certain groups (transgender people, immigrants), but in other cases, the implications were not as clear-cut.
For example, Roberts and his colleagues found that participants who scored high on a measure of gender essentialism supported gender-segregated classrooms that were designed to improve the educational outcomes for women and men.
“Although same-gender classrooms can disadvantage students, particularly women, participants high in gender essentialism believed that they could in fact be beneficial,” Roberts says.
In another study, the researchers found that heterosexual participants with essentialist beliefs about sexual orientation supported counseling services that helped LGBTQ individuals embrace their sexual identity.
Despite the fact that the counseling services would benefit the LGBTQ community, the support is deemed boundary-enhancing because it would strengthen the LGBTQ community and thereby enhance the conceptual distance between heterosexuals and sexual minorities.
In one final experiment, Roberts and colleagues randomly assigned people to read either an article claiming to have detected a “gay gene,” an article claiming that there was no such gene, or no article at all. Those who read about a “gay gene”—thereby having their essentialist beliefs about sexual orientation confirmed—showed more boundary-enhancing support of the LGBTQ community.
“We live in very interesting times where all these traditional social categories that we tend to believe in—man-woman, gay-straight, black-white—these either ‘you're in or you're out' categories are all blending,” Roberts says. “We don't live in a black or white world.
“People who have this essentialist tendency may support initiatives or policies that maintain this discrete society that we live in, which may make it hard for our society to become more diverse or intermingled as it should be, or inevitably will be,” Roberts explains.
“Yet, on the other hand, this essentialist tendency could have seemingly progressive outcomes, like support for sexual minorities, thereby helping our society embrace diversity,” he adds.
Additional coauthors are from the University of Michigan and New York University. The National Science Foundation and Ford Foundation Research Fellowships supported the research.
Source: Stanford University
April 28 Saia Inc
* SAIA REPORTS FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS PER SHARE OF $0.44
* Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.44
* Q1 REVENUE ROSE 9.4 PERCENT TO $317 MILLION
* Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.41, REVENUE VIEW $306.7 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* CURRENTLY PLANS NET CAPITAL EXPENDITURES IN 2017 OF APPROXIMATELY $220 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Hrb Floriculture Ltd
* Says received resignation letter from Puneet Parwal, whole time director and CFO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
2016 Rio Olympics - Athletics - Final - Men's 400m Final - Olympic Stadium - Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - 14/08/2016. Wayde van Niekerk (RSA) of South Africa competes on the way to setting a new world record. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach Picture Supplied by Action Images
LONDON Wayde van Niekerk's hopes of a 200/400 metres double at this year's world championships in London were given a boost when organisers announced on Wednesday that they had changed the programme to avoid the two events clashing.
South African Van Niekerk, who electrified last year's Rio Olympics by smashing the 400 metres world record with a time of 43.03 seconds in the final, had set his sights on a double gold in London.
The 24-year-old's hopes, however, looked like being scuppered by the schedule, which originally put the 400 final on Aug. 8, just hours after the first round of the shorter sprint.
The IAAF, world athletics' governing body, has sought to avoid the clash by moving the first round of the 200m to Aug. 7 to "better allow for a 200m/400m doubling opportunity".
It said in a statement that it had responded to requests from athletics federations, including South Africa's.
“I am also delighted that the Council today approved the 200m and 400m double. These double headers create great excitement among both athletes and fans,” IAAF President Sebastian Coe said.
The world championships run from Aug. 4-13.
(Reporting by Toby Davis, editing by Ed Osmond)
April 13 Alpine Select AG:
* Said on Wednesday will not propose a further dividend payment to the ordinary shareholders' meeting of 22 May 2017
* For the period ended Dec. 31, 2016, Alpine Select posted a gain of 10,663 thousand Swiss francs ($10.64 million)(2015, restated for IFRS 10: loss of 2,511 thousand francs) in accordance with IFRS
Source text - bit.ly/2p8FAt7
Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0017 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Wellingtonians have spared no expense in letting Aucklanders know the capital city has been named the world's most liveable city.
A full page ad by the Wellington Regional Economic Development Agency (Wreda) appears on the front of the New Zealand Herald today.
It was done in a bid to further tap into the many Aucklanders travelling to Wellington for business and pleasure yearly.
Wreda manager of venues marketing and destination development David Perks said it was important to get across that New Zealand had more than one city.
Advertisement
"We have of course been named the number one most livable city in the world (Deutsche Bank 2018) and we are proud and pleased to share that with Auckland. We love Auckland and we know Aucklanders love Wellington."
Wreda and Auckland Tourism, Events and Economic Development (Ateed) worked closely on a lot of things, so the ad would be taken in good faith, he said.
The ad campaign was part of a push to advertise the capital city beyond the numerous visitors for the Auckland region who were already travelling between the two cities, he said.
Ateed general manager of destination Steve Armitage said the confirmaton of most liveable city was a "great award for Wellington, and we'd like to pass on our congratulations".
"Wellingtonians are always claiming that 'you can't beat Wellington on a good day", but for the other 364 days of the year Auckland's world class food and beverage, beaches and natural attractions simply cannot be beaten," he quipped.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” her contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
You may have been listening to J.Cole's new KOD album wondering, ‘I wonder how Kevin Hart feels' when you heard this track.
Well now we know! He stars in the's a pretty good sport about it poking fun at his alleged cheating scandal.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
As the NHS celebrates its 70th birthday, Northamptonshire Healthcare Foundation Trust (NHFT) is taking the opportunity to thank those who contribute to the on-going work of the trust.
The week of celebrations includes NHFT staff attending the Royal College of Nursing Awards today (Wednesday) and Health Service Journal Patient Safety awards next week (July 9).
There will also be a recruitment event on Saturday (July 7).
Chief executive Angela Hillery said: “Without the dedicated staff and clinicians and the valuable input of patients, carers, governors and members we would not be able to deliver the outstanding care we are so proud of.”
Two trust teams are heading to the Royal College of Nursing's annual award ceremony today (Wednesday) in London.
They are shortlisted in two categories: Rebecca Goadsby is in the running for Student Nurse of the Year, while Lindsay Bennett and the Prevention and Management of Violence and Aggression (PMVA) team are up for the Mental Health Nursing award for their pilot study of body worn cameras for staff on inpatient wards.
The PMVA team has also been shortlisted for an HSJ Patient Safety Award for the body worn camera project and will find out the final result at the ceremony in Manchester on July 9.
As part of the birthday week the trust is also holding a recruitment open day at Romic House at Unit 4 in Garrard Way, Kettering, on Saturday (July 7) between 9am and 6pm to find out about opportunities to work within their intermediate care team.
Clinical lead Paula Love said: “This is an exciting opportunity for dedicated, experienced and highly motivated professionals to join our team to deliver diverse care in an ever challenging, yet rewarding way across Northamptonshire.”
Senior Sister Sherrie Hill, who works in the team, said: “When I joined ICT as a Band Five I didn't know if I wanted to be a nurse anymore, my morale was at an all-time low.
“However, I quickly realised ICT nursing was different from anything I'd ever experienced before, we offer patients the opportunity to stay at home and recognise when they need to be admitted.
“Shortly after joining ICT I rediscovered my passion for nursing, five years on this still continues.”
Attraction payments of £3,000 are available for qualified nurses and physiotherapists.
To take advantage of this opportunity pre-register online for an interview by visiting our current vacancies nursing section at www.NHFT.work.
This IT pilot fish's colleague really likes fruitcake -- not just during the holidays, but all year 'round.
"We all gave him good-natured ribbing about his passion -- the usual 'There's only one fruitcake in the world and it just keeps getting passed around,' along with 'You're like a fruitcake black hole -- eventually all fruitcakes end up with you and disappear,'" says fish.
"One year my brother's artsy sister-in-law decided to make fruitcake doorstops out of plaster of Paris. They were all painted up to look just like a fruitcake, even having what looked like little pieces of fruit sticking out.
"I set one out in the break room with a knife and a note saying 'Eat up, you'll probably like it,' figuring he'd realize it wasn't real and get a good laugh out of it.
"A few minutes later, he came back very sheepishly and said, 'Boy, that really looked like an actual fruitcake.'
"I checked it out later and noticed there was scoring across the top, where he did try to cut it.
"From then on we kidded him about not being able to tell the difference between a fruitcake and a block of cement. We still pull it out every year as a reminder."
Sharky wants true tales of IT life every day of the year. So send me your story at sharky@computerworld.com. No fruitcakes, but you'll get a stylish Shark shirt if I use it. Comment on today's tale at Sharky's Google+ community, and read thousands of great old tales in the Sharkives.
Get your daily dose of out-takes from the IT Theater of the Absurd delivered directly to your Inbox. Subscribe now to the Daily Shark Newsletter.
April 6 Trevena Inc:
* Trevena-Announced presentation of positive results from two phase 3 pivotal efficacy studies of olinvo
* Trevena Inc - data showed significant efficacy of olinvo in managing moderate-to-severe acute pain
* Trevena - data included head-to-head comparisons to iv morphine suggesting olinvo could be new analgesic option for patients at risk of opioid-related aes
* Trevena - "results suggest that olinvo can be dosed to manage moderate-to-severe acute pain, so that patients may titrate opioid dosing as needed"
* Trevena Inc - results from studies recapitulate earlier clinical trial results
* Trevena Inc - on track to submitting new drug application to FDA for olinvo in Q4 of this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
Sunil Ambris' unfortunate tour of New Zealand is over.
The West Indies lefthander took a blow on his right arm on the fourth morning of the second test at Seddon Park today defending a short ball from left armer Neil Wagner. The blow fractured the ulna bone.
Ambris, who had been part of the West Indies ODI squad for three games, is now to head home.
A replacement is expected to be named early tomorrow for the series starting in Whangarei next Wednesday.
Advertisement
Ambris gained a fame of sorts by stepping back and treading on his stumps to the first ball he faced in test cricket, on his debut at the Basin Reserve last week.
He then repeated the movement, with the same outcome, in his first innings of the second test on Sunday.
MANCHESTER, England Former Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will feature in Juergen Klopp's team in an end-of-season friendly in Australia, the Premier League club said on Thursday.
Liverpool will play A-League side Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on May 24 and Klopp has added a quartet of former players to his current squad for the game.
Gerrard became a youth academy coach at Liverpool in January, after ending his playing career with LA Galaxy in Major League Soccer.
"The best thing you could have seen was the eyes of Stevie when I told him – or asked him, actually, what he would think about it. 'You want me to play?!' I thought I would have to convince him...he said 'Yes, of course, when?'" Klopp told the club website.
The German manager has also 'called up' former defender Jamie Carragher and ex-Anfield winger Steve McManaman, both now television pundits, along with Danish former defender Daniel Agger.
"I thought we have to show the whole LFC package – that means the actual squad and a few of our legends," said Klopp.
"They are still young enough and look good enough in the kit that we can show them. So, use the opportunity that we still have. It's good for the players and I think the supporters will enjoy it.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission said it issued an order on Thursday filing and settling charges against Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, a unit of Deutsche Bank AG, for attempted manipulation of the ISDAFIX benchmark and requiring the firm to pay a $70 million civil penalty.
The CFTC said that from at least January 2007 to until May 2012, Deutsche Bank Securities made false reports and attempted to manipulate the U.S. Dollar International Swaps and Derivatives Association Fix (USD ISDAFIX), a leading global benchmark referenced in a range of interest rate products.
It said Deutsche Bank Securities did so to benefit its derivatives positions, including positions involving cash-settled options on interest rate swaps.
“We have cooperated extensively with the CFTC's investigation and have undertaken significant efforts to remediate benchmark-related activities,” Deutsche Bank said in a statement.
April 20 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- The Trump administration worked Wednesday to quell an international furor and calm questions over its credibility after misstating by thousands of miles the location of a U.S. aircraft carrier officials had warned could be used to strike North Korea. on.wsj.com/2oRuVAx
- Officials at the University of California at Berkeley canceled a scheduled appearance by Ann Coulter, the conservative commentator and Donald Trump supporter, citing safety concerns. on.wsj.com/2oRvaeV
- U.S. Bancorp plans on May 1 to launch a premium card geared toward high spenders and millennials. This adds to the threats facing American Express Co in a card category where it was until recently unrivaled. on.wsj.com/2oRCuqU
- The letter that cost Klaus Kleinfeld his job as chief executive of aerospace-parts maker Arconic Inc on Monday contained a vague threat toward the billionaire whose hedge fund had been campaigning for Mr. Kleinfeld's ouster. on.wsj.com/2oREorI
- New Jersey Democratic U.S. Senator Cory Booker and Republican Governor Chris Christie again joined political forces on Wednesday to call for federal investment in the region's troubled transit system. on.wsj.com/2oRz87k (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
China asks banks to suspend dealings with Anbang -Bloomberg
BEIJING, June 15 Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairman had stepped aside, amid reports he had been detained.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
LONDON, March 29 The head of global bonds at the world's largest asset manager BlackRock said on Wednesday that he remains invested in the British pound but has concerns over the timeline for Brexit negotiations.
British Prime Minister Theresa May will file formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday, starting a two year negotiation over the terms of divorce with the European Union.
"We are still positive on sterling but there are still...risks," Scott Thiel said at an event in London, adding that the possibility of a "hard" Brexit where there is no agreement had increased.
Thiel also said he likes the euro as an investment but has bought so-called put options on the single currency to protect against French election risk. (Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe, Writing by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by John Geddie)
PARIS Profit at BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA) rose by more than forecast in the first quarter, driven by fixed income and equities trading and raising expectations of a similar performance by rivals such as Société Générale (SOGN.PA).
France's biggest bank said on Wednesday first-quarter net income rose to 1.89 billion euros ($2.1 billion), beating the average profit estimate of 1.6 billion in a Reuters poll and lifting its shares by 0.5 percent, while SocGen rose 1.3 percent and Credit Agricole (CAGR.PA) 0.9 percent.
"There was a good performance in the investment banking division and a positive surprise regarding their risk provisions," Benoit de Broissia of Keren Finance, which owns BNP stock, said. The results augured well for those of SocGen, which are due on Thursday, he added.
Results from France's two biggest banks by market capitalization come just before the May 7 French presidential runoff vote, where centrist Emmanuel Macron is facing far-right rival Marine Le Pen who has vowed to take France out of the euro and European Union if elected.
French bank stocks rallied after the first round of the election bolstered investor and opinion poll projections that Macron, seen as a business-friendly candidate, would win, with BNP Paribas shares up around six percent since then.
BNP Paribas shares are up by around 10 percent so far in 2017, in line with similar gains on the STOXX Europe 600 Banking index .SX7P and on France's benchmark CAC-40 .FCHI.
OUTPERFORMING RIVALS
BNP Paribas outperformed its European rivals in reporting a 33.1 percent revenue rise in its global markets division that includes debt and equities trading, compared to a 4 percent increase on average at peers such as Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE), Credit Suisse (CSGN.S), Barclays (BARC.L) and UBS (UBSG.S), according to Reuters calculations.
BNP Paribas cited a "significant pick-up in client business compared to a very challenging market environment" a year ago.
"The CIB (corporate and institutional bank) rebounded strongly from a low base in the first quarter of last year," BNP Paribas chief executive Jean-Laurent Bonnafé said.
U.S. and European investment banks have benefited from a jump in markets-related revenue following U.S. rate hikes, as well as from signs of a European economic recovery and some progress in Britain's plans to leave the EU.
Fixed income, currency and commodities trading revenue at BNP Paribas rose 32 percent to 1.17 billion euros, compared to a 24 percent rise across the big five U.S. banks, according to IFR calculations.
BNP Paribas also outpaced European and U.S. rivals in equities trading, which rose 36 percent, while its international financial services division was another big contributor, with pre-tax income rising 16 percent to 1.2 billion euros.
(Additional reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman and Alexander Smith)
Mark Carney, Governor of the Bank of England, speaks during a question and answer session with Reuters Global Editor Alessandra Galloni at a Reuters Newsmaker event in London, Britain April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Governor of the Bank of England Mark Carney delivers a speech at the International Fintech Conference in London, Britain April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Governor of the Bank of England Mark Carney delivers a speech at the International Fintech Conference in London, Britain April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said on Wednesday the financial technology sector did not need the same level of regulation as banks, in the latest sign of Britain seeking to cement its position as a global fintech hub after Brexit.
The fast-emerging fintech sector is shaking up financial services and forcing banks to make their operations leaner and cheaper, and to offer more innovative and user-friendly products so as not to fall behind.
Fintech already employs more than 60,000 people in Britain, providing services like contactless payments, banking apps and online crowd funding, a sector worth nearly 7 billion pounds ($8.75 billion).
The government sees the sector boosting growth and offering job opportunities, but uncertainty over Brexit is prompting some firms to rethink whether Britain is the best place for them.
Centers including Berlin and Luxembourg have been targeting UK fintech firms since last June's Brexit vote, and London-based fintech firm Transferwise told Reuters it would shift its European head office to the continent.
Carney's reassurances on regulation underscore a supportive attitude from the government, which is seeking to avoid stifling innovation and sending firms to lighter-touch countries.
Speaking at a government-sponsored conference in London to promote investment in fintech, Carney said the fastest changes were taking place with payment providers, and with companies that aggregated consumer data to provide price comparison and switching services.
"In their current form, these innovations are simply a new front end to the banking system where fintech providers take a slice of customer revenue and loyalty but none of the associated risks," Carney said.
"They have generally avoided undertaking traditional banking activities. So for now, absent a substantive change in business models or scale of activities, the Financial Policy Committee is unlikely to want to bring these firms into the regulatory perimeter."
NO RESTING ON LAURELS
Britain's Financial Conduct Authority said this week it saw no need for new rules for blockchain, the emerging technology underpinning bitcoin that is seen as having the potential to help make processes such as the settlement of securities transactions cheaper and quicker.
The FCA is hosting a summit on Wednesday to discuss what more regulators could do to help the fintech sector flourish.
Brexit provides a chance for Britain to forge a new role for itself in the global economy, finance minister Philip Hammond told the London conference, though it was important that Britain does not "rest on (its) laurels".
"If the UK is going to make the most of the freedoms it will have after leaving the European Union we have to build trade links with the fast-growing economies of Asia... and our economy must remain at the cutting edge, not just of fintech," Hammond said.
Berlin has already sent representatives to London to try to persuade UK fintech firms to relocate, saying they would be then guaranteed access to the EU market after Brexit in 2019.
Transferwise will move its European office to the continent by March 2019 to maintain customer links, its chief executive Taavet Hinrikus said.
"Uncertainty means that maybe if you're building the next fintech business you shouldn't build it in London today, until everything clears up again and we understand what's going to happen," Hinrikus said on the sidelines of the conference.
Gwyneth Nurse, a senior official in Britain's finance ministry, said she was confident that a free trade agreement with the EU would be negotiated in the timescale set out by Prime Minister Theresa May, including a period for firms to adjust.
(Additional reporting by David Milliken, editing by John Stonestreet)
* Nearly 16bn euros of debt to be sold at auction
* Debt sales from Italy, Ireland, Portugal and Germany
* Geopolitical tensions continue to dominate
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By John Geddie
LONDON, April 12 Yields on most euro zone government bonds edged up on Wednesday with nearly 16 billion euros of upcoming debt sales weighing on risk-averse, holiday-thinned markets.
After a number of days in which rising political and diplomatic tensions have put investors off riskier assets, analysts said debt sales from the likes of Italy and Portugal may prove challenging, especially just days before the Easter break.
On the flip side, steep yield falls in safe haven German Bunds suggest there should be demand for Berlin's sale of 10-year debt -- although recent auctions of both two- and five-year bonds have failed.
France is the focus of concern for European investors, with far left veteran Jean-Luc Melenchon surging up the polls to join another anti-EU candidate Marine Le Pen among the contenders for the presidency. The first round vote is on April 23.
Rattling nerves in broader markets, the Syrian conflict has put the United States on a collision course with Moscow, allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, while North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States.
"A veritable glut of government-bond issues will be appearing on what is a rather reluctant market: Italy, Ireland, Portugal and Germany will all be vying for the favour of relatively risk-averse investors," DZ Bank analyst Christoph Kutt said.
"With the market possibly showing a low level of receptiveness, it is quite conceivable that some price concessions will have to be offered at these auctions."
German 10-year yields - the bloc's benchmark - nudged back above 0.20 percent having hit a five-week low of 0.192 percent on Tuesday.
Yields on lower-rated bonds from the likes of Italy, Spain and Portugal were up 2-3 bps on the day.
Italy is set to offer up to 10 billion euros of four bonds on Wednesday, Ireland and Portugal will offer up to 1.25 billion euros in dual bond auctions, and Germany aims to sell 3 billion euros of Bunds. The auctions get underway from around 0900 GMT.
Analysts at Mizuho said there was lukewarm demand for bonds sold by the Netherlands and Austria on Tuesday and that countries selling bonds on Wednesday could see some underperformance.
Investors tend to sell bonds in secondary markets ahead of debt sales to make room in their portfolios for new supply.
"We are expecting a similar dynamic at play today with the large supply slate weighing on outright direction for Bund while countries with bonds on offer today should lag other euro zone government bonds," Mizuho said.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Corrects bullet to show Alphabet, not Apple hit record high)
* Q1 GDP up 0.7 pct vs. est. 1.2 pct rise
* Amazon, Alphabet hit record highs after results
* Intel's fall weighs on all three indexes
* Nasdaq on track for 6th straight monthly gain
* Dow down 0.14 pct, S&P off 0.15 pct, Nasdaq flat
By Tanya Agrawal
April 28 U.S. stocks were slightly lower in early afternoon trading on Friday after data showed the economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter.
Gross domestic product increased at a 0.7 percent annual rate, below the 1.2 percent rise estimated by economists, as consumer spending barely increased and businesses invested less on inventories. The economy grew at a pace of 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter.
Other data showed that the University of Michigan's final April consumer sentiment index was at 97, below analysts' expectations of 98.
"The U.S. consumer spending is the most sensitive part of the economy and the GDP data has shown a very disappointing number," said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets UK in London.
"We do anticipate that it is about time that we will see some reality check here."
The Nasdaq Composite opened at a record high, propelled by gains in Amazon.com and Google-parent Alphabet, and is on track to post gains for the sixth straight month.
Amazon rose as much as 3.4 percent to a life high of $949.59, while Alphabet gained as much as 4.9 percent to a record of $935.90 after their quarterly results beat estimates.
The S&P 500 and the Dow are also set to end the month in the positive territory as the corporate earnings season continues to impress.
Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.6 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
While strong earnings have kept the market at or near record levels, persistent geopolitical tensions surrounding North Korea and doubts whether the Trump administration will be able to pass its tax and healthcare plans in Congress have weighed on investors' minds.
President Donald Trump told Reuters in an interview on Thursday that a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
At 12:42 p.m. ET (1642 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 29.18 points, or 0.14 percent, at 20,952.15, the S&P 500 was down 3.59 points, or 0.15 percent, at 2,385.18.
The Nasdaq Composite was up 0.15 points, or 0 percent, at 6,049.09.
Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the telecommunications index's 0.91 percent fall leading the decliners.
Intel fell 3.4 percent to $36.17 after the company reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue. The stock was the biggest drag on the three indexes.
Baidu was down 5.2 percent at $178.21 after the Chinese internet company forecast second-quarter revenue largely below estimates. The stock was the second-biggest drag on the Nasdaq.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,774 to 1,051. On the Nasdaq, 1,882 issues fell and 858 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 35 new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 85 new highs and 32 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Fed's Dudley: bank may shrink balance sheet this year
* U.S. annual inflation rose most in five years
* Chicago PMI was stronger-than-expected (Recasts, adds comment, byline, details, data, table updates prices)
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK, March 31 U.S. Treasury debt yields were mostly lower on Friday after New York Federal Reserve Bank President William Dudley said the central bank was not in a huge rush to tighten monetary policy since the economy is not overheating. Yields on U.S. 30-year bonds were higher, however, because of rebalancing of portfolios by pension funds for month-end purposes, analysts said.
Investors have currently priced in two more interest rate increases in 2017 after the Fed hiked at its last policy meeting.
In an interview with Bloomberg TV, Dudley, a voter on the Federal Open Market Committee and a known supporter of low interest rates, said a couple more rate increases in 2017 seem reasonable but that there is no great urgency.
He also said the Fed could begin shrinking its $4.5 trillion balance sheet as soon as this year, earlier than what most Wall Street economists expect.
"What you saw in the short-term interest rate market initially was a bit of a dovish perception in response to Dudley's comments," said Guy LeBas, chief fixed income strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
However, Dudley's comments on shrinking the balance sheet, which the Fed official said was tantamount to raising rates, did steepen the yield curve, after a flattening trend the last two weeks.
The gap between the yields of shorter-dated and longer-dated Treasuries increased on Friday, with the spread between the two-year and 10-year rising to as much as 114.60 basis points, the steepest in a week.
The curve steepened because Dudley's comments suggested that by reducing its balance sheet, the Fed would sell some bonds or pause buying them, which should push rates on the long end of the curve higher, analysts said.
Friday's U.S. economic data was a mixed bag, with a report showing the largest annual increase in U.S. inflation in nearly five years. The personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index rose 2.1 percent year-on-year, the biggest such gain since 2012.
Factory activity in the U.S. Midwest for March, on the other hand, was more robust than expected, but consumer sentiment as measured by the University of Michigan eased this month. .
The net effect on Treasuries was still lower yields, except on U.S. 30-year bonds.
In mid-morning trading, 10-year notes were up 2/32 in price to yield 2.410 percent, compared with 2.418 percent on Thursday.
U.S. two-year note yields were at 1.265 percent, down from 1.286 percent late on Thursday.
The U.S. 30-year bond, meanwhile, was down 7/32 in price, yielding 3.038 percent, up from Thursday's 3.026 percent. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss)
AIKEN, S.C. (WJBF)- Wednesday, South Carolina governor Henry McMaster signed a bill into law that lawmakers hope will save lives.
“All the speeders in the work zones better watch out because the blue lights are going to be out there trying to save lives,” said South Carolina state Rep. Bill Hixon.
The Work Zone Safety law raises fines for speeding in a work zone, and 25 percent of money they get from those tickets will go back to DOT. They'll use it to hire off-duty officers and deputies to run their blue lights in work zones and discourage speeding.
“The law plainly states one or more people has to be working for it to be a work zone, and it has to be plainly marked showing that the work zone is in force and the signs are up,” Rep. Hixon said.
As Gov. McMaster signed the bill into law, he was surrounded by DOT workers and the families of Anthony Redmond and Robert Clark. They worked for the department and were killed on the job just a few months ago in Aiken County.
“It's bittersweet,” said Carla Rentschler, who was friends with them. “To have to take Tony and Robert's life to get a bill that was trying to be passed five years ago…it's bittersweet,” she said.
Rentschler's husband, son and brother all work for SCDOT.
“Since this happened, it's been on my mind every day,” she said.
Rentschler also says she thinks the bill could do more.
“I do think that the bill should be tougher,” she said.
One thing she suggested are portable speed bumps.
We asked state Sen. Tom Young about them.
“We've asked DOT to look at portable speed bumps because they're not extremely expensive from what I can tell, and obviously they're portable. So you can pick them up and move them,” said state Sen. Tom Young. “And SCDOT has told me today in fact that they are looking at that as an option.”
The law also makes it a crime to endanger the life of a highway worker.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Today's Lost 30 …
Sarah's incredible backyard, Tommy Igoe on the Secret Show, football, and Hooman and Bryn with long hair!
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!C
More than 2,000 jobs were saved through examinations during 2016, new figures from Baker Tilly Hughes Blake show.
The largest number of jobs were saved in the third quarter when Debenhams successfully exited the examinership process, preserving 1,415 jobs in the UK retailer.
Neil Hughes, managing partner at Baker Tilly Hughes Blake, said that today a “blend of different companies” are availing of the examinership proces, including occasional large businesses which harken back to the type of firm which pioneered the process when it was first introduced in Ireland in the 1990s.
“Interestingly, we also see indigenous mid-market businesses benefitting from the process,” he said.
Looking ahead to 2017, Mr Hughes said that the UK's intention to withdraw from the European Union should not prevent Irish companies from seeking new growth opportunities.
“Mid-market firms that are relying on international markets to sustain their growth are vulnerable, as are companies which are located at the border with Northern Ireland. However, we cannot afford for Irish business to stay on the side-lines while all this is resolved, or we risk being left behind. The more companies can think globally and cast broadly for new opportunities, the better insulated we will be from turbulence in Europe,” said Mr Hughes.
The incident took place a woman was going through a surgery after delivering a baby in a private hospital. The woman had a severe infection due to scissors, and she passed away 15 days after getting operated.The police have filed a case and started a probe against the accused doctor, after a complaint from the family of the deceased.As per the police officials, the probe shall be based on the reports of the ultrasound that were conducted after the surgery.Deputy Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Keshav Prasad Maurya has also expressed his regret for the grieving family and has ordered strict investigation.As per Maurya, if the doctor is found to be guilty, a strict action would be taken against him.The incident took place at Mother Child hospital, which is around 35 kms away from the city.No action has been taken against the accused doctor so far.
LAKE WACCAMAW, NC (WWAY) — Two days after water to the town was shut off for a short time because of a broken water main, the Town of Lake Waccamaw says things are back to normal.
According to a release from the town, lab analysis of water samples yesterday show the water is safe to drink. Residents no longer need to boil their water. The town has also rescinded a system pressure advisory.
- Advertisement -
The town had told residents water would be shut off for about six hours starting at noon Monday as crews fixed the water main break on Chaunceytown Road. It wound up taking crews longer than expected to get to the broken pipe. When they did, the water only had to be turned off for about an hour late Monday night.
April 5 Medtronic Plc
* Medtronic announces worldwide voluntary field corrective action for Newport HT70 and Newport HT70 plus ventilators
* Medtronic - notifying customers worldwide of a voluntary field corrective action for all its Newport HT70 and Newport HT70 plus ventilators manufactured since 2010
* Medtronic - voluntary field corrective action conducted following reports ventilator may reset spontaneously during normal operation, without accompanying alarm
* Medtronic - since Aug 2012, and of more than 14,000 ventilators in use, Medtronic has received 12 reports of reset without an accompanying alarm
* Medtronic Plc says no patient injury or impairment has been reported Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Ateme SA:
* Fy operating profit 2.2 million euros ($2.37 million) versus loss of 3.0 million euros year ago
* Fy net profit group share 2.2 million euros versus loss of 2.5 million euros year ago
* Hopes to have a 30 percent annual growth in the next two years
* Expects market expansion and a significant growth as of 2018
* Targets double-digit level of operational profitability from 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9301 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
CRASH CHARGES: Bundaberg traffic branch officer-in-charge Sergeant Marty Arnold said a 33-year-old man was charged with a string of traffic offences.
A 33-YEAR-OLD man spent New Year's Eve behind bars after he allegedly crashed into a parked car on Bourbong St, drove 40kmh over the speed limit and evaded police before being tasered.
Bundaberg traffic branch officer-in-charge Sergeant Marty Arnold said police allege the driver came to the attention of officers when he ran into a parked car in Bourbong St about 8pm on December 30 and fled the scene.
"He was spotted by a police vehicle further west of Takalvan St,” he said.
"He took off at high speed and crashed into a concrete culvert at which time he was located in Industrial Ave.
"He became aggressive and was tasered.”
Sgt Arnold said the man was charged with multiple offences including evading police, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle, speeding and obstructing police.
Police are also awaiting the results of blood tests and expect to lay further charges.
The man was remanded in custody and will appear in the Bundaberg Magistrates Court later this month.
The Arizona Cardinals and Philadelphia Eagles are familiar opponents — not only historically, but also recently. It will be the 117th regular season meeting between the two teams. It will be the 120th if postseason games are included.
In terms of recency, it is the sixth time in the last seven years and the eighth time in the last 10 years they have played one another.
Regardless of what happens on Sunday, the Cardinals will lead the all-time series. They hold a 57-54-5 advantage since they first played in 1935.
Arizona has won the last two contests and five of the last six.
The last time they faced one another, the Cardinals clinched the NFC West in Week 15 of the 2015 season with a 40-17 win. That was also the game when Tyrann Mathieu tore his ACL.
Cardinal fans hope only the former is history that repeats itself.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on iTunes or on Stitcher Radio.
April 27Xingmin Intelligent Transportation Systems Group Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 30 percent to 80 percent, or to be 36.4 million yuan to 50.5 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 28.0 million yuan
* Says increased demand and steady growth of automobile steel wheels business are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/UPJCcP
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Growthpoint Properties Australia Ltd :
* Property sales, gearing reduced
* Entered into contracts for sale of two assets in its property portfolio
* Proceeds from these sales will be used to pay down existing debt
* Growthpoint has also sold 29 business street, Yatala to a private investor for $10.65 mln
* Co has entered into agreements to sell capitalisation rate property to Centuria Property Funds for $106.25 mln Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Groundhog Club Inner Circle member Jeff Lundy holds a scroll revealing Punxsutawney Phil's forecast for six more weeks of winter. Phil's prognostication, which was delivered at about 7:20 am EST, was met with a mix of cheers and groans from thousands...more
Groundhog Club Inner Circle member Jeff Lundy holds a scroll revealing Punxsutawney Phil's forecast for six more weeks of winter. Phil's prognostication, which was delivered at about 7:20 am EST, was met with a mix of cheers and groans from thousands of revelers on Friday who gathered in the town of Punxsutawney about 80 miles (120 km) northeast of Pittsburgh. REUTERS/Alan Freed
Close
April 21 National Australia Bank Ltd
* group has changed its reporting to align to customer segments
* NAB will report results for the half year ended 31 March 2017 on 4 May 2017
* there is no change to group level financial information reported for the prior financial periods as a result of the organisational realignment
* change has resulted in 3 new australian reportable segments -business & private banking, consumer banking & wealth management,corporate & institutional banking Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss NEW YORK, March 29 U.S. Treasury debt yields inched lower on Wednesday in generally light volume, pressured by lingering uncertainty surrounding the Trump administration's economic policy. After the legislative debacle last Friday when President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans withdrew their own healthcare bill, investors worried about other reforms on his economic agenda that could get waylaid as well, such as taxes. Tom Simons, money market economist at Jefferies & Co in New York said politics remains a major driver in the Treasuries market. "We've moved on from the theme of Trump getting things done and a new paradigm for economic policy to what is even possible to get done," Simons said. "We don't have good news coming out of Washington yet. And until we do so, more and more doubt is going to be thrown into the outlook." Yields, though, picked up a little bit after Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans said on Wednesday he supports further rate hikes this year, given progress on the Fed's goals of full employment and stable inflation. Evans, a voter on the Federal Open Market Committee, has been one of the more consistent proponents of low interest rates. In mid-morning trading, benchmark 10-year notes were up 4/32 in price to yield 2.392 percent, down from 2.409 percent on Tuesday. Yields were down from a three-month high of 2.63 percent set two weeks U.S. 30-year bond prices rose 6/32 , yielding 3.003 percent, down from Tuesday's 3.013 percent. On the front end of the curve, U.S. two-year yields were at 1.277 percent , compared with 1.298 percent late on Tuesday. The yield gap between shorter-dated and longer-dated Treasuries continued its flattening trend, which has persisted over the last two weeks. On Wednesday, the spread between the two-year and 10-year were at 111.20 basis points, unchanged from Tuesday. A flat yield curve is often a sign of a looming slowdown. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Hope International University proudly announces yet another remarkable first for its fledgling baseball program in the 2017 season !
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• College
• Baseball
• Softball Industry:
• Sports Location:
• Fullerton - California - US Subject:
• Awards
Contact
Reyes Baca
***@hiu.edu Reyes Baca
End
-- Hope International University proudly announces yet another remarkable first for its fledgling baseball program in the 2017 season – a player selected in the First-Year Player Draft of Major League Baseball. Royals centerfielder Cameron Baranek (http://www.hiuroyals.com/roster/15/16/2480.php) (JR/Orange, CA) was chosen by the Miami Marlins (http://m.mlb.com/news/article/236187130/marlins-wrapup-of-day-2-of-2017-mlb-draft/) in the ninth round with the 269th overall pick."I'm just so thankful to God for everything He's done for me, and I could not be more grateful to the coaching staff and all my teammates for helping me along the entire way pushing me to always be better," Baranek shares of his career at HIU. "[What we did this year], it's a team effort, and we couldn't have gotten [as far as we did] in 2017 without everybody doing their part."(http://www.hiuroyals.com/article/1761.php)---Additionally, the Royals Baseball and Softball teams both earned several notable recognitions from the NAIA Conference in their 2016-2017 seasons.Baseball ( http://www.hiuroyals.com/ sport/0/16.php ) set a number of new career marks and season bests over the course of their second season, including their first conference title, their first NAIA Opening Round Championship, and the result of that Championship, a trip to NAIA World Series. The final NAIA Baseball Coaches' Postseason Poll ranked HIU #10 in the nation. And Cameron Baranek was named an Honorable Mention to the NAIA All-American Team (http://www.hiuroyals.com/article/1760.php). The team had ten fewer losses in their second season and fourteen more wins, pushing them to a 56-46-1 program record since the Royals' program began back on January 22, 2016.The Royals Softball (http://www.hiuroyals.com/sport/0/6.php)team finished their historic season with a program-best 30 wins against 17 losses after also setting the record for longest winning streak. The softball team had three players named NAIA All-Region in the 2016-2017 season (http://www.hiuroyals.com/article.php?articleID=1474):Alejandra Guillen, Crystal Cano and Justice Walker. Guillen is the first Royal to be selected as a First Team NFCA All-West Region player.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Toshiba Corp is seen behind a traffic signal at its headquarters in Tokyo, Japan January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Tuesday he did not want to comment on media reports that Toshiba Corp's (6502.T) U.S nuclear unit, Westinghouse, will file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Toshiba wants Westinghouse to file for bankruptcy as early as Tuesday, a source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters, seeking a quick ringfencing of losses before the Japanese parent's financial year ends.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
WASHINGTON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Republican U.S. Senator Susan Collins, whose support was crucial in passing the Senate tax reform bill earlier this month, said on Sunday she has not yet decided whether she will back the final measure negotiated by House and Senate leaders.
The moderate Republican from Maine has laid out conditions for her support of a final “conference committee” version of the tax proposal. They include assurances that federal Medicare payments will not be cut and that Republicans will support two separate health care bills aimed at reducing premium costs.
Republican Senate leaders worked hard to get Collins' support for the legislation, the largest change to U.S. tax laws since the 1980s that would slash the corporate tax rate.
The bill would lower the rate to as low as 20 percent, which Republican leaders say would encourage U.S. companies to invest more and boost economic growth. Democrats say the proposed cuts are a giveaway to businesses and the rich, financed with billions of dollars in taxpayer debt.
Collins' vote was important since the Senate approved the bill by 51-49 vote after an 11th-hour scramble. With Republican Senator Bob Corker voting against the bill, there is little margin for losing support.
“I‘m going to look at what comes out of the conference committee meeting to reconcile the differences between the Senate and House bill. So I won't make a final decision until I see what that package is,” she said on the CBS “Face the Nation” program on Sunday.
If Collins and Corker vote against the final tax bill, leading to a 50-50 tie, Republican Vice President Mike Pence would cast the winning vote. But if more than two Republican senators vote no, it would fail.
The House–Senate conference will hold an open meeting on Wednesday afternoon as it starts to reconcile differences.
Collins voted for the Senate's tax reform legislation after Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, promised to support legislation to prop up U.S. health insurance markets.
But last week The Hill newspaper reported that House Speaker Paul Ryan told his staff that he wasn't part of the deal that Collins brokered with Senate leaders.
Collins said she is “absolutely confident” of the leaders' support and both McConnell and Ryan have put in writing that they will not allow a 4 percent cut in Medicare payments to take effect.
“I have read in correspondence that memorializes the agreement that the 4 percent cut in Medicare that could go into effect will not go into effect,” she said.
She added that she has the support of President Donald Trump, with whom she has discussed the issue three times.
“I have no reason to believe that that commitment will not be kept,” she said. (Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Teachers say unhealthy food parents put into childrens' lunch boxes was one of the challenges faced and many were reluctant to be the "food police".
An Education Review Office report on good nutrition and physical fitness at schools found the challenges ranged from competitive parents on the sidelines to the food parents gave children to bring to school.
Early childhood centre teachers told the ERO one of the biggest challenges was unhealthy food in children's lunchboxes, and a reluctance to be seen as the "food police".
That was also a concern echoed at the primary and secondary school level, where leaders said the proximity of local dairies and takeaways were often visited by children "or parents provided unhealthy food for their children to eat at school".
Schools also reported parents' own sporting ambitions for their children could have the opposite effect - and put a child off.
"Parents could be competitive and have inappropriate expectations, and some behaved poorly on the sidelines of their childrens' sports games. This behaviour could be discouraging to some children and meant that coaches and managers were not able to give the children their full attention."
The ERO report was commissioned by the Government in 2015 as part of its anti-obesity strategy. It surveyed how well 202 early childhood centres, 46 primary schools and 29 secondary schools were dealing with good policies around food, nutrition and physical activity.
Food and nutrition is part of the school curriculum. Last week, Health Minister Jonathan Coleman and Education Minister Hekia Parata announced the appointment of Professor Grant Schofield as the Ministry of Education's first Chief Education Health and Nutrition Adviser.
Coleman said there were many initiatives under the childhood obesity strategy to help schools, such as Health Promoting Schools which involved the community. Many also had policies such as "water only" schools. However, regulating the contents of children's lunchboxes would be a step too far.
Continued below.
Related Content Gone but not forgotten: Banished Kiwi tuck shop treats How to keep those school lunches healthy Healthy eating 'encouraged' at NZ daycares, but disapproving letters unlikely to be dished out
He said it was up to childcare centres to decide how to approach the issue.
"I think once you're telling people what to put in their kids' lunch box, that's quite a step and some parents would find that offensive. I think there are ways of getting messages across rather than sending notes home saying 'don't send them in with a chocolate slice again'. It's actually a parents' prerogative to assemble a balanced diet for children."
Peter Reynolds, the chief executive of the Early Childcare Council, said it was a difficult position.
"Nobody wants to be seen as the food police. Nobody wants to send a note home in red ink telling parents they don't know how to feed their kids.
"But at the same time, most childcare centres will go out of their way to provide nutrition information to families so families have an understanding of what young pre-school age kiddies need to grow and develop."
He said many centres held seminars on affordable healthy food for parents. Some centres cooked for the children themselves, but changes to the Food Act meant more kitchens were closing down because of the extra administrative cost.
The report found secondary schools which put a high emphasis on competition in sports reduced the chances for other students to take part.
That was rejected by Secondary Principals' Association president Mike Williams, the principal of Pakuranga College, who said most schools tried to do both.
"You can do both. Yes, at the top end it is very competitive in secondary schools and some are very, very competitive.
But the majority of schools would be like our school - you want kids to be involved and you want students to try new sports."
The ERO report also found:
• While 87 per cent of early childhood centres were doing well on promoting good health, that dropped to 74 per cent of primary schools and 62 per cent of secondary schools.
• Work demands meant parents were not as involved in the school as in the past, leaving teachers under pressure to coach and manage sports teams.
• Senior secondary students said a lack of time due to study and social demands meant they did not play sports.
• Many schools contracted the tuck shop out to private providers which were "profit-driven" and "tended to be most interested in what would sell" rather than healthy choices.
Williams said most tuck shops offered healthy food and many schools had adopted policies such as banning soft drinks. However, they could not stop students buying from local dairies or takeaways.
Labour's education spokesman Chris Hipkins said it was understandable schools would contract out the tuck shop, but it would mean a decrease in quality.
He was also concerned at the finding students didn't have the time to participate in physical activity.
"It shows how 'high stakes' the pressure around NCEA has become."
CASE STUDY
One of the schools the ERO looked at was Kaiti School in Gisborne.
Nearly all students were Maori or Pacifica and it offered bilingual education in Maori and Tongan.
It got the tick from the ERO for its clear plan on health - and the board of trustees' decision to employ one fulltime sports leader and two part-time sports staff. It also subsidised fees for Saturday sports and specialist sports.
The sports leader mentored other teachers and all teachers took part in sports and physical education - including sessions on keeping safe in the surf, dancing and cycling.
- NZ Herald
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dohr (7-4) allowed five hits and four walks in seven-plus innings for his second straight victory after three consecutive defeats. The right-hander retired 8-of-9 batters in the middle innings before running into trouble in the eighth after a leadoff error.
Cody Campbell got a pair of groundouts to end the threat with the Bears scoring just one run and worked around a single in the ninth to post his first save.
Cumberland (23-24, 6-9 Mid-South) scored five runs in the first two innings in the second game to give Wullenwaber a healthy cushion, with Kevin Connolly leading off the game with a homer and Austin Krajnak plating a pair later in the first with a double. Caleb Kellogg's homer started the second inning and Hector Morales added a run-scoring double later in the frame.
Wullenwaber (5-3) stranded the bases loaded in the first and then set down 11-of-12 batters before an error in the fifth opened the door for Pikeville (20-20, 3-12) to get on the board. The Bears added a run in the sixth but got just a single in the seventh. The right-hander allowed eight hits with one walk and seven strikeouts for the win.
Kyle Allen and Bo Saunders each plated runs with singles and another run came across on a wild pitch in a three-run fourth inning in the opener, giving the Phoenix the lead. Connolly's sacrifice fly in the eighth added an insurance run for CU.
The early runs in the second contest helped Wullenwaber and Kellogg added a run-scoring single later in the contest. Morales finished 3-for-4 with two runs scored and Krajnak and Kellogg both collected two hits and two RBIs in the 7-2 victory.
Kay Vincent's solo homer in the second gave Pikeville a 1-0 lead in the opener and Dohr picked off Matt Peterson later in the inning to keep the deficit at one.
In the fourth Rayden Sierra led off with a single and Krajnak walked before an infield single by Nick Mira loaded the bases. Sierra scored on a wild pitch and with two outs, Allen singled through the left side, driving in a run, and Saunders followed with an infield single, plating another for a 3-1 CU advantage.
The Bears had base runners in every inning but the seventh against Dohr, but Josh Bailey was thrown out at the plate trying to score on a grounder in the first and was caught stealing in the third. Travis Haen bounced into a 5-4-3 doubleplay to end a threat in the fifth as well as Peterson's pickoff in the second.
Austin Voeller started the Cumberland eighth with a single and Allen walked with one out before another single by Saunders loaded the bases. Connolly's sac fly to center plated pinch-runner Riley Kleven for a 4-1 advantage.
Haen reached on an error to start the Pikeville eighth and went to second on a wild pitch. With one out Anthony Roberts doubled and Vincent walked, loading the bases. Jorge Perez's groundout to first plated Haen, but Peterson bounced out as well to end the inning.
Cumberland started quickly in the second contest, with Connolly homering to left to leadoff the game. Morales singled and Sierra walked before Krajnak's two-run double to left put the Phoenix ahead, 3-0, after a half inning.
The Bears loaded the bases with an error and two singles, but Wullenwaber struck out Perez and Peterson flied out to end the inning.
In the second Kellogg's homer to rightcenter started the frame and Saunders walked and went to second on a wild pitch with one out. Morales doubled down the leftfield line with two outs, plating Saunders for a 5-0 lead.
Cumberland added two more runs in the fifth when Morales singled to leadoff and came all the way around to score on three wild pitches. Krajnak singled with one out and stole second. Voeller then singled with one out and Kellogg's RBI single to center made it 7-0 Phoenix.
Wullenwaber ran into trouble for the first time in the game in the bottom of the inning, with Alex Barba reaching on a one-out error, but he was erased by a groundout. Bailey walked and Haen singled, loading the bases, and Justin Beatty followed with an RBI single, but Roberts flied out to end the inning without any further damage.
In the sixth Perez led off with a single and reached third on a pair of groundouts before an RBI single to center by Barba, but that was all for the Bears.
Cumberland will play host to Bryan College on Tuesday at 2 p.m. and head to Tennessee Wesleyan on Wednesday for a 2 p.m. CDT contest.
TORONTO, April 20 Canada's telecom and broadcast regulator ruled on Thursday that all data delivered online must be treated equally by internet service providers, a blow to large companies seeking to leverage either their own or other companies content to win customers.
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission specifically ruled that Quebecor Inc's Videotron can no longer offer music streaming services from the likes of Spotify and Google Music to some wireless customers without them counting against a monthly data allowance. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Denny Thomas and Diane Craft)
These five common contaminants are most likely to be found in California's drinking water. See what they are and how they impact the health of the people that consume the water that they contaminate.
While playing the spelling game “Hangman,” one of the students wrote out the n-word on the whiteboard. Other students could be heard laughing in the background.
yall thought i was playin? pic.twitter.com/QmrZp463wr — ?? dokes ?? (@johndokess) May 29, 2018
Welcome to Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania, where students play “Hangman” using racial slurs.
Hollidaysburg Area School District became the venue for racism after a racially offensive video emerged showing a teen spelling out the n-word on the white board.
On Tuesday, four underclassmen asked a teacher if they could use the classroom while their classmates watched a movie in another room, according to a local news outlet. The teacher granted them permission and kept an eye on the classroom from across the hall. However, she couldn't see what the students were writing from her line of sight.
The teens took the opportunity to act out their nefarious deed. While playing the spelling game “Hangman,” one of the students wrote out the n-word on the whiteboard. He was filmed by another student and laughter could be heard from the background.
One student shared the video on Facebook and claimed he knew who the teen in the video was.
“How does the school even let something like that fly or happen?” one student wrote on Facebook. “Truly disgusted. Anyone who knows who's in the video or had anything to do with it, report it to the school.”
According to the Altoona Mirror, one of the teens reportedly issued an apology on Facebook but the website was unable to independently confirm it.
“I have many black friends and I shouldn't have used that word. I'm a stupid kid and I was just trying to be funny. I know now that it is not funny and I'm very sorry to anyone offended by the post. It was a dumb mistake and was only to be pointed at one person. Which he is a very good friend of mine. I have no problem with any races. I am a lover of all people,” the unnamed teen reportedly said.
He also named another of his classmate on the post stating he had no idea he was being filmed and that he and his friend were now getting death threats.
Read More Teacher Bullies Summer School Student, Puts His Video On Snapchat
Hollidaysburg Superintendent Bob Gildea issued an apology to the community and condemned the racist video.
“The Hollidays­burg Area School District community is deeply disturbed by the offensive actions and related so­cial media posting, which ap­pears to have originated from one of our students,” Gildea said. “We have been in contact with local law enforcement and swift and appropriate action will be im­posed on those re­spon­sible. This behavior is an embarrassment to our students, staff and community, and we sincerely apologize for all who are offended by the abhorrent behavior of those involved.”
The superintendent also reportedly said the students are cooperating with the authorities, however, the trust between the students and teacher has been damaged.
“Students really need to realize the damage that can be done, not just to other people who are offended or affected by their actions, but also to their own personal future because things that are posted on the internet don't go away,” Gildea said. “There's the expectation in high school of responsibility. There's not going to be a teacher physically beside a student every moment of the day.”
He also said the students will face consequences for their actions but he could not divulge the exact punishment they will face. He also said the district will now consider placing tolerance training in their curriculum, initiate a parent-child group to discuss inclusiveness and hold assemblies to address the issue of racism.
Read More Teacher Adds Racial Slur To 6-Year-Old's Spelling Homework
Banner/Thumbnail credit: Pixabay
BEIJING April 6 Nissan Motor Co Ltd's premium brand Infiniti sold 67,367 vehicles globally in the first three months of 2017, up 18 percent from the same period a year prior, showed a press release seen by Reuters on Thursday.
Globally, Infiniti sold 28,406 vehicles in March, up 14 percent.
The brand's performance in the first three months of this year was led by its U.S. unit. In the United States, Infiniti sold 43,561 vehicles over January-March, up 33 percent. U.S. sales volume in March rose 33 percent to 18,266 vehicles.
In China, the world's biggest auto market on which Infiniti has focused to gain momentum, the brand sold over 10,000 vehicles, up 4 percent, in the first quarter of the year. Its sales increased 6 percent in March to 4,050 vehicles. (Reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu)
ConverterVid is offering the most effective, user-friendly and genuinely comprehensive YouTube to MP3 converter out there.
YouTube is without a doubt an incredible social platform that allows people from all over the world to really enjoy all sorts of videos of all kinds of genres. One way or the other, it is very easy to find any kind of clip – music, film, podcast – you just name it. And, of course, at times, we are eager to keep the music from YouTube videos, but it cannot be found anywhere else on the net. And does that necessarily imply that there is no other option out there?
Of course, it does not – you are going to be able to use different software solutions in order to convert the necessary YouTube videos into audio. And while there are plenty of different converters that are quite readily available on the net, odds are, you are going to be off searching for the ideal option and the perfect combination of top quality and affordable prices. ConverterVid is a one of a kind YouTube MP3 converter that does come with plenty of different features that will easily satisfy even the most refined needs and requirements. Unlike the vast majority of different similar solutions, the given YouTube converter is offering the fastest way to make the most from your YouTube videos and will convert them to the MO3 format within the very least amount of time possible. Hence, no matter how lengthy the video may be, regardless of what kind of quality you need from your MP3 files, do not hesitate to check out the above-mentioned option and you will definitely keep on coming back for more. The key here is just how easy it is to control the converter and how quickly it offers results.
Unlike many other converters that come with some hidden fees or perhaps some underwater stones that will hinder you from the experience, this converter will prove to be totally invaluable to you and your needs and within the very least amount of time possible. Hence, if you are genuinely eager to get that YouTube video into the MP3 format, this is the option that you should consider first.
About ConverterVid:
ConverterVid is a one of a kind online converter that will allow you to easily convert YouTube videos into the actual MP3 files that you will be able to listen to anywhere.
Contact:
Company Name: ConverterVid
Address: 474 Linden Bates
Email: agsantos6@yopmail.com
Phone: +1(757)-9447798
Website: https://convertervid.com/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Matt Willis has paid a sweet tribute to wife Emma on her birthday, which is also the anniversary of the day he proposed.
The Busted singer surprised the 41-year-old with a trip to Venice, Italy, in memory of the day he asked her to marry him in 2007.
The 34-year-old musician shared a snap of Emma smiling over a dessert, with the words "Happy Birthday" scrawled on the plate in chocolate, and wrote alongside the picture on Instagram: "11 years ago today I asked this amazing woman to marry me. She got all embarrassed and then said yes.
"It was hands down The best thing that I ever did. She is Rad! Life with her is Rad! Peace xxx."
(Image: PA)
Celebrity Big Brother and The Voice UK host Emma shared a message of her own.
Posting a picture of herself and Matt standing on a bridge, she wrote: "11 years ago today @mattjwillis surprised me with a birthday trip to Venice, where he proposed on this very bridge ... this afternoon he surprised me again, and here we are revisiting the scene of the crime.
"Thank you for asking me babe, it was the easiest decision I ever made..."
The couple married in July 2008 after dating for three years.
They have three children together - daughters Isabelle and Trixie, and son Ace.
A doctor helps a patient during his rehabilitation in a hospital south of Mosul, Iraq, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
A boy uses crutches to walk during his rehabilitation in a hospital south of Mosul, Iraq, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
A boy uses crutches to walk during his rehabilitation in a hospital south of Mosul, Iraq, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
A boy sits in his room during his rehabilitation in a hospital south of Mosul, Iraq, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
Iraqi Jamal Ahmed, 16, who lost his leg during the fighting in Mosul, attends a physiotherapy session at Red Cross Physical Rehabilitation Centre in Erbil, Iraq April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
A doctor helps a boy during his rehabilitation in a hospital south of Mosul, Iraq, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
Iraqi Ahmed Khalil, 65, who lost his leg during the fighting in Mosul, attends a physiotherapy session at Red Cross Physical Rehabilitation Centre in Erbil, Iraq April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
SOUTH OF MOSUL, Iraq Lying in a hospital bed, Iraqi student Ahmed Khalaf is close to despair after having lost a leg when rocket shrapnel hit him as he ran for his life from Islamic State (IS) militants in Mosul.
"Be strong, Ahmed, and have no fear," psychotherapist Karam Saad advises the 20-year-old Khalaf as he relates how his family had just set out from home to escape western Mosul's war zone three weeks ago, only for the rocket to crash nearby.
Khalaf is in now in a hospital south of Mosul but has lost contact with his father and brother, who were seriously wounded in the March 19 incident. The father and brother are in intensive care in different clinics in Erbil in the relatively peaceful Kurdish autonomous region 80 km (50 miles) from Mosul.
They are among 320,000 civilians displaced by the six-month-old battle for Iraq's second largest city, which U.S.-backed government forces are striving to wrest back from Islamic State jihadists who seized it in 2014.
Khalaf is struggling to come to terms with the fact doctors had to amputate his right leg above the knee. He was offered trauma support, something unusual in deeply conservative and religious Iraq, to help him cope with his new disability.
"The psychological sessions have helped me but these thoughts keep coming back about what has happened to me, to my father and brother. They keep coming and coming," Khalaf tells the psychotherapist.
"I can't think of my future right now. But, God willing, I can resume my life, continue my school studies."
The humanitarian group Handicap International has given counselling to Khalaf and more than 5,300 other displaced people from Mosul. It has also provided physical rehabilitation to almost 1,200 badly wounded people including amputees.
But with the battle entering its seventh month and around 400,000 civilians still trapped in the militants' fiercely defended last urban bastion in Iraq - Mosul's labyrinthine Old City, this is just the start.
"Facing a crisis of such scale, the humanitarian organisations may have difficulties in responding to all the needs," said Marlene Sigonney, the group's spokeswoman.
The idea of psychotherapy is relatively new in Iraq, where as in other conservative Arab countries people with emotional problems tend to seek help in a mosque or church, not a clinic.
"In Iraqi society, people are reluctant to deal with psychological issues," said Saad, who graduated from Mosul University before Islamic State overran the city. "They accept treatment only for the worst mental cases."
Apart from suffering from trauma, Iraqis who have lost legs or arms in war zones also struggle to get artificial limbs. At a specialist centre run by the International Committee for the Red Cross in Erbil, patients must wait two months for treatment.
The Erbil clinic is trying to recruit more specialists to help cope with an overflow of 210 cases from war-torn Nineveh province, of which Mosul is the regional capital.
One of those learning to walk again is Ahmed Ammar, a car mechanic and father of five who ran a garage in western Mosul.
"I opened the yard door and an IED (improvised explosive device) exploded," he said as he practiced with his new prosthetic leg at the Erbil hospital.
"They cut off my leg from the ankle and fitted a prosthetic leg but then I got gangrene and they cut off my leg further from the knee (down). Islamic State planted the device. They took my leg."
(Additional reporting by Hammuda Hassan; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses his supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum in the Black Sea city of Rize, Turkey, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas - RTX33UCE
ISTANBUL Turkey would welcome U.S. military action in Syria following a chemical attack that killed scores in Idlib province, and would be ready to assist if needed, President Tayyip Erdoğan was quoted as saying on Thursday.
Ankara has been a steadfast opponent of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and repeatedly called for his ouster.
But Turkey's military action in the country has so far focussed on sweeping Islamic State militants from its southern border and checking the advance of Syrian Kurdish fighters.
Western states as well as Turkey have accused the Syrian government of carrying out the gas attack on Tuesday that killed at least 70 people including at least 20 children.
"If a (U.S.) action will really be put forward, we are ready to do our part," the Daily Hurriyet newspaper quoted Erdoğan as saying, citing an interview with broadcaster Kanal 7.
A U.S. official said on Thursday the Pentagon and White House were in detailed discussions on military options in response to the attack.
Russia, which backs the Syrian government, has said the deaths were caused by a gas leak from a depot where rebel groups were storing chemical weapons, after a Syrian air strike.
(Reporting by David Dolan; editing by John Stonestreet)
It was previously confirmed that the film producer will plead not guilty to the charges.
Harvey Weinstein will not testify before the grand jury over sex charges on the advice of his lawyers.
The film producer was charged last Friday on two counts of rape and one of a criminal sexual act for alleged incidents involving two separate women.
Weinstein was due to face the grand jury – the panel convened by the Manhattan District Attorney which will decide whether to indict Weinstein – on Wednesday, but his lawyers have advised him not to appear.
They say the former movie mogul did not have enough time to prepare to testify, and that he only learned on Friday of the identities of the two women relating to the charges.
Harvey Weinstein was arraigned on rape and other charges (AP/Bebeto Matthews)
A statement issued on behalf of Weinstein's lawyer Benjamin Brafman said: “After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend him before the grand jury, Mr Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr Weinstein.
“The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day weekend and a deadline for his appearance set for Wednesday, 2pm.
“Our request for a postponement of his appearance before the grand jury was denied.
“Accordingly, Mr Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr Weinstein intends to follow the advice of his attorneys and not testify before the grand jury.”
The statement continued: “Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013.
“Finally, Mr Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr Weinstein.”
Weinstein, 66, appeared in court on Friday in New York in his first public appearance since facing numerous allegations of sexual misconduct.
He posted a one million dollar (£751,060) cash bail and agreed to wear an electronic monitor which tracks his movements 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
He also surrendered his passport and agreed to stay within the states of New York and Connecticut.
Weinstein, who has repeatedly denied allegations of non-consensual sex, intends to plead not guilty to the charges, Mr Brafman said outside court.
© Press Association 2018
JERUSALEM Israel took the unusual step on Monday of barring its citizens from crossing into Egypt's Sinai peninsula, saying the threat of attacks in the area inspired by Islamic State and other jihadi groups was high.
Minutes after the ban was announced, the Israeli military said a rocket was launched from the Sinai and struck southern Israel, causing no injuries.
The ban will be in effect at the Taba crossing at least until April 18, the end of the Jewish holiday of Passover that begins at sundown on Monday, said a statement issued by the Prime Minister's Office.
Thousands of Israelis usually cross the land border with Egypt during the holiday to visit resorts and beaches on the Sinai Red Sea coast.
Egypt declared a three-month state of emergency on Sunday after bombings of Coptic churches in Alexandria and the Nile delta city of Tanta which killed more than 40 people. Islamic State claimed responsibility for both incidents and warned of future attacks.
In the thinly populated Sinai, an Islamist insurgency has gained pace since Egypt's military toppled President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013, and militants have carried out deadly cross-border attacks on Israel in recent years.
Militants in the Sinai aim, the statement said, "to carry out terrorist attacks against tourists in the Sinai, including Israelis, in the immediate future".
The statement urged Israelis already in the Sinai to return home immediately, reiterating a travel advisory that Israel's Anti-Terrorism Directorate issued on March 27.
Israel signed a peace treaty with Egypt in 1979.
(Reporting by Jeffrey Heller; editing by Andrew Roche)
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 9 Sergio Garcia, trying to end two decades of major disappointment, got the final round of the U.S. Masters off to a bright start with a birdie on the opening hole on Sunday to move one shot clear of Justin Rose.
After a week of battling challenging weather from torrential rains to howling winds, golfers were greeted by ideal scoring conditions on Sunday, blue skies and a gentle breeze providing the perfect backdrop for some final round drama.
Garcia, playing in his 71st consecutive major, was quick to take advantage, rolling in a short birdie to go seven-under, while Rose, who is looking for a Green Jacket to go with his Olympic gold medal parred the opening hole.
The Spaniard and Englishman began the final round sharing top spot on the leaderboard, with American young guns Rickie Fowler and 2015 winner Jordan Spieth in hot pursuit.
Spieth, bidding to extend his incredible run of Augusta magic having finished no worse than second in all three Masters he has contested, was not able to immediately take advantage of the superb conditions, carding a bogey on the first to fall four back of the leader.
Ageless wonder 57-year-old Fred Couples, who won his only Green Jacket 25 years ago, inched his way into the contention with three birdies on his opening four holes to get to one under, six off the pace.
Four-times major winner Ernie Els playing in his 23rd Masters, took what could have been his final bow at Augusta National, signing off with six-over 78 leaving the South African rock bottom of leaderboard on 20-over.
With his five year exemption for winning the 2012 British Open about to expire, Els will not get an automatic invitation back to Augusta next year.
The Big Easy has not given up hope of playing in a 24th Masters but will have to now qualify for the tournament like every other golfer.
"This tournament was just not for me," said the South African, a Masters runner-up in 2000 and 2004. "But I have loved every minute of being here and I'll come back somehow.
"Maybe just to have a couple of beers." (Editing by Andrew Both)
As her hand touched Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern's pregnant belly, Chelsea Manuel immediately felt a twinge of regret.
"I thought ... 'oh my goodness, what did I do?'", the mum-of-seven said.
A parliamentary services' MP support worker who had only once, briefly, met Ardern before, Manuel touched the Prime Minister's abdomen as she formally welcomed her onto the marae at Ratana Pa last week.
Ardern, who is five months pregnant with her first child, was gracious, Manuel told the Herald on Sunday this week.
Advertisement
"She gave me a big hug and had a bit of a giggle and put her arm around me, and that's how we walked towards the marae, so I felt really comfortable that she also felt safe and comfortable with me doing that."
Ardern wouldn't comment, but it's something she will undoubtedly have to deal with again in the coming months. And midwives said she was far from alone in her experience.
The midwives said there was no excuse for unwanted touching — in fact, a police spokeswoman confirmed it could be investigated as assault, although she was not aware of any previous complaints — but they also said the desire to touch the baby bumps of expectant mums came, in most cases, from a place of love and a desire to connect with new life.
Chelsea Manuel touches Jacinda Ardern's belly as she welcomes the Prime Minister on to the marae at Ratana Pa.
That was why she touched the Prime Minister's belly, Manuel said.
Her culture and upbringing taught her to embrace and acknowledge others, including "babies in the tummies of their mothers", although she was not thinking that when she touched Ardern.
"It just happened. I didn't even think about it. I was just overwhelmed that we were so blessed to be in the presence of our Prime Minister, who for me is a really beautiful soul, and to know that she is now the carrier of such a treasure ... I was moved by my spirit, and also by being able to connect with her and with that beautiful baby that we were welcoming onto our marae as well.
"I'm so sorry if I have caused anything. I hope I haven't offended anybody."
Nga Maia Maori Midwives Aotearoa chief executive Jean Te Huia said she'd heard many stories from expectant mums of people touching their baby bumps without permission.
Pregnancy etiquette had been lost, Te Huia said, so people now felt they could make comments and questions about expectant mums' size, length of gestation or birth plans.
"People feel an intense interest in pregnant women and their puku and anything that's coming out of there. But does that really give you permission to touch somebody?"
Ardern is already popular — crowds of fans regularly surround her, some touching her, at public events.
Celebrities can well attest to the desire of others to touch the famous, including Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt star Ellie Kemper, who told American media she had been touched on the belly while pregnant.
Photo of Ellie Kemper as Kimmy Schmidt in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
"I don't know what goes through a person's mind, a stranger's mind, no less, when they think, 'Oh yes, your stomach is now something that belongs to me and I can touch it'."
CNN reported in 2013 that a Pennsylvania man could face harassment charges after twice touching the belly of a pregnant stranger, who complained to police.
Over the Atlantic, royal etiquette should protect the Duchess of Cambridge, pregnant with her third child, from unwanted touching.
Outsiders are supposed to limit touching of the Royal family to handshakes only, although several people, from Michelle Obama to two Australian Prime Ministers, have fallen foul.
Te Huia said in her 24 years as a midwife pregnancy had gone from something not especially visible, to something — thanks to more photos of pregnant bellies and more revealing clothes — much more visible.
"It's beautiful, it's how we've moved and I suppose, well, has that physical exposure of the tummy then given permission for people to say 'oh look, she's hapu and she's proud of it and there's her puku showing and we can touch it. Maybe that?"
She understood people's desire to connect with the excitement of a new baby, but permission was a must.
"I think generally they're coming from a sense of love and support."
New Zealand College of Midwives midwifery advisor Alison Eddy said she had experienced unwanted belly touching when pregnant herself, and as a midwife had heard many similar stories from other women.
"It can be complete strangers in public places. It's unacceptable. It does seem there's a public ownership in pregnancy, but it wouldn't be acceptable if you weren't pregnant."
A better way to support pregnant women was to offer congratulations and support.
If a woman realised someone was about to touch them without permission, she could turn away and, politely but firmly, tell the person no, Eddy said.
On question and answer website Quora, a poster said there could be social-evolutionary reasons for all members of a community to feel protective towards a pregnant woman, and to feel a pregnancy was a common social asset of the group.
Autonomy — a woman's right to be free of touching — was a more recent value, the poster wrote.
In the last six months the #MeToo movement for social change over unwanted sexual touching has also spread around the world, sparked by allegations of sexual misconduct by powerful Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein and dozens of other powerful figures.
University of Waikato clinical psychology training director Carrie Cornsweet Barber said she was not aware of any research on unwanted baby bump touching.
She didn't know why people did it, but thought some might sense the unborn baby was going to be a part of a community, and they wanted to connect with that.
"I do think usually it's well intentioned, so it is a sort of innate 'it takes a village and ok, now I'm trying to help you'. It doesn't necessarily come across as helpful."
She had not experienced unwanted touching while pregnant, but had heard stories from others.
"It's interesting, that experience that many people talk about, of becoming public property when you're pregnant. People intrude in a way, whether it's verbal or physical, that they wouldn't otherwise."
LOS ANGELES (AP) " E3, the annual Electronic Entertainment Expo, opened Tuesday in Los Angeles with thousands of video game enthusiasts, analysts and industry representatives in attendance to play and show off the latest technology that will soon be hitting store shelves.
The show at the Los Angeles Convention Center has typically only been open to those in the industry and media that cover it. But this year organizers allowed 15,000 members of the general public onto the show floor.
"This is like the Mecca of the gaming industry so to be here is like a huge honor to be able to come here and see what's going on and get the first glimpse of all the greatest stuff coming out," said Bob Lease, who traveled from Pennsylvania to attend the show.
Analysts say one of the biggest announcements this year came from Microsoft with the release of its Xbox One X, claimed to be the most powerful gaming console ever made.
Advertisement
It's intended to push the boundaries of gaming to make even more realistic visuals, said Ian Sherr, executive editor at CNET News.
"They're trying to make them look like almost real life," he said. "They want to be the video industry in the movie industry."
Aside from the usual advancements and sequels to long-standing games, virtual reality was again on display with what show organizers said was a more than 130 percent increase in exhibitors over last year's event.
"If they can make devices that can power virtual reality headsets well," Sherr said, "they're going to be on the cusp of a new technology that's really starting to take over the industry."
The expo runs through Thursday with about 60,000 people expected to attend.
(Adds a missing word in the first para)
OSLO, May 2 (Reuters) - ** Norwegian banks will launch on Thursday a new version of the mobile payment app Vipps, VippsGO, to provide more opportunities for organizations and businesses to sell their goods and services, bank DNB said in a press release on Tuesday ** In February more than 100 Norwegian banks agreed to develop Vipps electronic payments app in a bid to fend off competition from Nordic rivals and the likes of Facebook, Apple and Google ** Vipps allows individuals to make free money transfers up to a certain size, and can also be used to make online and in-store payments for goods and services ** Initially Vipps was developed by Norway's biggest bank DNB, which has a 52 percent stake
(Reporting By Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Nerijus Adomaitis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
So a bunch of people with nothing better to do keep trying to hack my site. I think it's finally locked down, but a bunch of my most recent posts have been deleted. Rather than try to restore a back up, I'm just going to let them go. Like a leaf on the wind…
.
Rafael Nadal will overtake Andy Murray to reclaim the world number one ranking next week after Roger Federer announced his withdrawal from the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati with a back problem.
Only Federer could have prevented the Spaniard from returning to the summit for the first time since July 2014, with Murray guaranteed to be toppled as he continues his recuperation from a hip problem.
The Scot, who lost to Marin Cilic in the 2016 Cincinnati final, will lose 600 points, meaning Nadal would usurp him even if the 31-year-old followed his big-name rivals in withdrawing from the tournament.
Nadal is the only player in the world's top six still standing in the Cincinnati event, with Federer now joining Murray, Cilic, Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka on the sidelines.
Apologising to Cincinnati fans in a statement, Federer said: “Unfortunately, I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week.”
Nadal could have reclaimed the world number one spot by reaching the semi-finals in Montreal last week, but fell to Denis Shapovalov in the third round.
While video game collecting is a popular hobby, video game art collecting is a more rarefied avocation. That's probably because there are so few pieces to go around. There are thousands of copies of Battletoads In Battlemaniacs for the Super Nintendo, but only one original painting of its box artwork—and that's owned by Dan, a 42-year-old accountant from Vancouver, British Columbia who's been hunting down original game art for the last decade.
Recently, he posted a massive bounty for one of his holy grails—he'll pay $100,000 for the original box art used on the NES game Contra. Yep, that's five zeroes.
In an age before high-res digital art and Photoshop, the covers of game boxes were painted by hand and photographed for the box cover. The paintings had to be done larger than the final product, so the original art is usually around 18 by 24 inches, with larger examples going up to about 20 by 30 inches in size.
Dan, who asked Kotaku not to use his last name over privacy concerns, began as a garden-variety game collector, at one point amassing a near-complete set of games for the Nintendo Entertainment System that were still sealed in the original shrinkwrap. That all changed, he said, when he bought his first pieces of art.
Advertisement
“At the time, it was thirty five hundred bucks or something for three pieces, and I'm sitting there thinking, oh my gosh, what have I done,” he said. “I got them in the mail and my jaw hit the floor. I couldn't believe the detail, and the color, and just how amazing they looked in person.” Soon, he was selling off the jewels of his game collection to pay for more art. In 2014, he traded his sealed copy of the rare NES game Stadium Events, one of the most desired acquisitions among game collectors and which at the time was probably worth about $30,000, in exchange for the original box painting for the obscure Taito game Panic Restaurant.
Ten years later, Dan says his collection includes “more than 50" pieces of original game art paintings, which encompasses not only the art from the front covers of boxes but also original art that was used in advertisements, magazine covers, and for other ancillary purposes. Games for which he owns the original box painting include Blades of Steel, Mechanized Attack, and Ren & Stimpy Time Warp.
Advertisement
While his collection spans many different genres and publishers, he says his two main passions are games from Konami and Capcom. The current highlight of his collection is the artwork from Capcom's Super NES game Mega Man 7, which he received in a bulk buy when he purchased 40 pieces of art at once. “The first painting in the first package was Mega Man 7 and I just sat there and stared at it for like half an hour. It was so fucking cool,” he said. “Really beautifully done, big, 20 by 30, key title, amazing-looking colors, and just oh my god, so awesome.”
Most of the challenge of collecting original video game art is just finding out where it is, if it even exists anymore. Today, there's a little more attention being paid to the artists who created these well-known works: There's an upcoming documentary about box art that Dan will appear in, and a fellow collector named Adam Harvey will show off his collection of Capcom box art at a retro gaming expo in Ohio later this year. But when Dan and the few other collectors interested in original art started trying to research it in 2008, there was nothing to go on.
Dan says he's spent the last decade diligently running down “as many leads as humanly possible,” and buying as many pieces as he can afford. Often, those leads end in disappointment, finding out for sure that the original artwork was destroyed. As a Konami fan, Dan wanted to track down the box art for the first Castlevania game, but his research led him to two conclusions—one, the box art was created in Japan; two, it was likely destroyed in the Great Hanshin Earthquake of 1995, which took out Konami's headquarters.
Advertisement
What was not destroyed, he found out, was the box art painting to another major Konami game on the NES: Contra. This was because the art used on the box wasn't created in Japan, but in Europe, by a British artist named Bob Wakelin. Wakelin did art for the publisher Ocean, which had licensed Contra from Konami for release on European computer formats under the title of Gryzor. It's Wakelin's Gryzor art (which, infamously, made heavy use of a still of Arnold Schwarzenegger from Predator for the main character's pose) that ended up on the cover of the U.S. version of Contra.
By the time that Dan tracked down Wakelin, he had “long ago” already sold off the original Contra art. Dan reasoned that meant it likely hadn't been destroyed. But the artist had no idea who he'd sold it to, and the trail ended there.
Advertisement
When Wakelin passed away earlier this year, Dan decided it was time to go public and say, in a post on the Nintendo-Age collecting forums, that he'd be willing to pay $100,000 for the artwork if the buyer were to step forward. (He says would-be sellers should contact him there under the user name “Bronty.”)
“It isn't necessarily about it being the pinnacle piece for me,” Dan says of the Contra cover. “It's just one where I know for a fact that at some point somebody somewhere had it… Unless that person who bought it took it and threw it in the garbage can, I have every reason to believe that it's still out there somewhere.”
Mar 5, 2017; Mexico City, MEX; Tyrrell Hatton plays his shot from the second tee during the final round of the WGC - Mexico Championship golf tournament at Club de Golf Chapultepec. Mandatory Credit: Orlando Ramirez-USA TODAY Sports
February 16, 2017; Pacific Palisades, CA, USA; Thomas Pieters hits from the third hole tee box during the first round of the Genesis Open golf tournament at Riviera Country Club. Mandatory Credit: Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 5, 2017; Mexico City, MEX; Tommy Fleetwood putts on the 14th green during the final round of the WGC - Mexico Championship golf tournament at Club de Golf Chapultepec. Mandatory Credit: Orlando Ramirez-USA TODAY Sports
European Tour players Thomas Pieters, Tyrrell Hatton and Tommy Fleetwood have accepted Special Temporary Membership of the U.S. PGA Tour for the remainder of the 2016-17 season, the U.S. tour said on Monday.
With a tied fifth finish at the WGC-Mexico Championship earlier this month, Belgian Pieters took his FedExCup points to 416, surpassing the points picked up by 150th-ranked player last season and making him eligible for the membership.
The 25-year-old, who was a captain's selection for Europe at the 2016 Ryder Cup, now owns 441 non-member FedExCup points after his tied 30th finish at the WGC-Dell Match Play in Texas last week.
England's Hatton and Fleetwood became eligible after top-10 finishes at the Arnold Palmer Invitational earlier this month.
With the special membership, the three are eligible for unlimited sponsor exemptions for the rest of the season.
The PGA Tour now has 88 international members from 23 countries outside the United States.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
A pedestrian suffered life-threatening injuries after he was hit by a vehicle close to a Walmart on Boulder Highway near Harmon Avenue, according to Metro Police.
Police said the pedestrian is at fault. He's a man in his 60s and is possibly homeless.
He was taken to Sunrise Trauma with critical injuries, Metro said.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
David Bell says Corby Town will head to Spalding United with a “positive mindset” tonight (Tuesday).
The Steelmen will be looking to build on a superb start to the Evo-Stik League South season after they hammered Romulus 5-1 at Steel Park.
They are set to be in for a good test against a Tulips side who began with a 2-0 victory at Stocksbridge Park Steels having lost to Witton Albion in last season's play-off final.
And while Bell knows his players are in for a good examination, he insists their approach will be the same tonight and throughout the whole season.
“It's going to be a really good test for us and we will have a very good idea of where we are after the game.
“But we certainly won't be going there to play for a draw or anything like that.
“We will go there with a positive mindset.
“I am realistic to know that we are going to lose football matches at some point.
“But, at the same time, we are going to be trying to win every game we play.”
The Steelmen look set to make the short trip into Lincolnshire with a full-strength squad to choose from.
“It was good because we had everyone fit and we came out of it with no injuries,” Bell said after the weekend success.
“We were able to get Jack McGovern and Phil Trainer off the pitch a bit earlier, which was good because they are both getting up to speed as far as fitness is concerned.
“It all added to a good day that I was delighted with.”
The ski season is officially underway with hundreds of snow lovers taking to the slopes of Mt Taranaki today to mark the first ski field opening of the winter.
Nearly 200 skiers and snowboarders descended on Manganui ski field, one of the smallest and cheapest in the country.
"First in the country, first in May, and I think we're also going to claim first in the Southern Hemisphere," Stratford Mountain Club President Rhys Williams said.
"Pretty lucky [I've] got a good boss, gave us the day off to come up and get the first ride of the season," another skier said.
One of the snow lovers hitting the slopes this winter is 81-year-old skier Peter Quinn.
"Most people don't do anything in the winter, just sit on their bums and do nothing. That's why the hospital is full of sick people," Mr Quinn said.
Mr Quinn has skied Manganui for more than six decades and is showing no signs of slowing down.
"This is the thing – [when] people retire, what do they do? You gotta do something - go for a walk in the rain."
Ski fields around the country are gearing up for a bumper season, with the beginner's slopes at Mt Ruapehu opening tomorrow.
Opportunity to adopt friendly, felines awaits those who live in and around Athens, TN.
Cats such as this will be available at Petsense in Athens, TN
Contact
Keith Sanderson
***@maxapooch.com Keith Sanderson
End
-- Monroe Country Friends of animals (MCFA) will exhibit adoptable cats at an adoption event at the Athens, TN Petsense store on Saturday April 29 between 12 noon and 6pm. The Athens Petsense store is located at 1511 S Congress Parkway.Per Keith Sanderson, MCFA Board Member, "The advantage to adopting a cat from us is that they are vetted, spayed or neutered, Feline/FIV tested, microchipped with registration, litter box trained, and have their appropriate vaccinations.Sanderson continues, "The shelter doesn't have the people power to be involved in adoption events such as the one that is being held at the Athens Petsense store. It is because of the hard work of the volunteers of MCFA who work at shelter adoption events and other activities and programs animal adoptions are increased and euthanasia rates are reduced since MCFA was founded."According to the Petsense web site, "Petsense helps to keep pets off the streets by hosting an in-store Sav-A-Pet kennel for cats in need and organizing regular adoption events for dogs."In addition to participating in adoption events sponsored by Petsense and other pet retailers, MCFA is also involved include: 2Chance Pals, Barn Cats, Food Pantry, Microchip Now, Pets for Patriots, SNAP, Sponsor a Rescue, and its Madisonville, TN Thrift Store.Those who live in and around Athens and who are considering adding a cat to their home are urged to attend this event.MCFA is a not-for-profit volunteer organization with 501(c) (3) status located in Monroe County, Tennessee.This group was created in 2004 by concerned citizens who recognized a dire need existing throughout the county for animal welfare. They consulted with the County's governing body and entered into negotiations with the Monroe County government. This led to the formation of a county-run animal shelter, which was approved by a narrow commission vote at the end of 2004.Since its founding it has helped rescue or adopt more than 22,000 animals in Monroe County.The main thrust of MCFA's mission is to support the Monroe County Animal Shelter both monetarily in animal rescue efforts and with hands-on assistance in the shelter. In addition, MCFA provides other community services through its volunteers' network.MCFA agreed to supplement the County shelter with additional funds, in-kind donations and volunteer resources to meet the daily requirements of supplies, medications and food. It provides tremendous enhancements to the shelter using its volunteer-staffed programs and initiatives. In addition to hands-on animal care and training at the shelter, MCFA takes educational programs into the schools, provides spay and neuter vouchers to local low-income pet owners (through its partnership with Spay Neuter Assistance for Pets [SNAP]) and promotes public awareness throughout the community. Today, MCFA consists of approximately 175 members, approximately 60 volunteers and a volunteer nine-member Board of Directors. It has no paid staff.
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
May 1 Entree Gold Inc
* At its shareholder meeting, shareholders voted 97.93% in favour of approving the spin-out of Mason Resources Corp
* Under terms of proposed spin-out each share of Entrée is exchanged for one new share of entrée and 0.45 of mason common share
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
* Trump says dollar is getting too strong
* Wells Fargo down on drop in mortgage banking revenue
* S&P tech sector looks to snap nine-day losing streak
* Indexes down: Dow 0.2 pct, S&P 0.16 pct, Nasdaq 0.01 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 13 Wall Street edged lower on Thursday and looked set to book losses for the third straight day as investors weighed earnings from big U.S. banks and President Donald Trump's comments on the strength of the dollar.
Wells Fargo's shares fell 2 percent, pulling down the S&P 500 and the financial sector, after the bank reported a big drop in mortgage banking revenue. Berkshire Hathaway's disclosure on Wednesday that it had cut its stake in the bank also weighed on the stock.
JPMorgan and Citigroup also slipped, despite reporting better-than-expected quarterly profits.
Bank stocks have retreated after a strong rally as investors fret over lofty valuations amid questions about Trump's ability to do good on his promises of tax cuts and simpler regulations after failing to get a healthcare bill passed.
The S&P 500 financial index slipped 0.3 percent, setting it up for the fifth straight day of losses.
At 12:28 p.m. ET (1628 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 40.94 points, or 0.2 percent, at 20,550.92, the S&P 500 was down 3.84 points, or 0.16 percent, at 2,341.09 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 0.68 points, or 0.01 percent, at 5,835.48.
President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the dollar "was getting too strong" and that he would like to see interest rates stay low.
Investors have sought safe-haven assets through the week amid geopolitical tensions in Syria and North Korea. A report of a massive bomb being dropped by the United States in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday added to uncertainty.
Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, led by a near 1 percent decline in the energy sector as oil prices fell.
However, the technology sector's 0.3 percent rise put it on track to break its nine day losing streak.
"Despite the rhetoric that comes out of any political event, if you have good economic data and decent earnings, (the market will) overcome the day-to-day dynamics of macro policy and political risk," said Nathan Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston Massachusetts.
A report from the University of Michigan showed that U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly strengthened in April as consumer optimism on current economic conditions climbed to its strongest level since November 2000.
Trading volumes are likely to be weak on Thursday ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,820 to 989. On the Nasdaq, 1,675 issues fell and 1,041 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed five 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 23 highs and 42 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* European stocks rise as risk appetite gradually returns
* Nikkei skids 1 pct as yen climbs to five-month peak
* Gold holds gains, U.S. Treasury yields at lows for the year
* Oil at highest in five weeks with eyes on OPEC
By Marc Jones
LONDON, April 12 Investors edged back into European stocks on higher oil prices and hopes of positive earnings on Wednesday, but gold, the yen and low-risk bonds all held at multi-month highs as geopolitical tensions from the Middle East to the Korean peninsula simmered.
The unease tarnished an otherwise brightening outlook for global economic growth and meant oil's best run since August went almost under the radar.
Wall Street's main S&P 500 and Dow Jones markets started fractionally lower and Europe's STOXX 600 halved it 0.5 percent morning gain to dash hopes of its best day of the month.
"It is a modest rebound," said Rabobank strategist Philip Marey. "We have discounted much of the news like the conflict between the Americans and the Russian on Syria and Trump's tweets on North Korea, so maybe it's time to move on."
It was by no means quiet though. Russian President Vladimir Putin said trust had eroded between the United States and Russia under President Donald Trump, as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria.
Wall Street's slow start was compounded by a lack of top tier economic data and as they kept moves tight ahead of the start of first quarter earnings season on Thursday.
While much of Europe was still in posititve territory, London's FTSE was back in the red. Japan's Nikkei had also slid 1 percent overnight as a rising yen weighed on exporters' shares.
Shanghai had also closed down 0.4 percent as China reported a slight slowdown in producer price inflation.
In contrast, gold climbed as far as $1,280.30 at one stage, its highest since Nov. 10, as was only a touch lower at $1,274.61 as U.S. trading loomed.
"A degree of uncertainty has found its way into previously seemingly bulletproof financial markets," wrote analysts at ANZ.
"There is clearly some nervousness out there, with tensions around North Korea ratcheting higher and adding to an already heightened geopolitical environment. Global cyclical assets have not yet responded, but that can't last."
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with Trump.
North Korea has warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of aggression as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the Korean peninsula - a force Trump described as an "armada". Japan's navy also plans joint drills with the U.S. force, sources told Reuters.
Trump said in a tweet that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
The bellicose language has dragged South Korean stocks and the won to four-week lows and caused jitters across Asia.
At the same time, Tillerson was in Moscow to denounce Russian support for Syria's Bashar al-Assad, raising the stakes in the Middle East.
A joint news conference by Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg was also likely to generate headlines.
YEN FADES
The yen, a favoured harbour in times of stress due to Japan's position as the world's largest creditor nation, also consolidated its recent gains having surged over 1.2 percent against the dollar on Tuesday.
The dollar huddled at 109.56 yen, having been as low as 109.35 at one stage. Dealers warned there was little in the way of chart support until the 200-day moving average at 108.72.
The euro remained soft too having dropped to its lowest in five months at 115.91 yen overnight. It had staged a brief rally but that gave way and it was back on track for its 12 straight session of losses, a record for the single currency. It was steadier against the dollar at $1.0602.
Political uncertainty in France added to the euro's woes as hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon surged in the polls ahead of the May presidential election.
All this unease boosted bonds with yields on 10-year Treasuries boasting their lowest close of the year on Tuesday. Yields were last at 2.29 percent and testing a hugely important barrier on the charts.
European yields began to sink again too having been prodded higher than around 15 billion euros of morning debt sales had weighed on risk-averse, holiday-thinned markets.
Wall Street's futures prices bobbed around as investors wagered on an upbeat earnings season, which kicks off this week with a handful of banks.
Analysts expect earnings for all S&P 500 companies to have risen 10 percent in the first quarter from a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Oil's winning streak got an added lift from reports Saudi Arabia was lobbying OPEC and other producers to extend a production cut beyond the first half of 2017.
Global benchmark Brent edged up 30 cents to $56.53 a barrel, while U.S. crude added 25 cents to $53.66. If sustained, this would be the longest stretch of gains since August 2016.
(Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Alison Williams)
New Delhi: India discard Yusuf Pathan has been included in 15-member Baroda squads for the upcoming edition of the Vijay Hazare Trophy. The 35-year-old returns to the squad after being ignored for Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
Deepak Hooda will lead the Baroda in the prestigious tournament
Yusuf Pathan has been out of action after BCCI handed him a retrospective five-month suspension for failing a dope test, which ended earlier this month.
The 35-year-old was recently grabbed by Sunrisers Hyderabad in the IPL auction for 1.9 crores. And, to get some match practice before the 11th edition of the Indian Premier League, the elder Pathan was expected to travel to Bangladesh to play in the domestic league but Baroda invited him for a fitness test which he cleared with ease.
Baroda will start their Vijay Hazare campaign against Karnataka on February 7.
Squad: Deepak Hooda(c), Atit Sheth, Rishi Arothe, Viraj Bhosale, Kedar Devdhar, Lukman Meriwala, Krunal Pandya, Dhruv Patel, Urvil Patel, Yusuf Pathan, Ninad Rathva, Vishnu Solanki, Swapnil Singh, Soaeb Tai, Aditya Waghmode
PARIS, Dec 10 (Reuters) - A ferry with more than 300 passengers on board has run aground in stormy weather in Calais harbour in northern France, radio station France Info reported on its website.
Pas-de-Calais prefecture could not be reached for immediate comment. (Reporting by Geert De Clercq; editing by Jason Neely)
MOSCOW Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that only the Russian people will choose who succeeds him as president, through the electoral process.
Russia will hold a presidential election in March next year. Putin has not said whether he will run or not, but is widely expected to go for what would be his fourth term.
"The president's successor will be decided by the Russian people only during a democratic election and by nobody else," Putin told a Kremlin meeting.
He was responding to a question from a veteran of the Soviet Union's campaign in Afghanistan who complained that a well known Russian senator was telling everyone that Vyacheslav Volodin, the speaker of the State Duma, the lower house of parliament, would soon be president.
Volodin, 53, is a former head of the presidential administration and enjoys a high public profile in his current job as speaker.
Most Russian analysts believe Putin, who has dominated the Russian political landscape for the last 17 years, will serve one last term before handing over to a successor in 2024.
(Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin; Writing by Denis Pinchuk; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
FILE PHOTO: The logo on the building of HSBC's London headquarters appears through the early morning mist in London's Canary Wharf financial district, Britain March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Boyce/File Photo
MADRID Spain's High Court is to question seven current and former Banco Santander bankers, including a current non-executive board member, as part of a probe triggered by leaks of tax information from HSBC's Swiss private bank.
The court said in a ruling published on Wednesday it had decided to summon the bankers after analysing documents provided by Santander and French bank BNP Paribas over the past year, as well as reports from Bank of Spain inspectors.
These documents and reports revealed funds were moved between Santander, BNP and HSBC, hidden from tax authorities, which could constitute money laundering, Judge Jose de la Mata said in the ruling on Wednesday.
Three current and former bankers from BNP Paribas's Spanish unit would also be summoned to the hearings which are set to begin on June 12, he added.
Santander, the euro zone's largest bank by market value, said in a statement it had complied with the law at all time and had actively cooperated with the court by providing all the documentation and information requested.
Representatives for BNP Paribas Spain declined to comment, while the bankers named could not immediately be reached.
The Spanish investigation is one of many by national tax authorities as a result of the leak in 2008 of client data belonging to HSBC's private bank by Herve Falciani, a former IT employee at the bank. France, Austria, Belgium and Argentina have launched their own investigations.
Falciani, a French citizen, has said he is a whistleblower trying to help governments track down citizens who used Swiss accounts to evade tax. In 2015 a Swiss court sentenced him, in his absence, to five years in prison for aggravated industrial espionage.
The High Court said it will question Ignacio Benjumea Cabeza de Vaca, former head of Santander's analysis and resolution committee and a current non-executive board member; Jose Manuel Araluce Larraz, former head of compliance; and five other current and former senior compliance officials at the Spanish bank.
Reuters was not immediately able to contact Benjumea Cabeza de Vaca, while Araluce Larraz did not reply to a message via LinkedIn.
The court also said it will question Jose Andres Fernandez Espejel, former head of compliance at BNP Paribas Spain, and two other senior compliance officials. Fernandez Espejel did not reply to a Linkedin message sent by Reuters.
Under the Spanish legal system people can be named as formal suspects until a more detailed investigation is carried out.
Between 2005 and 2008, HSBC's Swiss private bank channelled almost 74 million euros ($81 million) through Santander to pay clients at other banks, according to the court ruling. The transfers had stopped by 2010, after the banks began to request identification from people making and receiving transfers.
(Editing by Julien Toyer, Alexander Smith and David Evans)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People in Sandwell are one-and-a-half times more likely to have been diagnosed with young-onset dementia than those elsewhere in England, shocking new figures reveal.
However, with young-onset dementia likely to be underdiagnosed, experts suggest higher diagnosis rates could mean more cases are being spotted, which may help those with the disease to access better support.
Figures for 2017 from Public Health England show 4.5 people in 10,000 in the local authority area had been diagnosed with dementia before the age of 65, based on indirectly age-standardised prevalence rates, which take into account variations in the age makeup of an area.
This is one of the highest rates in England and 1.5 times higher than the England rate of 2.9 per 10,000 people.
How bad is the picture locally?
People aged under 65 make up 5.3% of all people living with dementia in Sandwell, one of the highest proportions in England.
Birmingham has a prevalence rate of 3.2 per 10,000 people.
Separate figures from NHS Digital, based on GP patient lists, show the proportion of people aged under 65 who have been diagnosed with dementia in the Dudley CCG has risen from 2.6 per 10,000 people on GP lists in April 2016, to 3.7 per 10,000 in January 2018.
As of January 2018, there were 95 people living with young-onset dementia in the Dudley CCG.
In Sandwell and West Birmingham CCG, the rate of people diagnosed has fallen from 3.3 per 10,000 in April 2016 to 3.2 per 10,000 in January 2018, with 160 people living with the disease at the start of the year.
Dementia is a degeneration of the brain that causes a progressive decline in people's ability to think, reason, communicate and remember, while their personality, behaviour and mood may also be affected.
Across England, there were 43,000 people with young-onset dementia in 2017, 3% of all people who have been diagnosed, according to the Public Health England figures.
According to Young Dementia UK, the actual figure could be higher because of the difficulties of diagnosing the condition and might be closer to 6-9% of all people with dementia.
What do the experts say?
Dr Janet Carter, who is on the Young Dementia Network steering group, said that while there has been a push to improve diagnosis for those over 65, more needed to be done ensure there were accurate figures for the number of younger people with dementia in order to ensure the services for them are available.
She said: “We're definitely missing a significant proportion of people.
“We know that it can take up to four years for them to get a diagnosis and sometimes it's because of the way the disease is presented compared to in later life, and a significant proportion are misdiagnosed and they may be in other mental health services diagnosed with depression or psychosis.”
Dr Carter said getting a diagnosis is a gateway to other services, such as support for the person with dementia or their families, as well as treatment, and having accurate prevalence rates for young-onset dementia means services that better meet their needs, as most care is focused on older people, such as day centres, while young people with dementia may be fit, active and still working.
Figures from NHS Digital, based on GP patient lists, show the proportion of people aged under 65 who have been diagnosed with dementia in England has risen from 2.9 per 10,000 people on GP lists in April 2016, to 3.1 per 10,000 in January 2018.
Separate figures from Public Health England show wide variations in age-standardised prevalence rates across the country, from 6.2 diagnoses per 10,000 people in Stoke to 1.1 per 10,000 in Camden.
What do Alzheimer's Society say?
Gavin Terry, policy manager at Alzheimer's Society said: “For people in the UK with younger onset dementia, we know getting a diagnosis can be problematic, and it can vary from region to region for a myriad of reasons.
“Sometimes medical professionals are not aware that dementia can affect younger people. And they have different symptoms, such as personality changes rather than memory loss. This means they can be misdiagnosed with depression or anxiety. Also with NHS resources so restricted, in certain areas it may be harder to get appointments and therefore harder to get a diagnosis. Some GPs may not see the benefit of giving a diagnosis of dementia, perhaps because of a lack of local support services or the limited treatments available.
“Without a diagnosis, people can't access vital support and treatment – this is particularly vital in younger people as they are more likely still to be working, have heavy financial commitments such as a mortgage, and possibly have dependent children or older parents of their own to care for.”
What are the risk factors?
People with young onset dementia are more likely to be diagnosed with rarer forms of dementia and are more likely to have a genetically inherited form of the disease. Prevalence rates for young onset dementia in black and minority ethnic groups are higher than for the population as a whole and people with a learning disability are at greater risk of developing dementia at a younger age - studies have shown that one in ten people with a learning disability develop young onset Alzheimer's disease between the age of 50 to 65.
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 14 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday:
MILAN, April 20 Italian oil refiner Saras cleared in the first quarter of this year the debt it owed Iran for oil bought before sanctions were imposed, general manager Dario Scaffardi said.
The total amount of debt the refiner owed Iran was 400 million euros, the company said.
It paid off last year a large part of the money owed.
International financial sanctions on Iran were lifted last year after a deal over nuclear weapons development, though banking ties remain restricted.
Saras used to take a significant part of its feedstock from Iran before the embargo. It has resumed shipments since. (Reporting by Stephen Jewkes)
March 29 MediaTek Inc:
* Says its subsidiary will fully acquire Airoha Technology at T$110 per share
* Says Airoha Technology will stop listing on Emerging Market after the acquisition
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/LtXb38; goo.gl/6SmNSO
Further company coverage: and (Beijing Headline News)
April 6 Orix Corp
* Says it repurchased 4.9 million shares for 8.28 billion yen in total from March 1 to March 31
* Says this was part of the share repurchase plan announced on Oct. 26, 2016
* Says it accumulatively repurchased 6.5 million shares for 10.89 billion yen in total as of March 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/qqSiVA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
April 5 Inventergy Global Inc
* Inventergy Global Inc - on March 31, 2017, co, units entered into first amendment to restructuring agreement - Sec Filing
* Inventergy Global Inc - amendment provides co has until April 30 to obtain required approvals to assign patents covered by restructuring deal to newly-created SPE
* Inventergy Global Inc - amendment suspends co's minimum liquidity covenant until May 1, 2017
* Inventergy Global Inc - amendment also defers any amortization payments on notes held by fortress until May 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW, April 3 Surveillance cameras in St Petersburg's metro system may have captured images of the person suspected of organising Monday's deadly train blast, Russian news agency Interfax quoted a source as saying.
"Images of the suspected organiser of the metro blast were captured on metro station cameras," the source said.
The explosive device may have been left in a briefcase in a metro train carriage, the source added. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; Writing by Sujata Rao)
BEIJING May 3 All sides should exercise restraint and return to the correct path of talks as soon as possible to resolve issues on the Korean peninsula, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday, state media said.
PARIS May 3 European spot power prices for day-ahead delivery dipped on Wednesday hit by flat demand and an increase in wind and nuclear power availability in Germany and France respectively.
* The French baseload power price for Thursday delivery fell 3.5 euros or 7.53 percent to 43 euros ($46.91) per megawatt-hour (MWh).
* The German contract for Thursday delivery slid 3.18 percent to 32 euros/MWh.
* Electricity demand in Germany is seen flat at 68.5 gigawatts (GW) on Thursday compared with the previous day. In France, consumption is expected to fall slightly by 220 megawatts (MW) day-on-day to 54.2 GW, Thomson Reuters data shows.
* Average temperature is expected to rise by 0.6 degree Celsius in France, and will fall by 0.4 degree in Germany.
* On the supply side, electricity production from German wind turbines will rise sharply by 5.2 GW on Thursday to 16.2 GW, the data shows. Solar power availability will fall by 1.4 GW to 4.2 GW.
* In France, nuclear power supply will rise to 74 percent of capacity from 71.86 percent the previous day following the restart of EDF's 1,300 MW Goldfech 1 reactor after an unplanned outage.
* French wind power production will rise by 830 MW to nearly 2 GW day-on-day, adding bearish pressure on prices.
* Along the power forward curve, the German Cal '18 benchmarks fell 0.34 percent to 29.40 euros/MWh alongside coal and carbon prices, while oil and gas rose.
* The equivalent French power contract was untraded at its closing price of 35.65 euros/MWh.
* Dec' 17 expiry EU carbon fell 1.57 percent to 4.38 euros a tonne, while coal prices cif North Europe for 2018 slips 0.83 percent to $66 a tonne.
* In eastern Europe, the Czech day-ahead contract, which mirrors the German spot, fell by 4.42 percent to 31.35 euros/MWh , while the year-ahead position dipped 1.01 percent to 29.55 euros/MWh. ($1 = 0.9167 euros) (Reporting by Bate Felix; editing by Susan Thomas)
Israel's internal security agency Shin Bet on Monday said it had arrested a diplomatic official accused of smuggling weapons into Gaza.
A statement from the intelligence service said the suspect, a French citizen, had used a consulate vehicle to sneak 70 pistols and two assault rifles past security checks at the Erez crossing, on the border between Israel and Gaza.
Diplomatic vehicles are subject to less strict security checks.
Read more: Rafah crossing to Egypt opens for (some) Gaza Palestinians
Shin Bet said the suspect was believed to be part of a Palestinian network that aimed to sell the guns on to arms dealers in the territory. The agency said the smuggling had taken place over recent months.
A history of the Middle East peace process UN Security Council Resolution 242, 1967 United Nations Security Council Resolution 242, passed on November 22, 1967, called for the exchange of land for peace. Since then, many of the attempts to establish peace in the region have referred to 242. The resolution was written in accordance with Chapter VI of the UN Charter, under which resolutions are recommendations, not orders.
A history of the Middle East peace process Camp David Accords, 1978 A coalition of Arab states, led by Egypt and Syria, fought Israel in the Yom Kippur or October War in October 1973. The conflict eventually led to the secret peace talks that yielded two agreements after 12 days. This picture from March 26, 1979, shows Egyptian President Anwar Sadat, his US counterpart Jimmy Carter and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin after signing the accords in Washington.
A history of the Middle East peace process The Madrid Conference, 1991 The US and the former Soviet Union came together to organize a conference in the Spanish capital city of Madrid. The discussions involved Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, and Palestinians — not from the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) — who met with Israeli negotiators for the first time. While the conference achieved little, it did create the framework for later, more productive talks.
A history of the Middle East peace process Oslo I Accord, 1993 The negotiations in Norway between Israel and the PLO, the first direct meeting between the two parties, resulted in the the Oslo I Accord. The agreement was signed in the US in September 1993. It demanded that Israeli troops withdraw from West Bank and Gaza and a self-governing, interim Palestinian authority be set up for a five-year transitional period. A second accord was signed in 1995.
A history of the Middle East peace process Camp David Summit Meeting, 2000 US President Bill Clinton invited Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to the retreat in July 2000 to discuss borders, security, settlements, refugees and Jerusalem. Despite the negotiations being more detailed than ever before, no agreement was concluded. The failure to reach a consensus at Camp David was followed by renewed Palestinian uprising, the Second Intifada.
A history of the Middle East peace process The Arab Peace Initiative, 2002 The Camp David negotiations were followed first by meetings in Washington and then in Cairo and Taba, Egypt — all without results. Later the Arab League proposed the Arab Peace Initiative in Beirut in March 2002. The plan called on Israel to withdraw to pre-1967 borders so that a Palestinian state could be set up in the West Bank and Gaza. In return, Arab countries would agree to recognize Israel.
A history of the Middle East peace process The Roadmap, 2003 The US, EU, Russia and the UN worked together as the Middle East Quartet to develop a road map to peace. While Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas accepted the text, his Israeli counterpart Ariel Sharon had more reservations with the wording. The timetable called for a final agreement on a two-state solution to be reached in 2005. Unfortunately, it was never implemented.
A history of the Middle East peace process Annapolis, 2007 In 2007 US President George W. Bush hosted a conference in Annapolis, Maryland, to relaunch the peace process. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas took part in talks with officials from the Quartet and over a dozen Arab states. It was agreed that further negotiations would be held with the goal of reaching a peace deal by the end of 2008.
A history of the Middle East peace process Washington, 2010 In 2010, US Middle East Envoy George Mitchell convinced Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to agree to and implement a ten-month moratorium on settlements in disputed territories. Later, Netanyahu and Abbas agreed to relaunch direct negotiations to resolve all issues. Negotiations began in Washington in September 2010, but within weeks there was a deadlock.
A history of the Middle East peace process Cycle of escalation and ceasefire continues A new round of violence broke out in and around Gaza late 2012. A ceasefire was reached between Israel and those in power in the Gaza Strip, which held until June 2014. The kidnapping and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June 2014 resulted in renewed violence and eventually led to the Israeli military operation Protective Edge. It ended with a ceasefire on August 26, 2014.
A history of the Middle East peace process Paris Summit, 2017 Envoys from over 70 countries gathered in Paris, France, to discuss the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians. Netanyahu slammed the discussions as "rigged" against his country. Neither Israeli nor Palestinian representatives attended the summit. "A two-state solution is the only possible one," French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said at the opening of the event.
A history of the Middle East peace process Deteriorating relations in 2017 Despite the year's optimistic opening, 2017 brought further stagnation in the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. A deadly summer attack on Israeli police at the Temple Mount, a site holy to both Jews and Muslims, sparked deadly clashes. Then US President Donald Trump's plan to move the embassy to Jerusalem prompted Palestinian leader Abbas to say "the measures ... undermine all peace efforts." Author: Aasim Saleem
Suspect was Jerusalem-based
A spokesman for the French Embassy in Tel Aviv said it would cooperate with Israeli authorities. It said the suspect was a member of the consulate-general in Jerusalem.
"We take this case very seriously and we are in close contact with the Israeli authorities," said an embassy spokesman.
Read more: US Embassy move to Jerusalem could spark 'third intifada'
Palestinian militants and Israeli troops have fought three wars over Gaza since 2008, when the Hamas-controlled enclave became subject to an Israeli blockade.
Weapons have long been smuggled into Gaza through tunnels, which are also used to hide from Israeli bombardment and for attempted attacks on Israel.
Israel has embarked on an operation to destroy all such tunnels and build a subterranean wall that would be impossible to penetrate.
rc/rt (Reuters, AFP, AP)
A civil defence member breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
ANKARA The suspected chemical attack in Syria's northwestern Idlib province killed more than 100 people, Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Wednesday, without saying where the death toll number came from.
A suspected Syrian government chemical attack in Idlib killed scores of people, including children, on Tuesday, a monitoring group, medics and rescue workers in the rebel-held area said, but casualty numbers have varied since.
While the Syrian military denied responsibility, several Western countries, including the United States, have blamed the armed forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for the chemical attack that choked people to death in the town of Khan Seikhoun in a rebel-held area of northern Syria on Tuesday.
Erdoğan, one Assad's most steadfast critics who have repeatedly called for his ouster, also called the Syrian president a "murderer".
"More than 100 people were killed by chemical weapons in Idlib. Hey, murderer Assad...how will you account for this?," Erdoğan said at a rally in the northwestern province of Bursa.
Earlier on Wednesday, Turkey said it had reminded Russia and Iran of their responsibilities in preventing violations of an ongoing ceasefire in Syria by making representations at the Russian and Iranian embassies in Ankara.
Russia, which backs Assad, denied the Syrian president was to blame for the attack, and said it would continue to support him.
The United States, Britain and France on Tuesday proposed a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning the attack, but Erdoğan demanded that the international community, namely the United Nations, be more critical on the matter.
Turkish Health Minister Recep Akdag said that around 30 people had been brought across the border to Turkish hospitals for treatment as of Tuesday. In a later statement, the health ministry said three of those in hospitals had died while 29 were still in treatment.
If confirmed, the incident would be the deadliest chemical attack in Syria since sarin gas killed hundreds of civilians in Ghouta near Damascus in August 2013.
Following the 2013 attack, Syria joined the international Chemical Weapons Convention under a U.S.-Russian deal, averting the threat of U.S.-led military intervention and agreeing to give up its toxic arsenal for destruction.
The UN and the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) found, however, that it continued to use chlorine, which is widely available and hard to trace, in so-called barrel bombs dropped from helicopters.
(Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by David Dolan)
In the Alabama Republican Senate race, every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump.
But in Tuesday's primary, the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president, while it's the incumbent, an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff, who has Trump's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's favorite candidate.
That's the conundrum of the Republican contest, largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore, a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice; Sen. Luther Strange, appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Rep. Mo Brooks, who's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president's attacks against the Senate's top Republican have intensified recently.
Moore has consistently polled atop the field, and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff. His ads sound downright Trumpian, promising to "drain the swamp" and taking a swipe at D.C. elites.
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too. He first gained national notoriety when he refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order; Moore himself was then removed from his position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003. He won election to the same post again in 2012, but was then suspended after he ordered judges to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution. He resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange.
To state observers, it's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be his typical conservative base in the state.
"Alabama voters supported Trump because he spoke his mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government," said Brent Buchanan, a GOP strategist and pollster in the state. "Out of all the candidates, Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics. You may not agree with all of his policy or personal preferences, but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes."
That's why it was so, well, strange last week when Trump tweeted out his support for Strange, saying the incumbent has his "complete and total endorsement!"
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC. The very next day after endorsing Strange, Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Strange has tried to prove his loyalty to the president ever since he was appointed under less than auspicious circumstances. As Alabama's attorney general, Strange was investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for misuse of his office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions. Facing impeachment, Bentley eventually resigned, and the new governor, Kay Ivey, moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term.
Polling done in the wake of Trump's surprise endorsement showed that the president's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange. One by cygnal, Buchanan's firm, conducted partly after the endorsement, showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables, Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit.
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday, which could be key in what's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair.
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange.
However, although he's slipping in polling, Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore. He's hitched a "Ditch Mitch" banner to his campaign bus in the final days, and in his closing ad he echoes Trump's frustration with McConnell's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal.
"McConnell and Strange are weak, but together we can be strong," Brooks says. "Mr. President, isn't it time we tell McConnell and Strange, 'You're fired?'"
Ultimately, the Huntsville-area congressman hasn't had the resources the other two candidates have had, and he hasn't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange. And, perhaps most damaging, he was certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year, during which he supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. McConnell's super PAC has pointed that out in ads, saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.
If Strange does fall short of the runoff, University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart, a longtime political observer in the state, said that's a big problem for McConnell. And, if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff, expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange, too.
"The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell, as the president says, hasn't been successful at pushing through the president's agenda, " Stewart said. "If Strange doesn't make the runoff, that's a definite blow to McConnell," more so than Trump.
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff, and that's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given his surprising endorsement. Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts his muscle behind Strange later, and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost.
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though, they'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election, even if it's the more controversial Moore. Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, though he could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr., a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family.
If Moore is the GOP nominee, it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart, the former University of Alabama professor, said is doubtful, and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South.
"Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here," Stewart said. "I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner."
April 10 Premier League leaders Chelsea cannot afford to become complacent during the title run-in and must target victories to stay clear at the top, manager Antonio Conte said ahead of his side's trip to Manchester United on Sunday.
Chelsea's 3-1 win over Bournemouth on Saturday helped them maintain a seven-point lead over second-placed Tottenham Hotspur but the latter's run of six consecutive wins has put the leaders under increasing pressure to pick up points.
"It's important now in every game to try and take three points, including at Old Trafford. We know this game will be very tough but we are in good form and the players have the right confidence," Conte told British media.
Conte believes Tottenham has an easier game this weekend as they host 15th-placed Bournemouth and the Italian also knows that fifth-placed United will be keen to prove they can both beat the leaders and keep up their fight for a top-four spot.
"If you compare these two games -- we face United away and Tottenham face Bournemouth at home -- I think that it's easier for Tottenham to take points in their home stadium," Conte said.
"I think Manchester United for sure will have good motivation because they are playing against Chelsea... We know our schedule is not easy.
"We are having a good season but we want it to become a great season. To become a great season and to write history you must win."
Chelsea have beaten United twice this season with a 4-0 win at Stamford Bridge in October and a 1-0 win in an FA Cup quarter-final last month but last won a league game at Old Trafford in 2013. (Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
Feb 2 (Reuters) - SES-IMAGOTAG SA:
* FY REVENUE EUR 153.0 MILLION VERSUS EUR 176.9 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FY EBITDA EUR 5.5 MILLION VERSUS EUR 16.6 MILLION YEAR AGO
* NET INCOME OF -EUR20 MILLION INCLUDING A NON-CASH IFRS2 EXPENSE OF -EUR10 MILLION
* THE GOAL IS TO SEE A RETURN TO GROWTH FROM 2018
* GOAL IS TO CAPITALIZE ON THE MANUFACTURING COOPERATION WITH BOE TO INCREASE PROFITABILITY
* AVAILABLE CASH AT YEAR END WAS €38.5 MILLION, VERSUS €33.3 MILLION AT THE END OF 2016. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
March 29 Omnova Solutions Inc:
* Omnova Solutions continues year-over-year earnings growth in 2017 first quarter
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.05
* Q1 earnings per share $0.08
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.05 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says net sales for q1 were $174.6 million, about even with last year's $175.3 million
* "Expects adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in fiscal 2017" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Lippo China Resources Ltd :
* Subscriber has sold an aggregate of s$7 million (equivalent to approximately hk$38.5 million) worth of t1 cn b to two transferees
* Transferees now hold s$3 million and s$4 million worth of t1 cn b respectively
Source text (bit.ly/2ooIGXd)
Further company coverage:
Feb 2(Reuters) - Jiangsu Huasheng Tianlong Photoelectric Co Ltd
* Says it and sub-subsidiary signed equipment and accessories sales contracts worth 32.7 million yuan in total, with a Shenzhen-based technology firm, during period from Aug. 18, 2017 to Jan. 30
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/S37rx5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ALGIERS Algerian armed forces have foiled an attempted suicide bomb attack in the northeastern city of Constantine, with one attacker killed and a second arrested, a security source said on Thursday.
The military operation on Wednesday evening came just a few weeks after Abu El Hoummam, a senior member of the local affiliate of the Islamic State was also killed in Constantine, the country's third largest city.
Islamist militants have carried out or attempted several attacks on security targets in Constantine in the past few months including the shooting of a policeman in a coffeeshop by three gunmen on October 2016.
A suicide bomber tried to attack a police station in Constantine in February, but he was shot before he could enter the building.
Attacks and bombings have become less common in Algeria since the end of a 1990s war against armed Islamists in which more than 200,000 people died. Some militants entered into an armistice, but hardliners stayed in the mountains.
Al Qaeda's North Africa branch, Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb or AQIM, and small brigades of Islamic State-allied militants are still active, mostly in remote mountains and the desert south.
Algerian troops have been tracking Islamic State-allied militants since the Caliphate Soldiers, a splinter group linked to fighters in Iraq and Syria, kidnapped and beheaded a French tourist in 2014 in mountains east of Algiers.
(Reporting By Lamine Chikhi; editing by Patrick Markey and Ralph Boulton)
May 2 Famous Dave's Of America Inc
* Famous Dave's of America accelerates refranchising strategy
* Says plans to focus solely on its franchisees
* Says to accelerate refranchising of its 33 company-owned restaurants over next 12 to 24 months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Debanjan Bose)
Greece set to get cash to pay bills, but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG, June 15 Greece's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills, but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later.
Emilygrene Financial
Contact
Christopher Razo
***@emily-grene.com Christopher Razo
End
-- Announced as part of ongoing continuous growth efforts throughout 2017, clean energy installer Emilygrene Corp. introduces today Emilygrene Financial.Emilygrene Financial is described by the company as a new and essential tool for businesses nationwide to move forward with energy efficiency upgrades and take advantage of any of their integrated services easily and affordably. Financial offerings will include 100% project financing for any budget ranging from $3,000.00 to $5,000,000.00 as well as structured monthly payments that can provide positive cash flow.According to CEO Burke Ewers, "This has been an exciting year for us and it only keeps getting better. We have so often heard feedback from prospective customers that cash flow is the only thing standing in the way of 'going green.' We understand and want to show businesses through Emilygrene Financial that not only are these projects affordable but also profitable."Emilygrene Corp. first unveiled Emilygrene Financial in June with an online brochure published to their resource website Emilygrene Blog. The brochure highlighted key benefits including overcoming budget constraints, an average payback within 5 to 7 years, and bundled charges to "conserve working capital and preserve credit lines.""Our goal first and foremost is to ensure that our services match the needs of our clients and leave a positive impact within the green energy movement," Ewers continued. "We are confident that Emilygrene Financial will succeed in doing both by making green energy retrofits and upgrades a reality."Financing options through Emilygrene Financial are available now for projects completed through Emilygrene Corp. More information is available via e-mail at finance@emily- grene.com or online by visiting www.emilygreneblog.com/finance.Burke Ewers is CEO and member of the board of directors for Emilygrene Corp. with over 15 years experience in the energy industry. Emilygrene Corp. is a provider of clean energy and energy efficient technology for facilities across the United States, located at 2247 Lindsay Way in Glendora, California.
Nottinghamshire businesses looking for export, trade and investment opportunities in the Far East are invited to meet with Chinese firms as part of an exclusive trade summit.
There will be 60 Chinese firms at the event, which is being held at Nottingham Conference Centre on June 26.
The summit is the first major outcome of the Friendship Agreement between the Zhejiang Province and Nottinghamshire County Council, which was signed in April this year. It will see one of the largest inbound business delegations ever to visit the county.
Among the business sectors being represented in the delegation are -
Energy, renewables and environmental protection
Chemicals
Electronics and ICT
Commerce and logistics
Textiles
Processing and manufacturing
Services and security
Construction and housing
Tourism and culture
The event is being hosted jointly by Nottinghamshire County Council and the China Council for the Promotion of Investment and Trade (CCPIT).
As well as providing an opportunity to meet individual companies, representatives from CCPIT will be on hand to talk about the wider trade opportunities in Zhejiang.
Councillor Kay Cutts, leader of Nottinghamshire County Council will join Sir John Peace, chairman of Midlands Engine, and Robert Mayo, vice president of East Midlands Chamber, as keynote speakers at the event.
Councillor Cutts said: “Our partnership with Zhejiang is opening the door to lucrative new opportunities for Nottinghamshire businesses in China and is supporting our own aspirations for economic growth and job creation in the county, both right now and post Brexit.
“The large delegation coming to Nottinghamshire this month covers a diverse range of sectors – all keen to do business with local companies. I would urge Nottinghamshire businesses not to miss this fantastic opportunity.”
The event, which takes place between 9am and 2pm, is free of charge for Nottinghamshire businesses, but places must be pre-booked by visiting the China-Britain Business Council website www.cbbc.org/whatson/events/
The event is being jointly organised by CCPIT (Zhejiang) and Nottinghamshire County Council with support from various other organisations.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Action Fraud, the UK's fraud and cyber-crime reporting centre, have issued a warning over cold calls and online contact from fraudsters who are offering victims the opportunity to apply for Government grants for an advance fee.
The grants look legitimate thanks to the fraudsters having set up bogus companies and convincing looking websites that claim to be operating on behalf of the UK Government.
Fraudsters cold call businesses and individuals offering the grant and if they're interested direct them to fill out an online application form with their personal information.
Once the fraudsters have this information they will get in touch with the victims to obtain identification.
The scammer then instruct the grant ‘recipient' to get a pre-paid credit card to deposit their own contribution to the fake Government grant scheme.
Fraudsters will then ask for details of the card and copies of statements to in order for them to add the grant funds- then stealing the money that has been loaded by the victim onto the credit card.
Action Fraud are advising anyone receiving one of these calls to hang up immediately and report it to them, via https://www.actionfraud.police.uk/report_fraud.
April 5 Kopin Corp:
* Kopin enters into partnership agreements to meet the coming demand for oled micro-displays for virtual reality and augmented reality
* Kopin Corp - agreement with Yunnan Olightek Opto-Electronics for oled deposition to "meet near-term production needs"
* Kopin - agreement with BOE group and Yunnan Olightek Opto-Electronics to establish high-volume facility for manufacturing oled micro-displays
* Kopin Corp - oled deposition line is expected to be ready for volume production by end of 2017
* Kopin Corp - under terms of agreement, Kopin will be entitled to 50pct of new line output Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Kevin Kisner tees off on the third hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Kevin Kisner transformed his game three years ago and turned himself from a battler into one of the world's best golfers.
He has risen to 25th in the world rankings without much fanfare, but his relative anonymity will change if he continues to blow away the field at the PGA Championship, having taken the second-round clubhouse lead at eight-under 134 on Friday.
Kisner realised in his first two years on tour that he was not good enough to compete with the world's best, so he went back to the drawing board with coach John Tillery and focused on improving his long game.
“I was never a great ball striker. I came out here and saw how well other guys hit it and I was like, ‘I've got no chance the way I'm hitting it',” said the 33-year-old from nearby South Carolina after his second successive 67 at Quail Hollow.
“I knew if I ever got confident in my ball-striking I could win, because I'm competitive and pretty good around the greens. Once I started seeing results with the long game, then I had a great year in (2015).”
Kisner now has two PGA Tour victories under his belt, and four other playoff losses, but he entered the PGA Championship without a great record in his 11 previous major starts.
“I've been upset with how I've played in the majors so far... but every year you learn more about how to approach them... They are not much fun unless everything is working out for you.”
SOUTHERN BOY
Kisner fits the stereotypical image of what the Americans call a 'good 'ol southern boy', enjoying hunting and fishing with his buddies when he's back home -- and not talking about golf.
“I love my core group of friends at home that they don't ask me why I made a bogey on the last hole that cost me 20 grand or anything like that. They don't pester me about golf and we just hang out and have a couple of beers on the back porch.”
Kisner, whose brother-in-law is a founding member of Quail Hollow, still lives in the unglamorous town where he was born, Aiken, South Carolina, just across the border from Augusta, Georgia.
“When I was playing mini-tours and was broke, that's the only place I could afford to buy a house and I went back there,” he said, adding he had no plans to move. “I love it.”
As he sleeps on Friday night pondering his lofty position, Kisner knows the job is far from done.
“The next step is competing and winning major championships. I think a big step is just understanding that no lead is safe.”
(Adds analyst quote)
SANTIAGO, April 13 Chile's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points, to 2.75 percent, at its monthly meeting on Thursday, and moderated its expansionary bias.
In a poll of analysts published by the bank on Tuesday, a majority expected the bank to hold the rate steady this month, but forecast the bank would cut it by 25 basis points in May. A sizeable minority, however, expected an April rate cut.
In a note following the decision, the bank said it would consider additional easing. That represents a slight modification of the bias from the previous decision in March, when the bank said current market conditions could make such easing necessary.
"In order to ensure the convergence of inflation to the (3 percent) target, the Board will evaluate the need for some additional increase in monetary impulse," the bank said. "Bringing that about will depend on the medium-term inflation outlook."
Nathan Pincheira, an analyst at Banchile, said there is room for additional easing, even as the bank's bias is approaching neutral.
"I think the bias has been moderating in the last three decisions. Now, it's almost neutral, but the next movement will of course be expansive," Pincheira said. "There's space for another cut based on what's happening with prices."
The central bank has now cut the interest rate a total of 75 basis points this year. Cooling inflation has given policymakers in Chile, the world's top copper exporter, room to address the nation's sluggish economy.
(Reporting by Gram Slattery and Felipe Iturrieta; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 13 Invivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp :
* It intends to amend its protocol for inspire study to include an additional arm - SEC filing
* Invivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp says plans to submit amended protocol to United States Food And Drug Administration in Q2 of 2017 - SEC filing
* Invivo Therapeutics Holdings - additional arm is in order to gather baseline and outcome measures on thoracic, complete spinal cord injury patients
* Invivo Therapeutics - estimates that 20 to 40 additional patients will participate in additional arm; arm to have no impact on timeline for inspire study Source text: (bit.ly/2nIgYI9) Further company coverage:
Canada's Shaw Communications Inc (SJRb.TO) reported a 13.3 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Wednesday, as it added more wireless customers and said Alek Krstajic would be stepping down as chief executive of its wireless unit.
Shaw did not have a wireless business before the acquisition of Wind Mobile in December 2015 for C$1.6 billion. The unit was rebranded as Freedom Mobile and added 33,582 postpaid customers in the second quarter ended Feb. 28.
The company on Wednesday also named Paul McAleese as chief operating officer of its wireless unit.
Calgary-based Shaw's net income fell to C$147 million, or 30 Canadian cents per share, from C$164 million, or 32 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier.
The company's quarterly expenses rose to C$764 million from C$649 million, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company earned 30 Canadian cents per share, in line with the average analysts' estimate. Quarterly revenue rose to C$1.30 billion from $1.15 billion.
U.S.- and Toronto-listed shares of Shaw jumped over 4 percent in morning trading.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Lee Jae-yong (C), vice chairman of Samsung Electronics, arrives to be questioned as a suspect in a corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of President Park Geun-Hye, at the office of the independent counsel in Seoul on February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jung Yeon-Je/Pool
SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) said on Friday it paid Vice Chairman Jay Y. Lee, the third-generation leader of Samsung Group [SAGR.UL], 1.135 billion won (819,844 pounds) in the fourth quarter of 2016, disclosing his compensation for the first time.
Lee is currently on trial for bribery, embezzlement and other charges amid a corruption scandal that led to the ouster and arrest of President Park Geun-hye. He became a board member in October as part of a broader initiative to improve corporate governance for the smartphones-to-biopharmaceuticals business empire, and his salary was published alongside other members.
The compensation disclosure, made via a regulatory filing, only applies for payments Lee received following his appointment to the board, and Samsung declined to comment on how much he was paid prior to the appointment - including whether he made more or less in preceding quarters than what was disclosed for the fourth quarter.
The 48-year-old executive's compensation package includes 476 million won in wages equivalent to three months' pay from October through December. A Samsung spokeswoman told Reuters that Lee chose not to receive any pay from Samsung Electronics following his Feb. 17 arrest.
South Korean companies are required to disclose compensation for executives who sit on the board and are paid at least 500 million won on an annual basis.
Chief Executive Kwon Oh-hyun was the top earner among the executives who sit on the board with a total compensation of 6.698 billion won. That compared with Apple Inc (AAPL.O) counterpart Tim Cook's 2016 compensation of $8.7 million.
The compensation disclosed by Samsung is a very small fraction of Lee's net worth. According to Forbes, Lee is South Korea's third-richest person with $6.4 billion in total wealth that is mostly based on his stakes in Samsung affiliates such as Samsung C&T Corp (028260.KS) and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS).
Co-Chief Executive Shin Jong-kyun, who overseas the company's mobile and network businesses, saw his 2016 compensation fall to 3.986 billion won from 4.8 billion won a year earlier. The businesses under his remit oversaw the costly collapse of the fire-prone Galaxy Note 7 smartphones in October.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Randy Fabi and Christopher Cushing)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Shenzhen Zowee Tech Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to decrease by 47.2 percent to 94.7 percent, or to be 0.5 million yuan to 5 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (9.5 million yuan)
* Comments that client and product structure adjustment is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/j7AKte
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Ambase Corp
* Ambase reports results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Optimism on iPhone 8 has attracted foreign funds
* Imagination Technology crash may be warning for Apple suppliers
* Taiwan investors will anxiously follow Trump-Xi meetings
By Faith Hung and Nichola Saminather
TAIPEI/SINGAPORE, April 6 Taiwan's stock market has risen almost 20 percent over the past 15 months but gains have slowed recently as investors drawn by anticipation of the iPhone 8 pay more heed to risks previously dismissed.
With about one-third of its stocks - including heavyweights Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) and Hon Hai Precision Industry - dependent on Apple Inc., Taiwan is vulnerable to sharp declines if the U.S. company turns away from the island for its major suppliers, or if the iPhone 8 doesn't meet expectations.
A fate similar to Imagination Technologies' 70 percent plunge on Monday after Apple's decision to drop the UK company as a major supplier cannot be ruled out.
Export-dependent Taiwan could also see its fortunes reversed should U.S. President Donald Trump impose a border tax on imports, or if he labels the island a currency manipulator.
A bad turn in Taiwan's mercurial relations with China, its largest trading partner, could also make investors flee.
"So far the market has ignored the protectionist threat and has focused on good aspects of Trump economic policy," said Frank Benzimra, head of Asian equity strategy at Société Générale in Hong Kong, who has moderated his bullish stance on Taiwan this year due to concerns about U.S. policies and rising valuations.
TRUMP-XI MEETING
As many Taiwan companies have production facilities in China, investors will closely watch the first meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping later on Thursday.
Trump has said he expects the meeting to be difficult given his belief China has taken advantage of U.S. trade policies.
"Trump's protectionism could force Taiwan's supply chain to move to the U.S or raise their capital expenditures, without actually expanding their market very much," said Tom Wu, chief investment officer of global investments for Yuanta Funds in Taipei. "That would put pressure on their earnings."
Taiwan had Asia's strongest foreign fund inflows in January and February but was overtaken by India and South Korea in March, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The inflows helped lift the Taiwan dollar about 6.7 percent this year, making it the region's best performer after the Korean won.
The currency's strength poses a potential problem for the island's exporters, but Taiwan's central bank has been reluctant to intervene, not least because of the threat of being labeled a currency manipulator by the U.S. in a report on trading partners' currency practices due this month.
Foreign interest in some technology stocks "has driven part of that currency appreciation," said Oliver Lee, investment director in Hong Kong at Old Mutual Global Investors, who is underweight tech stocks including TSMC. "But then, there is that underlying threat of Trump labeling them a currency manipulator."
Despite the risks, some fund managers remain optimistic, continuing to accumulate shares of TSMC and other Apple suppliers.
"The story of the year is the iPhone 8 supply chain," said Jeff Chang, chairman of Cathay Securities Investment Trust, Taiwan's largest fund house. "Our funds will continue to add these shares."
(Reporting by Faith Hung and Nichola Saminather; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
White Island's Crater Lake is back - and scientists say it could be thanks to an extra helping of rainfall from recent cyclones.
A GeoNet monitoring team visited the offshore Bay of Plenty volcano last week to find its famous sulphur-green, highly acidic lake had reappeared in the active crater area.
The lake's temperature, which has hovered at around 50C in the past, was a "relatively cool" 27C, GNS Science volcanologist Brad Scott said.
The monitoring team was able to take the first sample of the lake since August last year, as well as survey ground deformation, measure fumarole and vent temperatures and sample springs, as part of a three-monthly check.
Advertisement
The seismic record on Saturday at White Island. Photo / GeoNet
Temperatures at the volcano's dome vent had fallen from 157C in December to 128C, and fumaroles had cooled slightly from 144C to 138C.
Scott said seismic activity on the island had been low in recent months, although there was a sequence of small earthquakes near the island over the weekend.
The largest was magnitude 3.3 at 11.37am on Saturday.
"We have not detected any changes at the island related to these earthquakes," Scott said.
"White Island is always capable of a new eruption at any time, often without any useful warning.
"We continue to monitor the volcano for possible renewed activity."
It followed an unrelated sequence of small volcanic earthquakes beneath Mt Ruapehu that scientists have been observing since March 15.
The Wahianoa seismic record showing the small volcanic earthquakes. Photo / GeoNet
They could not be located by GeoNet's automatic earthquake detection system but the pattern of seismic recordings indicated a source beneath the summit area, duty volcanologist Yannik Behr said.
He said volcanic earthquakes were a sequence of discrete volcanic earthquakes but they could evolve into a more continuous seismic signal, which would then be called volcanic tremors.
Behr said the crater lake was also warmer than usual and had been at an elevated temperature since August.
The lake was sitting at 39C - only 5 per cent of temperature measurements since 2009 were equal or greater than that.
It was not unusual to see volcanic earthquakes during phases of increased heat input into the lake, he said.
"Similar episodes were observed during April 2016 and September 2017 but did not result in an increase in volcanic unrest.
"The Volcanic Alert Level, therefore, remains at 1 and the Aviation Colour Code at Green."
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
LAGOS, April 5 Former Nigerian oil minister Diezani Alison-Madueke has been charged with money laundering, the country's financial crimes agency said on Wednesday.
Alison-Madueke, described as "at large" on the charge sheet, was accused of bribing members of the National Electoral Commission (INEC) before the 2015 national election, according to a statement by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission.
She was not present to enter a plea when the charges were read out at the Federal High Court in Lagos.
(Reporting by Alexis Akwagyiram; editing by John Stonestreet)
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Domestic violence victims in Birmingham are being sent as far away as Manchester amid a "national crisis" in refuges, Labour has said.
Shadow communities minister Melanie Onn hit out at the Government as MPs backed a Bill that would give victims access to lifetime tenancies.
It came as a Tory MP called for action over GPs charging almost £100 for letters of evidence of abuse.
Ms Onn told the Commons the current refuge system "is simply failing women across the country".
She added: "Just this Friday, victims of domestic violence from Birmingham were offered accommodation in Burton, Milton Keynes and even as far away as Manchester.
"And this isn't a small town having a spike in referrals. This is a city of 2.5 million people, sending victims 86 miles away because they don't have the capacity to accommodate vulnerable people.
"Sadly, this fits into a national crisis under this Government."
MPs were speaking at second reading of the Secure Tenancies (Victims of Domestic Abuse) Bill.
The Bill will ensure that victims of domestic violence who have a lifetime social tenancy will be able to retain this lifetime tenancy in new accommodation if they are forced to flee their current home.
It will also ensure that victims of domestic abuse who are joint lifetime tenants and want to remain in their home after the abuser has left or been removed can be granted lifetime tenancy after the joint tenancy has ended.
"This short and focused Bill is an important part of the Government's wider aim of supporting victims of domestic abuse to leave their abusive situation and ensuring that they and their families are provided with the stability and security they need and deserve," said communities minister Heather Wheeler.
"It ensures that where a lifetime tenant is rehoused in these circumstances, or where a victim is granted a new tenancy in their home after the previous tenancy has been brought to an end, the victim does not lose their security of tenure.
"This is about removing an impediment that could prevent victims from leaving their abusive situation, or from taking steps to secure their safety in their current social home."
Ms Onn also said the legislation "will remove a key barrier for victims of domestic violence from leaving an abusive relationship and rebuilding their lives".
During the debate, Tory MP Andrew Lewer (Northampton South) said action over fees for GP letters is "possible and certainly desirable", adding: "It would appear that fees approaching £100 can be charged by GPs for letters of evidence of domestic abuse.
"Even when much less than that is charged I think it'd be seen as wrong. It's within the letter of GP contracts as they currently stand maybe, but it's wrong nevertheless."
Mr Lewer said he was sure many GPs would not levy such charges to the vulnerable, but asked ministers to outline what progress has been made on the issue.
The Bill was given an unopposed second reading and will now undergo further scrutiny by MPs at committee stage.
Microsoft has developed an adaptive control for the Xbox One and Windows games, giving games fans with different mobility needs a programmable controller for gaming. It has large programmable buttons, and it connects to external switches, buttons, mounts and joysticks – whatever your prefered set-up is. Three profiles can be set up on each controller, so you don't have to reset it for each game, and these profiles can be switched between quickly and easily. The Xbox Adaptive Controller will go on sale later this year. It has a $99 price tag in the United States; that suggests a euro price of about €100.
THE beheading of a Filipino hostage by the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) ignited the military's resolve to deal the terrorist group the lethal blow, according to Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) chief Eduardo Año.
“While the AFP condemns this gruesome murder of this hapless kidnap victim, it all the more drives our soldiers, airmen, sailors, and marines to deliver the lethal blow against this band of terrorists and rescue the remaining kidnap victims,” Año said on Monday.
“This terrorist group is fueling the desire of the AFP to crush their beastly practice, stop their kidnap-for-ransom activities, and restore peace in Western Mindanao,” he added.
Malacañang and the AFP expressed their “extreme indignation” on the beheading of Noel Besconde, the captain of F/B Ramona, who was abducted along with three others in the Celebes Sea in December last year.
The ASG executed Besconde on April 13 in Patikul, Sulu.
“We will never falter. We will not rest even a bit in our conduct of combat, intelligence, and civil-military operations to protect our people. We will exhaust all means — legal and moral– to bring this war against terrorists to conclusion,” Año said.
He appealed to residents of Sulu and Basilan and other parts of Western Mindanao to help security forces “to stop the ASG's criminal and evil acts.”
“They have no place in our civilized society,” he pointed out.
The ASG, which is still holding about two dozen Asian sailors, has not released a statement on the execution of Besconde.
Año earlier expressed confidence that the AFP can meet its deadline to decimate the terror group by June this year.
The Palace said local officials and security forces will pursue the Abu Sayyaf bandits and hold them accountable for their crimes.
The President's spokesman Ernesto Abella called on citizens to remain vigilant and watchful and cooperate with security forces.
“Let us work against common criminals to make our communities safer and ensure a nation worthy of all Filipinos,” Abella said.
Organ on a Chip Kit: Market Insights
Organ on chip is a recently developed multidisciplinary field in which human cell biology and microfluidic are combined on top of lab on chip architecture. Organ on a chip is one of the fastest growing application in the research areas in life science and pharmaceuticals industries. Organ on a chip is multi-channel microfluidic cell which stimulates the physiological response, activities and response of the organ and organ system, type of artificial organ. Increasing in adoption organ on a chip will abolish the need for animals in toxin testing and drug development. Organ on a chip are used especially for research activity in the advanced biomedical engineering field such as bioMEMS, micro fabrication and microelectronics. Organ on chip creates new and innovative ways to culture cells and tissues which offer precise and continuous control during complete culturing process. Organ on a chip have significant impact on the improvement on the predictability of drug screening models and personalized medicines.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6892
Multiple organs can be placed on the chip and re interconnected to model the dynamics of human organism which is possible due to 3D cell culture, micro fluids and 3D printing technologies which allow the cultivation of cells from patients which reflects phenotype or genotype. Different companies and universities are continuously looking for better and new models in the development of drugs with collaboration with different manufacturing companies. In the long term, the organ on a chip technology helps in the advanced human based and personalized research and development of drugs.
Organ on a chip kit: Market Dynamics
Increase in innovation in drug development and growing prevalence of chronic disease such as respiratory disease, heart failure and other disease drive the market of organ on a chip kit market. Rising awareness among the population towards better healthcare devices propel the growth of organ on a chip kit market globally. Increase in healthcare expenditure and increase rate of organ transplant is expected to boost the demand of organ on a chip kit market during the forecast period. However, high cost associated with the kit of organ on chip and lack of adoption of innovative technology in the underdeveloped economies hamper the growth of the organ on a chip kit market.
Organ on a Chip Kit Market: Segmentation
The global organ on a chip kit market is segmented by drug type and distribution channel:
Segmentation by Type Heart on a chip Lung on a chip Kidney on a chip Liver on a chip Intestine on chip
Segmentation by End User Hospital Academic Research Institutes Contract Research Organizations Others
Organ on a Chip Kit Market: Overview
Organ on a chip kits are likely to contribute to reduction of animal tests in preclinical drug development and drug candidate screening may increase efficiency. Increase in growth for lungs and kidney based organ culture devices and increase in research activities on organ on chip devices are the major factors which drive the overall market of organ on a chip kit market. On the basis of type of organ on a chip, lung on chip is expected to project the highest growth owing to increase in number of chronic disease and increase in awareness about the organ transplant during the forecast period.
Organ on a Chip Kit Market: Region-wise Outlook
On the basis of geography, global organ on a chip kit market is segmented into seven key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan, and Middle East & Africa. North America is projected to hold the largest shares in the global Organ on a Chip Kit Market primarily due to growing adoption of innovative technologies to cure disease which are chronic. Increase in research and development activities and rise in healthcare applications in North America drive the market of organ on chip kit. Europe is anticipated to be the second in the revenues share. Asia Pacific region is anticipated to be the fastest growing region in organ on chip kit market owing to increase in investment in the research and development in the drug development and government initiative towards the improvement of healthcare expenditure. Latin America and Middle East & Africa is expected to show slow growth due to lack of awareness among the population and high cost associated with organ on a chip kit market in near future.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6892
Organ on a Chip Kit Market: Key Players
Some of the key players present in global organ on a chip kit market are Micronit Microtechnologies B.V, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, MIMETAS B.V., Nortis, CN Bio Innovations, TissUse GmbH, Koninklijke Philips N.V., and others
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chevron Corp:
* CHIEF EXECUTIVE MIKE WIRTH SAYS HIS TOP PRIORITY IS TO MAINTAIN AND GROW THE DIVIDEND
* SAYS RISING OIL PRICES SQUEEZED Q4 REFINING MARGINS BY ABOUT $500 MILLION
* SAYS TOOK $190 MILLION Q4 HIT RELATED TO REFINING, CHEMICAL PLANT DAMAGE FROM HURRICANES NATE, HARVEY
* SAYS PERMIAN WAS The LARGEST CONTRIBUTOR TO RESERVE GROWTH IN 2017
* CEO WIRTH: ‘I EXPECT US TO MAINTAIN CAPITAL AND COST DISCIPLINE'
* SAYS SECOND TRAIN AT WHEATSTONE LNG SHOULD COME ONLINE Q2 2018
* CHEVRON CORP SAYS PLANS TO BOOST PERMIAN RIG COUNT THIS YEAR BY 25 PERCENT TO 20 RIGS
* SAYS HAS SIX PRESSURE PUMPING CREWS OPERATING IN PERMIAN
* CEO WIRTH: ‘I INTEND TO LEAD CHEVRON TO WIN IN ANY ENVIRONMENT'
* CEO WIRTH SAYS HE‘S ‘PLEASED' WITH OUTLOOK FOR CASH FLOW
* CEO WIRTH SAYS BELIEVES MORE GAINS IN COST CUTTING, PERFORMANCE AND SAFETY POSSIBLE FROM IMPROVING TECHNOLOGY
* CEO WIRTH SAYS NOT SEEING EVIDENCE OF STRONG COST INFLATION ANYWHERE IN GLOBAL PORTFOLIO
* CEO WIRTH SAYS IN PERMIAN, 2/3 OF SPENDING PROTECTED BY SERVICE CONTRACTS
* CEO WIRTH SAYS AT MOST COULD SEE SINGLE DIGIT PRICE INCREASES IN PERMIAN
* CEO WIRTH: ‘WE ARE NOT GOING TO ALLOW COST TO GROW AT THE RATE THAT PRODUCTION IS GROWING' Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Ernest Scheyder)
FILE PHOTO: Greek flags are displayed for sale for one Euro at a shop in Athens, Greece, July 26, 2015. REUTERS/Yiannis Kourtoglou/File Photo
ATHENS Euro zone deputy finance ministers have recommended that Greek bailout review talks continue in Athens, a government official said on Friday, as Athens and its creditors seek a deal on reforms to unlock further aid.
The recommendation, after a teleconference late on Thursday, is a sign of progress in the drawn-out talks between Greece and its international lenders on the country's fiscal progress and on labour and energy reforms. The delays have rekindled fears of a new crisis in Europe.
The technical teams of the lenders, the European Union and the International Monetary Fund, are expected to make a final decision later on Friday on their return to Athens to wrap up talks on a technical agreement ahead of a meeting of euro zone finance ministers in Malta on April 7, the official said.
It was not yet clear how much progress had been achieved.
Sources told Reuters this week that Greece and its creditors had reached a broad outline of agreement on some key labour issues.
Athens had also agreed to cut pension spending and to lower the current tax-free threshold to about 6,000 euros, after its current, 86-billion euro bailout expires in 2018.
Slashing the market share of state-controlled Public Power Corp (PPC) (DEHr.AT) through the sale of coal-fired units was also under discussion.
These measures were aimed at convincing the IMF to participate financially in the bailout. EU countries, including Germany, want the Washington-based fund on board, to add credibility to a programme which has been a difficult test for European governments.
Greece also said on Friday it was starting the process to hire advisers for the privatisation of seven major companies in an effort to show that it is determined to stick to its bailout commitments and speed up the conclusion of the review.
The companies included PPC, in which the privatisation agency holds a 17 percent stake, and the Athens International Airport, which it owns 30 percent of. A 27 percent stake in water utility EYDAP (EYDr.AT) and a 74 percent stake in Thessaloniki Water (TWSr.AT) were also included in the process.
Advisers will be hired also for a 65 percent stake in natural gas company DEPA, a 35.5 percent stake in the country's biggest oil refiner Hellenic Petroleum (HEPr.AT) and a 5 percent share in telecoms operator OTE (OTEr.AT).
Privatisations have been a key term of the country's three international bailouts but have reaped poor revenues so far.
(Reporting by Renee Maltezou and Angeliki Koutantou; Editing by Alison Williams and Hugh Lawson)
TIMMINS -
The class of 2017 graduated from the Gagne Hockey Development Camp last week eager for the start of a new season.
More than 100 youngsters spent a week at the McIntyre Arena honing their skills and soaking up the knowledge passed on by former NHL player and NOJHL coach Paul Gagne and his staff — Evan Kentish-Stack, Nicholas Hway, Karter Renouf and Jace Soroko.
Gagne, an Iroquois Falls native, put up some impressive stats (390, 110-102-212, 127) while playing for the Colorado Rockies, New Jersey Devils, Toronto Maple Leafs and New York Islanders.
He also spent time in the American Hockey League and the Central Hockey League and finished up his career with six seasons in Europe.
Gagne resigned as coach and general manager of the NOJHL's Rock after leading the team to the East Division final in its second year back in Timmins.
Prior to that, the 55 year old had coached the team when it was known as the Abitibi Eskimos and played out of the Jus Jordan Arena in Iroquois Falls.
Many of the students attending the Gagne Hockey Development Camp this year were returnees, but there were also a few newcomers, as well — such as Massimo Flaminio-Lefebvre, who will play for the Timmins North Stars, of the Northern Ontario Bantam ‘AAA' Hockey League, this fall.
“All my friends were planning to attend the camp, so I thought it would be a good time,” he said.
“It was a good opportunity to get a little extra ice time to work on my skating and get ready for the start of our season. It also gave me a chance to work on my shot a little bit. The instructors were all very helpful.”
Flaminio-Lefebvre played for the Bantam ‘AA' North Stars last season and knows there will be some adjustments making the move to Bantam ‘AAA' this season.
“I was trying to focus mainly on my footwork this week and how fast I can take off,” he said.
“I wanted to improve my starts and my speed.”
Flaminio-Lefebvre enjoyed the opportunity to learn the finer points of the game from Gagne.
“This is the first time I have had an opportunity to attend a camp with a former NHL player and it was great,” he said.
Flaminio-Lefebvre was pleased with how things went at the Gagne Hockey Development Camp and he is hoping to return in 2018.
Over the years, many graduates of the Gagne Hockey Development Camp have gone on to enjoy success at the Midget ‘AAA' and even Junior ‘A' levels.
“Every hockey player has to start off somewhere,” Gagne said.
“Being out on the ice here at the camp is part of their apprenticeship. They learn and they progress. It's a confidence builder.
“Some of them come from house league teams, others come from rep teams, but it doesn't matter. They just go out there and have fun together.”
While ensuring the youngsters have fun at the week-long hockey school, Gagne also stresses the importance of learning the fundamentals.
Hway, who will be attending university in the fall, played for Gagne as a member of the Rock in 2016-17 and Kentish-Stack was also with the team for 12 games as an affiliate player when his services weren't needed by the GNML's Timmins Majors.
“It's great to get a chance to interact with these kids,” Hway said.
“It's fun because we were all that age once upon a time and it's cool to be able to teach them some new things. I have really enjoyed this week.”
The participants in the camp range in age from four to six years old in the youngest group, up to 13 to 16 years old in the oldest.
“With the younger guys, we just try to teach them the basic stuff,” Hway said.
“We wanted to keep things as simple as possible and let them have fun. That's the most important thing. Then, as the groups got older, we were teaching them more skill stuff. We also got into things like how to play in defensive scenarios.”
Hway realizes making sure the younger players have fun is key to ensuring they stick with the sport when they get older.
“That's what really drove me back to play when I was younger,” he said.
“Little guys (and gals) should definitely have fun.”
Hway and the other youngsters were clearly having lots of fun, as well, especially when they were working with the younger groups.
“They tend to skate around at 100 miles per hour and crash into each other,” he said.
“They all have big smiles on their faces and that's what I like to see the most.”
In addition to having an hour-and-a-half of skill development, each of the groups also got to participate in an hour of three-on-three, or four-on-four hockey as part of their days.
“The younger groups all follow the puck and they end up in a little cluster all together,” Hway said.
“There is a whole group just chasing the puck all over the ice. It's not like there is any system, or anything.”
While Hway will be leaving the Rock and heading off to school in the fall, he enjoyed the time he spent with the club — especially the big victory over the Cochrane Crunch in the 2017 East Division semifinal series.
“We had a really good group of guys last year and a really good coaching staff,” he said.
“We had fun all year, but beating Cochrane after losing to them the two previous years was a big highlight for everybody.”
One of the secrets to the success of the Gagne Hockey Development Camp over the years has been the quality of instructors it has been able to attract.
“We had some great instructors again this year,” Gagne said.
“They were great all week. They were very positive and taught them little tips here and there. It's not always about teaching all the time, it's also how they deal with the kids. Making sure the kids have fun while they are here is the most important thing.”
With Gagne having turned over his general manager duties to Kevin Peever and his coaching whistle to Corey Beer, his focus has been entirely on the hockey school.
“That has really been the biggest difference,” Gagne said.
“My summer has pretty well been stress free.”
Gagne has been able to spend more time travelling with his wife, Brenda, including a recent trip to Niagara-on-the-Lake to attend the wedding of Timmins native Kathryn Lahaie and Arizona Coyotes general manager John Chayka.
“Now, we are going to take a couple of weeks off and go to Europe for almost the entire month of September,” he said.
“We are going to start off in Paris and then visit the south of France, then to Barcelona.”
Fear not fans, Gagne has no plans to run with the bulls while they are in Spain.
“We have never been on vacation in September, ever, ever, ever,” he said.
Gagne's involvement in the world of hockey — first as a player, then as a coach and general manager — as well as Brenda's career as a teacher made such things impossible in the past.
“We have been married for 29 years now, so this is going to be a first,” he said.
While the Gagnes are looking forward to plenty of travel during the next 12 months, the game plan is for the Gagne Hockey Development Camp to return to the McIntyre Arena in 2018.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Contact
LUMA- Luxury Matchmaking
Julia Hauser
***@lumasearch.com LUMA- Luxury MatchmakingJulia Hauser
End
-- LUMA is a Luxury Matchmaking Firm that caters to single Executives and Professionals. Established in 2010 by April Davis, LUMA has expanded its services to seventeen states across the U.S, uniting hundreds of couples.LUMA offers two membership options for singles; entry as a passive member and as a proactive Premium Client.Membership as a passive member will give singles entry to a free database. LUMA Matchmakers may meet and match passive members with a Premium Client.Becoming a Premium Client will include a personalized matchmaking experience that is guided by a LUMA Matchmaker. Each Matchmaker is a certified Life Coach and provides Date Coaching to help clients put their best foot forward. The Matchmakers get to know their client's personality traits and desires and then matches them with an eligible match.Premium services range from $2800 to $50,000. With an 83% success rate, LUMA- Luxury Matchmaking is dedicated to helping clientele attract, meet and retain healthy, long-term relationships.For more information about LUMA- Luxury Matchmaking, visit www.lumasearch.com or call 1-844-822-5862.
DryShield
End
-- Cracks in basement walls are ordinary, although they can also be a symptom of a deteriorated wall. DryShield will inform you how to deal with this possibly hazardous wall earlier than it causes formational troubles with your home. It is trouble that should get fixed earlier than you complete your basement.Small cracks in foundation walls are ordinary in homes throughout the Toronto area. Generally an aftereffect of the organic curing method of concrete, these cracks usually do not push the foundation. But, even small cracks in foundation can be a major trouble if they discharge subsoil water into your basement or channel/crawl space.DryShield Has YourSolutionOnce your home sinks, cracks emerge in the foundation walls. It is essential to repair these cracks as soon as you discover them, as little cracks can turn out to be big cracks, and cause huge troubles. Crack injection is the most extensively recognized technique of repairing foundation cracks. This is for the reason that crack injection is gainful, dependable, and everlasting. DryShield proffers several crack repair solutions to be compatible with any work (each and every one of them are epoxy supported to stick to concrete), allowing for additional growth and reduction, while stopping water from grinding concrete down additionally.Cracks in the basement walls and floors indicate practically critical destruction to your foundation, and can cause troubles like leaks, bacteria, and rats. Once water discharges through your basement walls or floors, it can promptly lead to extremely critical flood dangers.Crack injection (by injection epoxies, polyurethane forth foams, or polyurethane plasters) is the most excellent and most inexpensive technique for repair of a seeping crack on the wall of a poured foundation. It is the most excellent method as crack injection stops water from going through the leaking cracked wall and penetrating into the basement. Extra humidity is prevented and there is little possibility of mold and mildew emerging on the wall. It is the most economical for the reason that the repair amounts to only hundreds of dollars.DryShield has numerous methods that are designed particularly to assist homeowners end leaks in their foundation walls and concrete floors, and offer total and lifelong repairs that protect the robustness and security of the foundation.DryShield make use of the epoxy injection technique to repair wall cracks that are leaking. This technique is carried out from the interior of your home and is much less disturbing than excavating throughout your home's foundation. The injection method injects epoxy into the crack undergoing pressure, forcing the material from the inside totally through to the outside of the wall. It is regarded as a constructional repair and will make a watertight seal in the crack obstructing the route of water.If your basement wall comprises a crack, the most terrible activity you can carry out is doing absolutely nothing about it. An excellent start is to obtain the estimation from an expert who can offer you a guesstimate for crack injection or basement repair work. DryShield offers all clients with free quotes for all assignments. Give them a call at the moment to get going.For over 25 years, DryShield has been resolving basement, crawl space and foundation problems for homeowners in Toronto. DryShield is one of the leading providers of waterproofing services, basement crack repair and solutions in Toronto. The company offers first-class services and solutions forand the Greater Toronto Area.Jonathan McmahonDryshieldToronto, Canada1-800-277-5411nathan@dryshield.ca
Cricket - India v Australia - Fourth Test cricket match - Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium, Dharamsala - 28/03/17 - India's Virat Kohli receives the ICC Test Mace from former Indian cricket player Sunil Gavaskar (R) after India won the test series against... REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
NEW DELHI India captain Virat Kohli has been named the "Leading Cricketer in the World" in this year's edition of the Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, the publication announced on Wednesday.
Pakistan test captain Misbah-ul-Haq and senior batsman Younis Khan were among the five "Cricketers of the Year", a group which also includes the English trio of Ben Duckett, Chris Woakes and Toby Roland-Jones.
The five players cannot have been chosen before and the emphasis remains on the English summer.
Australia's Ellyse Perry was named the world's leading women's cricketer.
Barring the just-concluded home series against Australia, Kohli had a fairytale year in which the batsman averaged more than anyone in all three formats, while his team lost only once in their 13-test home season.
Kohli's 235 in the Mumbai test against England cemented his place as "the spiritual successor to Sachin Tendulkar", editor Lawrence Booth wrote.
Kohli is the third Indian, after Virender Sehwag (2008, 2009) and Tendulkar (2010), to have won the honour.
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Lebanon's Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah speaks via a screen during a rally marking the 11th anniversary of the end of Hezbollah's 2006 war with Israel, in the southern village of Khiam, Lebanon August 13, 2017.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah on Sunday dismissed the prospect of tougher U.S. sanctions against his group, which is backed by Iran, and said the U.S. administration had no way to harm it.
"The American administration, with all available and possible means, will not be able to damage the strength of the resistance," Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said in a televised address to mark the anniversary of the end of Hezbollah's 2006 war with Israel.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Nasrallah said Lebanon was being subjected to intimidation and threats over Hezbollah - which is part of the Beirut government but classified as a terrorist group by Washington - and alleged that Lebanese officials had been told that Israel could launch a war.
European and American officials had warned them "during diplomatic meetings and international visits ... if you don't do this, Israel will launch a war on Lebanon, and if Hezbollah doesn't do this, Israel will launch a war on Lebanon", Nasrallah said. He did not spell out what had been asked of Lebanon or Hezbollah.
Tensions between Israel and Hezbollah, a well armed Shi'ite movement, have risen this year. Nasrallah has played down the prospect of a war while simultaneously warning Israel against a conflict.
Trump last month called Hezbollah a "menace" to the Lebanese people and to the entire region during a news conference with Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri.
U.S. lawmakers last month introduced legislation seeking to increase sanctions on Hezbollah by further restricting its ability to raise money and recruit and by increasing pressure on banks that do business with it, though it was not clear when or if it would come to a vote.
Officials in Lebanon have raised concerns that any widening of the U.S. sanctions could damage their banking industry.
Sacramento Kings guard Buddy Hield, center, tries to fight through the screen set by Detroit Pistons forward Blake Griffin, left, as he guards Pistons forward Reggie Bullock, right during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Rich Pedroncelli AP Photo
ROME (AP) — Police in northern Italy found a small arsenal of Kalashnikovs, pistols and ammunition hidden in the trunk of a rental car and arrested the Bosnian man who was driving it.
The ANSA news agency says police believe the car, which had Swiss license plates, was headed to Barcelona when they stopped it on a routine check April 19 in Gorizia, near Italy's northeast border with Slovenia and Austria.
ANSA says police became suspicious when they found two Berettas in a bag. They then proceeded to search the rest of the car and found several guns in the spare wheel well of the trunk and another stash under the back seat.
The 52-year-old Bosnian was being held on suspicion of possession and transport of weapons of war.
Advertisement
___
This story has been corrected to show that the border is with Slovenia, not Croatia.
(Adds Jardim quotes)
DORTMUND, Germany, April 12 Borussia Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said his team felt ignored by UEFA after being made to play AS Monaco in the Champions League on Wednesday, less than 24 hours after an attack on their bus.
The quarter-final first leg in Dortmund was postponed on Tuesday after three explosions went off near the German team's bus as it made its way to the stadium, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra.
The match was immediately rescheduled for Wednesday and Monaco ran out 3-2 winners in what turned out to be a pulsating game.
UEFA, European soccer's governing body, said it had made the decision after consulting both teams.
"We weren't asked at any point. We were told by text message that the decision had been made in Switzerland (where UEFA are based)," Tuchel told reporters. "When they told us 'you're up tomorrow', we felt completely ignored.
"They treated it as if a beer can have been thrown at the bus.
"We would have liked more time to take stock," he added. "This gives you the feeling of impotence, that we have to keep functioning and nothing else matters.
"I encouraged everyone to take the game seriously but football is not the most important thing in the world."
Tuchel said each player had been affected differently.
"Everyone has the right to deal with it in his own way," he said. "We want to help every player to overcome his inner conflict. It was a bad experience."
Dortmund midfielder Nuri Sahin, who came on as a second-half substitute, said the incident had put football into perspective.
"We love football, we suffer with football and I know we earn a lot of money, and we have a privileged life, but we are human beings and there is so much more than football in this world...and last night we felt it," he said.
"I don't know if the people can understand this but, until I was on the pitch in the second half, I didn't think about football," he said.
"I get goosebumps...when we were in the bus last night, I can't forget the faces."
AS Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim said the match had been overshadowed by Tuesday's events.
"It won't be the result that will be remembered, it will be what happened yesterday, which was not a football situation," said the Portuguese.
"Of course, the preparation was not the same. We prepared twice for the same match and today's preparation was more difficult. Yesterday, the players phoned their families, their friends and their concentration levels were not so high."
(Reporting by Ed Dove and Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)
Students at Elizabethtown College this month is wearing white pins in the shape of puzzle pieces to remind them of their white privilege.
The campaign was launched over the weekend by the Elizabethtown College Democrats, who say it aims to make students at the small and private liberal arts college in Pennsylvania more introspective about issues of race, especially in their predominantly white region of Lancaster County.
A research study titled, “Electrophoresis Units Market by product and application – global industry analysis and forecast to 2023”, published by crystal market research.
Market highlights:
The Electrophoresis Units Market was worth USD 1.84 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 2.97 billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.47% during the forecast period. Electrophoresis units apply an electric charge to atoms, making them relocate towards their oppositely charged electrode. The method is found in all clinical and research centres using DNA and protein applications, and is separated into gel and capillary techniques. Hardware incorporates flat gel electrophoresis units for DNA partition and vertical gel equipment for protein detachment. 2D electrophoresis equipment incorporates hardware that isolates proteins by charge and mass through separate segments or complete automated workstations.
Click To Request a Sample:
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/ME06969
Electrophoresis Units Market Segmentation
The Electrophoresis Units Market is segmented on the basis of product and end user. Based on product the market is segmented into Horizontal Electrophoresis and Vertical Electrophoresis. On the basis of end user the market is segmented into Research Organizations and Institutions, Medical and others.
Electrophoresis Units Market By Region
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab
Emirates, Other
Competitive Insights:
The leading players in the market are Denville Scientific, Danaher Corporation, Agilent Technologies, Hoefer Inc, Cleaver Scientific, Sigma-Aldrich, Ellard Instrumentation Ltd, Thomas Scientific Inc, Nova-Tech International Inc, Edvotek, Lonza Group and Carl Roth Gmbh & Co Kg. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis:
Amid 2016, Americas drove the market with the most astounding share of the overall industry and will keep on witnessing steady development for the following years. This is primarily because of expanded spending on the R&D which needs propelled capillary electrophoresis solutions and request is set to increment with the use in the more extensive applications. Expanding adoption of very propelled capillary electrophoresis strategies by the pharmaceutical and biotechnology ventures in nations like the US and Canada will add to this present market's development in the locale.
Research Methodology
We use both primary and secondary research for our market surveys, estimates and for developing forecast. Our research process commence by analyzing the problem which enable us to design the scope for our research study. Our research process is uniquely designed with enough flexibility to adjust according to changing nature of products and markets, while retaining core element to ensure reliability and accuracy in research findings. We understand both macro and micro-economic factors to evaluate and forecast different market segments.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/ME06969
About Crystal Market Research:
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research, business intelligence, and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions. It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe. The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare, chemicals & materials, technology, automotive, and energy.
Contact Us:
Judy S,
304 South Jones Blvd, Suite 1896,
Las Vegas NV 89107,
United States
Toll Free: +1-888-213-4282
Email: sales@crystalmarketresearch.com
May 2 Goeasy Ltd
* Goeasy reports results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017
* Q1 same store sales fell 1.7 percent
* Q1 earnings per share C$0.73
* Revenue for Q1 of 2017 increased to $94.7 million, an increase of 15.0% from $82.3 million in q1 of 2016
* Says "We are confident that our growth plans for easyfinancial will enable us to achieve our loan book target of $475 - $500 million by end of 2017"
* Company is preparing for launch of its new, secured lending product in q3 of 2017
* Anticipates spending an incremental $2.2 million in advertising expenditures in q2 of 2017
* Says Strategic growth initiatives announced earlier this year is on track
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.63, revenue view c$92.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Anticipates spending an incremental $2.2 million in advertising expenditures in Q2 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Debanjan Bose)
The Melbourne Rebels won't have to contend with Rieko Ioane and possibly Sonny Bill Williams either in Friday's Super Rugby match in Auckland.
Rieko Ioane. Source: Photosport
Devastating All Blacks winger Ioane has played every minute of the struggling Kiwi team's 12 matches this year, excelling in the midfield and on both wings.
He's been handed a rest, replaced by Tumua Manu, in what will be a relief for the Rebels, who conceded a hat-trick to Ioane when the Blues won the 2017 competition-opener 56-18.
Inside centre Williams is in doubt after taking a knock at this week's All Blacks training camp in Christchurch.
He has been bracketed with rookie Terrence Hepetema, who has made one bench appearance this season.
Elsewhere, Matt Duffie shifts to the wing to cater for the return of fullback Michael Collins while Alex Hodgman is back at prop after two months out with a wrist injury.
Matt Moulds makes his first start at hooker in place of James Parsons, who is still suffering from the blow to the head delivered by Owen Franks two weeks ago, which earned the Crusaders and All Blacks prop a two-match suspension.
The Blues (3-9) are out of play-off contention but can disrupt the plans of the Rebels (6-6) who have won their past two matches to be eighth overall.
The Blues' last loss to an Australian team was against the Rebels three years ago.
Blues: Michael Collins, Matt Duffie, Orbyn Leger, Sonny Bill Williams/Terrence Hepetema, Tumua Manu, Stephen Perofeta, Augustine Pulu (c), Akira Ioane, Dalton Papali'i, Jerome Kaino, Matiaha Martin, Gerard Cowley-Tuioti, Ofa Tu'ungafasi, Matt Moulds, Alex Hodgman.
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Base metals developer New Century Resources has reported another offtake contract over its Century zinc mine, in Queensland, this time with commodity trader Concord Resources.
New Century told shareholders on Tuesday that the Concord offtake represented around 5% of the production from Century's scheduled operation, which were set to start in the third quarter of this year.
Advertisement
The five offtake contracts executed to date now accounted for some 80% of the scheduled production at the Century mine, the company told shareholders.
The company was hoping to execute more offtake agreements, and was targeting a total of 90% of production from the Century mine.
Advertisement
New Century is considering a tailings operation at the project area to treat the 78.9-million tonnes of resource at the project, which is estimated to contain some 2.38-million tonnes of zinc, 370 000 t of lead and 31.5-million ounces of silver.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Portland has officially reached peak brunch. With so many restaurants offering cumin-spiced Bloody Marys and smoked trout eggs Benedict, the hardest part of the morning is just deciding where to settle in. Don't worry—we've done the homework for you. Click that play button above and behold our favorite brunches of the moment.
(Still hungry? Dive into our full feature about some of our other favorite brunch spots in town.)
This gracious Southern space nails all the Lazy Sunday details, from cloth-scrap napkins and the croon of '90s R&B over the speakers to a sweet, bourbon-spiked Kentucky Coffee. Skip the leaden beignets and head straight to any protein from the deep fryer. Best is the magically feather-light catfish, flavorful and flaky, with a craggy cornmeal crust just dusted with spice. The buttermilk-brined fried chicken is no slouch either, juicy and rich, with a deeply bronzed crust and an oniony zing. A Meat + Three plate includes reasonably sized samples of most everything you want: mellow greens; nubby, herby Sea Island red peas; and the revelation of Anson Mills grits, silky and rich with what tastes like two pounds of butter per spoonful. Even better? Muscadine serves breakfast on the daily, y'all.
In 2005, while you were eating yet another salmon hash, Nancye Benson paved the way for Portland's food cart revolution with handcrafted morning treats conjured in a vintage trailer oven on N Mississippi Avenue. Now, her signature Moxie Rx cart dishes have finally found a permanent home: a super-cute retro-mod café filled with curated groceries and some fresh ideas. Chomp right into a cheddar biscuit sandwich—not just the usual fried-egg number, but an herby omelet neatly folded and tucked beneath meaty bacon (or salmon, or roasted peppers) and an ooze of hot white cheese. Scan the counter for daily treats, from serious muffins to crispy-edge bread-pudding cakes—and remember, it's never too early for Benson's ginger lime macaroons.
But the real surprise is adding a patangko doughnut, which he rips apart and throws in for extra textural magic. More finds: steamed buns holding sweet shredded pork and, Ricker's fave, a squat glass of coddled eggs sided by a Jenga stack of toasted bread fingers for dipping. Like everything, it gets the white pepper treatment. Mostly, don't overthink it. That's the Ricker lesson. “Just grab it, and eat the damn thing.” This is the best morning meal you've never heard of, from PDX's most famous chef, Pok Pok 's Andy Ricker. Seasoning to taste is a national pastime—as eaters dip freely into sweet/hot/tangy/even hotter table condiments. Case in point: you might think Ricker's pan of Issan-Vietnamese over-easy eggs and sweet Chinese sausage is good. But then watch him season it, spooning from a jar of sour, fiery vinegared chiles; the dish suddenly roars forth. Jok, another menu high point, arrives like a hip cream of rice, with “bouncy pork” balls and a cloud of fragile fried rice noodles.More finds: steamed buns holding sweet shredded pork and, Ricker's fave, a squat glass of coddled eggs sided by a Jenga stack of toasted bread fingers for dipping. Like everything, it gets the white pepper treatment. Mostly, don't overthink it. That's the Ricker lesson. “Just grab it, and eat the damn thing.”
There are no gimmicks or flashy flavors at Hollywood's Vivienne Kitchen & Pantry, a low-key, light-filled café where you can play book hermit with a mug of Extracto coffee and a bowl of nutty porridge, surrounded by unironic china and the wavering croon of Lou Reed. The formerly fusty coffee shop turns out breakfast sandwiches layered with baked eggs, prosciutto and brie and slathered with tarragon aioli, alongside silky polenta wedges set in shallow bowls of cumin and grapefruit juice–braised pork and black beans. A humble morning porridge takes top marks: a toothsome mingle of salted oats and toasted quinoa, creamy with half-and-half and barely sweetened with brown sugar. It comes sided with good yogurt, shards of toasted coconut, pistachios, and ever-changing fruit variants. It's a perfectly pleasant breakfast for any day of the week.
On a frumpy stretch of N Albina Avenue, Sweedeedee proudly serves “pie, breakfast and lunch.” Outside, jars of tea “cook” in the sun. Inside, Maldon salt and hand-cranked pepper mills stand on every table. Big portions, big flavors, great vibes, and most dishes under $10: that's Sweedeedee. From the tiny kitchen come soups, farm-fresh salads, giant cakes, a righteous honey pie. Sandwiches are towering visions of bacon, beets, and shredded lettuce on fresh cornmeal molasses bread. Breakfast percolates all day, led by the best corn-cakes plate around.
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
* Eurobank posts 38.3 mln euro Q4 profit, down 55 pct q/q
* Full-year 2016 profit 230.1 mln euros vs 1.18 bln 2015 loss
* Non-performing loans at 34.7 pct of books (Adds CEO comment, details, background)
By George Georgiopoulos
ATHENS, March 29 Greece's Eurobank was profitable for a fourth straight quarter in October-December but earnings shrank despite slightly lower provisions for bad debt.
The third-largest Greek lender by assets, in which the national bank rescue fund owns a 2.4 percent stake, reported net earnings of 38.3 million euros ($41 million), down 55 percent from 85 million in the third quarter.
For 2016 as a whole, Eurobank reported a net profit of 230.1 million euros after a loss of 1.18 billion in 2015.
Greek banks including Eurobank are struggling with problem loan portfolios after a deep, protracted recession pushed unemployment to record highs, making it hard for borrowers to service their debts.
Banks entered the 2008 crisis with bad loans, or non-performing exposures (NPEs), of 14.5 billion euros, about 5.5 percent of their loan books. NPEs rose to 106.9 billion, or 51 percent, last year.
Banks have agreed with regulators on ambitious bad debt reduction targets spanning a 3-year time horizon.
They aim to cut their NPEs to 66.7 billion euros by 2019 from 106.9 billion in September, to bring their ratio to 34 percent from 51 percent.
Greek lenders are also grappling with funding gaps after a deposit flight that led to capital controls in June 2015 and still depend on central bank funding to plug the hole.
"Our main goal for 2017 is to remain profitable despite the deterioration of the economic climate in Greece and uncertainty which affects economic activity," Eurobank CEO Fokion Karavias said in a statement.
"Above all, we are focused on the challenge of reducing our non-performing exposures stock to levels agreed with regulators," he said.
Eurobank reduced its credit-loss provisions by 2.4 percent to 186.4 million euros in the fourth quarter from 191 million in the third.
Non-performing credit, loans more than 90 days past their due date, eased slightly to 34.7 percent of its loan book from 34.8 percent at the end of September.
The bank's NPE ratio came down by 40 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 45.2 percent of its loan book with cash coverage improving to 50.7 percent.
Eurobank said funding from the Greek central bank's emergency liquidity facility (ELA) fell by 8.1 billion euros last year due to deposit inflows and interbank repo transactions.
ELA borrowing stood at 12.a billion euros in late March. (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)
ROCK TAVERN, N.Y. (AP) " Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast, buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood.
Workers at the Polich Tallix fine art foundry, about 50 miles north of New York City, began work in late September on the awards to be handed out Feb. 26. Each of the 60 Oscars shipped from the hangar-like production floor is 13 inches tall with the same distinctive Art Deco features polished to a mirror finish. Each glossy black base lacks only a winner's nameplate, which is added after the ceremony.
Polich Tallix, which began making the awards last year, tweaked the look of the stylized knight with an eye toward the original statuettes handed out in 1929. The path of these new statues from a small town in upstate New York to center stage in Hollywood might not be the stuff of movies.
But it's worth a close-up.
___
CASTING CALL
Every Oscar starts with a version made of wax, which is repeatedly dipped into a cream-colored ceramic slurry. The ceramic hardens and the wax is melted out to make way for molten bronze.
What's left once the ceramic mold is chipped away is a sort of rough-hewn version of the elegant icon.
John Menzie and other workers make sure every surface detail " from Oscar's hairline to the film reel it stands on " is hand-sanded and polished to a fine finish.
Menzie said it's a kick to see the pieces you worked on for hours handed out on TV, like he did last year while watching the Academy Awards.
"When Leonardo DiCaprio gave his speech and he was holding his Oscar I was just thinking ... I might have worked on that one," Menzie said. "I wish in his acceptance speech, he would have said the serial number that was on the back, you know? So I could say, "That's the one I worked on!'"
Continued below.
Related Content Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab Your views: Readers letters' Michelle Grattan: Is Australia frightened to endanger a refugee deal with the US?
___
BEST VISUAL EFFECTS
When Polich Tallix took over production from a Chicago company, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences asked the foundry to create a statue truer to the original. Foundry artist Daniel Plonski made 3-D scans of an early statue and a recent statue, and took desired qualities from each for the newest iteration. Oscar's restoration was subtle; his stylized facial features are more defined, there's a greater hint of his ears and a hair part, and his sword rests in sharper relief between his legs.
"The trick was not to make it too shockingly different," Plonski said.
The most substantial difference is one people don't see. The statue is once again cast in bronze, instead of a pewter-like alloy.
___
AND THE AWARD GOES TO .
The statues are shipped to Brooklyn for 24-karat-gold electroplating at Epner Technology, which also is in its second year of Oscar making.
President David Epner said that before his company became involved in Oscar production, actor F. Murray Abraham and a couple of other award winners had asked him to plate gold finishes that were wearing off. He vows that won't happen under his process, which includes copper plating and nickel plating each statue before gold plating.
"The gold is guaranteed " not for the life of the recipient, but for the life of the statue," Epner said
Polich Tallix has one more task after the nominees are announced: making a nameplate for each possible winner. The award winners are handed an Oscar on stage with no nameplate on it. Winners can later take their statue to a table backstage to get their nameplate affixed.
The unused plates are destroyed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
As it's an Olympic year, American snowboarder Kelly Clark said big progressions in the level of riding should be expected. At the Woodward superpipe at Copper Mountain Resort on Saturday, Clark and her American teammates didn't disappoint, as she was joined on the U.S. Grand Prix FIS Snowboard Halfpipe World Cup podium by champion Chloe Kim and second place finisher Maddie Mastro.
Despite a flatter-pitched halfpipe at Copper than other World Cup and Olympic qualifying events, Kim achieved remarkable raw amplitude on her first run of the day, piecing together an air, a front 10, a cab 7 and a front 5 McTwist to earn a score of 93.75 for the title.
"I'm totally speechless," Kim said. "I woke up and I was like, 'Oh my god, I'm so nervous. I'm going to puke.' But, you know, I think the halfpipe kind of makes me feel at home and all the nerves go away when I'm dropping in and I'm just excited to try new stuff."
Mastro entered the day with the high score from the qualification round, which meant she had one final chance to best her teammate Kim on the final run of the day. Standing at the top of the pipe while Kim and Clark patiently waited at the bottom, the announcer at Copper Mountain didn't mince words.
"If you're Maddie Mastro, the gameplan is easy," he said. "Have your best run of your career right now."
Mastro put together a remarkable run, bumping her best score of the day up into the 90s. But the 90.75 wasn't good enough to overtake Kim. It came on a final run that featured a front 9 Indy, a back 5 grab, a front 7 Hawkin (flip) and a front 5 seatbelts.
Clark described this week of qualifying and finals at Copper — one which featured five American women scoring in the top eight and 16 American women taking part in total — as a "zero to 100 type of week." Though there wasn't much practice, the veteran Clark considered it a job well done for the Americans, as she took third place with a score of 83.75 via a run that consisted of a frontside air, a backside 5, a frontside 10, a cab 7, a crippler 5 and a backside air.
"I'm real happy to get a podium," she said. "Just starting to accumulate those points that I need to qualify for the U.S. Olympic team."
Kim may have been the powerhouse that stole the show and secured the title, but it was Mastro's soulful run that impressed her fellow second place finisher of the day, American snowboarder Ben Ferguson.
"Her style is different," Ferguson said. "It's not, 'Get the trick done.' It's more, there is some soul in there. It's some added creativity, and I really like that."
"He's someone whose style I've taken bits from and incorporated in mine," Mastro responded. "So getting a compliment like that from him is mad fangirling for me — makes me happy. And I think with my riding, for me, everything I do is what feels good for me. And I do every trick with a purpose. And I feel Ben incorporates that in his riding as well."
Japan's Sena Tomita finished in fourth place Friday with a score of 80.50 on her final run. American Arielle Gold took fifth place with a score of 77.25 on her final run, and China's Jiayu Liu posted a 76.75 on her final run to take sixth. France's Mirabelle Thovex scored a 75.75 on her first run to secure seventh while American Elena High rounded out the finalists with a score of 67.50 on her second run.
Like the men, three spots on the U.S. Olympic team will be given to the female snowboarders who meet the objective criteria, which is a podium finish at a qualifying event, such as the Grand Prix at Copper. Other qualifying events are scheduled for the Dew Tour Dec. 14-17 in Breckenridge, Jan. 10-12 in Snowmass and Jan. 17-19 in Mammoth, California. A fourth Olympic team spot will likely — but not definitely — be given to a competitor of the coaches' choosing.
For the objective spots, if more than three athletes have podium finishes, then the team will defer to the World Cup scoring system, which will give the American athlete with the best result 1,000 points, the American with the second best result 800 points, the third best 600 points and so on. Those with the most points make the team.
The final qualifier in Mammoth will return Americans like Mastro to their home mountain. And with this head start to Pyeongchang qualification via her showing at Copper on Saturday, Mastro is in ideal position with the Pyeongchang games exactly two months away.
"Having Chloe and Kelly next to me," Mastro said, "two of my teammates from Mammoth and the U.S. team, is so exciting. And to see them land runs, there is nothing more you can want than your teammates landing runs. It's just kind of a snowball effect this season. I hope we keep pushing and progressing throughout the season. It's supportive. I've never really had camaraderie with my teammates before like this."
PRAGUE, March 31 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Czech financial markets on Friday. ALL TIMES GMT (Czech Republic: GMT + 2 hours) =========================ECONOMIC DATA========================== Real-time economic data releases.................... Summary of economic data and forecasts........... Recently released economic data.................. Previous stories on Czech data............. **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/2E/events-overview =========================NEWS=================================== CROWN CAP: The Czech central bank dropped its guidance of a likely mid-year exit from its exchange rate cap on Thursday, sending a loud signal to markets that the end of the ultra-loose policy may be near. Story: Related stories: ** TAKE A LOOK at other central bank stories: CEE MARKETS: The crown plunged in the spot market and in forward contracts on Thursday as the Czech central bank (CNB) gave up its guidance to end its 3 1/2-year-old weak crown regime around mid-2017. Story: Related stories: CEZ: Utility CEZ said it would buy back nearly 99 pct of 2017 convertible bonds linked to MOL shares . It also said the final size of the equity placing of MOL shares will be 7,561,372, raising proceeds of 141.4 billion forints ($489.63 million). Story: Related stories: CEZ/MOL: Czech electricity company CEZ has conditionally sold its 7.5 percent stake in Hungarian oil and gas group MOL to help repay bondholders. Story: Related stories: DUKOVANY: Utility CEZ said it had reconnected Dukovany nuclear power plant's unit 2 after an outage. Story: Related stories: O2: Telecoms group O2 Czech Republic's board approved a proposed shareholder payout of a total 21 crowns per share. Story: Related stories: ---------------------- MARKET SNAPSHOT ------------------------ Index/Crown Currency The Latest Prev Pct change close on day in 2017 vs Euro 27.163 27.084 -0.29 -0.58 vs Dollar 25.42 25.256 -0.65 0.89 Czech Equities 983.67 983.67 0.1 6.73 U.S. Equities 20,728.49 20,659.32 0.33 4.89 Pvs close or current levels vs prior domestic close at 1500 GMT =======================PRESS DIGEST============================ CROWN: Banks' dealing rooms are preparing for the end of the Czech central bank's cap on the crown, which can come at anytime from April 1. A CSOB senior trader said his team was putting off planned vacations and postponing client visits in the region to be ready. Other banks are taking similar measures, the newspaper reported. For example, UniCredit has about a dozen traders on alert, a spokesman said. Hospodarske Noviny, page 4 REAL ESTATE: The nearing end of the central bank's crown cap is boosting interest in the real estate market. An expected strengthening of the crown will also help competitiveness of Czech investors in the market. Hospodarske Noviny, page 7 (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX For updates on CEE currencies TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets Prague Newsroom: +420 224 190 477 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
(Adds bond trader and research report quotes, details on pending debt payments)
March 31 Bonds issued by the Venezuelan government crashed on Friday as political tensions escalated following the annulment of the country's legislature by its high court earlier this week, a move that ignited protests and international condemnation.
The price on Venezuela's benchmark $4 billion bond maturing in September 2027 with a 9.25 percent coupon fell by more than 3.5 cents to around 46.4 cents on the dollar, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Its yield, which moves in the opposite direction of price, shot up by 1.55 percentage points to nearly 23 percent, the highest since last August. It was the largest one-day rise in yield since October.
The country's high court late Wednesday stated it was assuming Congress' role in a ruling authorizing President Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval.
The move was met with international condemnation and street protests, and on Friday the fallout intensified when Venezuela's attorney general broke ranks with Maduro and rebuked the judiciary for its move.
Some longer-dated bonds were even lower in price. The less widely traded March 2038s, with a 7 percent coupon, were bid at 40 cents on the dollar, down from 42.6 cents on Thursday. Their yield rose to 18.22 percent from 17.17 percent.
"People saw risk worsen and went out to sell. But there are some people buying, few, but they're buying," said a bond trader in Caracas, asking to remain anonymous to avoid hurting business. "I hope they pick up again given there are interest and capital payments soon."
The country faces payments of nearly $3 billion in April on bonds issued by the government and Petroleos de Venezuela SA, or PDVSA, the state-sponsored oil company. Most of that is due around mid-month as PDVSA's April 2017 5.25 percent note matures, requiring a combined interest and principal payment of $2.5 billion.
Maduro's government has pledged to remain current on its credit. It faces another big block of payments in both October and November, though one research firm said it was optimistic it would be able to meet those obligations.
"While most market participants seem confident about state oil company PDVSA's ability to pay its April maturities, many investors remain worried about the October/November payments," analysts at Oxford Research wrote in a report on Friday. "Our analysis shows that although the financial situation remains very tight, the country can bridge its external financing gap during 2017." (Writing by Dan Burns; Reporting by Alexandra Ulmer and Corina Rodriguez Pons in Caracas and Sujata Rao-Coverley in London; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Chizu Nomiyama)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Nigeria's Landmark hotel, Transcorp Hilton Abuja, has emerged the winner of two 2017 World Luxury Hotel Awards in the Best Luxury Contemporary Hotel (Nigeria) and Best Luxury City Hotel (West & Central Africa) categories.
The multiple award-winning five-star hotel was honoured with the prestigious award at a spectacular Gala Ceremony hosted by the historical Kulm Hotel St. Moritz in Switzerland on Saturday 2 December 2017. Awards on the night were bestowed on luxury properties that excelled within their service delivery areas on a country, regional, continent or global level.
World Luxury Hotel Awards is the pinnacle of recognition achievable by a luxury hotel, for service excellence and earning the respect of guests, industry players, and awarding hotels, as voted for by the public, across 99 different categories
Valentine Ozigbo, MD/CEO Transcorp Hotels Plc, who received the awards on behalf of the hotel said, “These awards crown a year of global recognition for all we do to deliver a world class hospitality experience to our Guests. It is gratifying that our commitment to the upgrade of our guests' experiences is appreciated and recognised by the travelling public. Thanks to the amazing Team that makes it all possible”.
Also commenting on the awards, Etienne Gailliez, General Manager, Transcorp Hilton Abuja said, “It's a great honour to receive another international recognition for what we do. It's a befitting reward for the commitment of our company to service excellence and all the hard work our Team Members put in to delivering unforgettable experiences to our Guests”.
The recognition from World Luxury Hotel Awards is coming on the heels of the hotel winning World Travel Awards 2017 in 5 categories including Africa's Leading Business Hotel for the third consecutive year and the 2017 Seven Stars Luxury Hospitality and Lifestyle Awards.
The 5-star hotel's Asian specialty restaurant, The Oriental, was also recently honoured with the World Luxury Restaurant Award 2017 prize in the Asian cuisine category for African continent. In addition, the iconic hotel has recently been nominated for the global award of World's Leading Business Hotel at 2017 World Travel Awards Grand Final which will take place on 10 December in Vietnam.
Transcorp Hilton Abuja is currently undergoing a $100million renovation project with all 670 rooms and common areas redesigned for refurbishment. This project – the first of its kind in the Hotel's history – is a testament to its unrivalled status; not only in Abuja as the city's iconic hub but also as a globally acclaimed brand.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 Danny Willett used an eagle at the par-five 13th to help overcome a shaky start in his bid to retain the U.S. Masters title at windswept Augusta National on Thursday.
Willett arrived at the year's first major under the radar given his poor play since last year's breakthrough triumph and seemed ready to fade from Masters memory after following up a double-bogey at the first with bogey at the second.
"You're almost kind of hoping that you dropped all your shots just in one go," the Englishman said of his mindset after the second hole. "And we kind of did. We played pretty steady from there on in."
Willet's opening tee shot sailed far right into the trees near a service road. He needed two shots to reach the fairway from there before landing on the green and two-putting.
The 575-yard par-five second offered a chance to get a stroke back but Willett sliced his drive on the way to a bogey for a start that could not have been further from what he envisioned while getting dressed in the Champions Locker Room.
Willet dug deep and responded quickly with a birdie at the par-four third and picked up another stroke at the par-four 10th where his approach from about 180 yards stopped some eight inches from the hole.
After a bogey at 11, the 29-year-old Willett finally grinded back to even par at the par-five 13th where he made the only eagle at the hole all day after his approach from 220 yards stopped about 11 feet from the cup.
A bogey at the last gave him a one-over-par 73 that left him eight shots back of first-round leader Charley Hoffman.
"We're just trying to get the game back in shape, regardless of where you are at and which week," said Willett, who has not won a tournament since last year when he became the second Englishman after Nick Faldo to don the Green Jacket.
"We're just trying to get the game back somewhere where we can get back up there and compete." (Editing by Larry Fine)
Singapore private home sales in May fall 3.2 pct y/y
SINGAPORE, June 15 Sales in Singapore of private homes by developers fell in May from a year earlier, government data showed on Thursday.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
LONDON May 3 Former champion Maria Sharapova's hopes of playing at this year's Wimbledon championships could hinge on a June 20 meeting of tournament organisers unless the Russian hits form in forthcoming events in Rome and Madrid.
Sharapova, who returned to action last week after a 15-month ban for an anti-doping violation, could still climb high enough in the WTA rankings to take her place in the Wimbledon qualifying tournament at Roehampton.
Failing that the 2004 champion would need a wildcard, either into the main draw or the qualifying event the week before.
"We have a long-standing tried and tested process (for awarding wildcards) in the week before qualifying and this year is no different," All England Club chairman Philip Brook said at a news conference on Wednesday.
"First we will see if Maria applies for a wildcard and if so we will consider her case alongside everyone else's.
"It will be a decision for the group on the day."
After reaching the semi-finals in Stuttgart last week, Sharapova's first tournament since her ban for taking the prohibited substance Meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open, her world ranking rose to 262 in the world rankings.
The cut-off date to enter Wimbledon's main draw is May 22, the day after the conclusion of the Rome tournament in which Sharapova has been handed a wildcard.
Even the Rome title would not put her high enough in the rankings to make the Wimbledon main draw, although a string of wins there and in Madrid the following week, where she also has a wildcard, could squeeze her into qualifying and potentially spare the England Club a tough decision.
Entry to the qualifying tournament closes on June 5.
Several players, including former world number one Caroline Wozniacki and former Wimbledon runner-up Eugenie Bouchard, have been highly critical of tournament organisers handing five-times grand slam champion Sharapova wildcards.
Brook said many factors would be considered before a decision was made.
"We look at who has done well in the lead up tournaments. We will also consider what might add interest to the tournament," he said. "If someone has a strong record at Wimbledon that would be taken into consideration."
Sharapova will learn on May 16 whether or not she will be awarded a wildcard for the French Open where she has twice been crowned champion. (Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Richard Lough)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
U.S. dollar notes are seen in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. Picture taken November 7. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
NEW YORK The dollar rose on Thursday, rebounding from a slide investors considered overdone following remarks by U.S. President Donald Trump that the currency was getting too strong and he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low.
The greenback and U.S. Treasury yields took a heavy hit after Trump's comments to the Wall Street Journal, in which he said the strength of the dollar would hurt the economy.
The dollar rose 0.45 percent against a basket of major currencies, on track for its largest one-day gain in two weeks. It fell 0.6 percent on Wednesday, the biggest one-day fall in more than three weeks. "Clearly, I think it was oversold yesterday," said Peter Ng, senior currency trader at Silicon Valley Bank in Santa Clara, California. "The market was very sensitive to headlines given how nervous it has become due to geopolitical risk."
Trading was also thinner than usual because of the Passover and Good Friday holiday observances in the United States and Europe this week, Ng said.
Having hit a five-month low of 108.73 yen in early Asian trading, the dollar steadied at 109.10 yen.
"Yes, it was negative what (Trump) said ... but it's not a big surprise – it wasn't a U-turn in his rhetoric on the exchange rate so far," said Commerzbank currency strategist Thu Lan Nguyen in Frankfurt.
"The question is, is he able to influence monetary policy in order to get a weaker dollar? That is still an open question."
Trump's remarks went against a long-standing practice of both U.S. Democratic and Republican administrations refraining from commenting on policy set by the independent Federal Reserve. It was also unusual for a president to talk about the value of the dollar, a subject usually left to the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury.
The dollar shed 1.75 percent against the yen this week, its fourth week lower in five, as a rise in tensions in Asia and Europe prompted buying of the safe-haven Japanese currency.
Investors are concerned about the upcoming French presidential election as well as possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea, and an escalation of tensions with Russia.
The euro fell 0.5 percent to $1.0619 after touching a one-week high in overnight trading. It gained 0.23 percent against the dollar for the week.
The dollar was little changed against China's offshore yuan, after falling to a six-day low on Wednesday. It had risen to a one-month high at the start of the week.
(Additional reporting by Jemima Kelly in London and Shinichi Saoshiro in Tokyo; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Andrew Hay)
The Delta State Police Command has recovered guns said to have been snatched by Niger Delta militants from officials of the Nigerian Immigration Service. The two automatic weapons were reported to have been seized from the officials on routine patrol in the creeks of the Niger Delta region to check the influx of illegal aliens … Continue reading Police Recover Guns Allegedly Snatched By Niger Delta Militants
The post Police Recover Guns Allegedly Snatched By Niger Delta Militants appeared first on Channels Television.
LONDON (AP) — British police have arrested an intruder who scaled scaffolding and got onto the roof of Parliament.
London's Metropolitan Police force says officers were called late Wednesday morning "to reports of a man acting suspiciously" near an entrance to the building. The man then climbed a fence and scaled scaffolding to the roof.
Parliament's Big Ben clock tower is currently covered in scaffolding for repair work.
The force says officers arrested the man for trespassing. The incident is not being treated as terrorism-related.
Advertisement
Photos showed armed police officers in the scaffolding after the arrest.
The intruder entered the grounds of Parliament at the Carriage Gates entrance. That's where a police officer was stabbed to death in March 2017 by an attacker who also ran down several pedestrians on nearby Westminster Bridge.
The band were due to play in Berlin.
Status Quo have apologised to fans for cancelling Monday night's show in Berlin after lead singer Francis Rossi was taken ill.
The band were due to perform at the Friedrichstadtpalast in the German capital, but a suspected chest infection has left Rossi “incapacitated”.
A statement said: “He appears to have picked up a chest infection which has left him incapacitated and unable to sing.
“He is currently receiving medical attention in Germany and has left it to the last possible moment to cancel in the hope that he would be able to recover enough to perform, but unfortunately that has not been the case.”
The band apologised to fans who were planning to attend the show, and said ticket holders should wait for a further announcement.
It is with great regret that Status Quo are forced to announce that tonight's show at the Friedrichstadtpalast in Berlin has had to be cancelled due to Francis Rossi being taken ill. pic.twitter.com/QI9YvZOEmm — Status Quo (@Status_Quo) December 11, 2017
Status Quo's manager Simon Porter added: “We hate to have to cancel shows and hope that the fans realise that these situations are outside of our control.
“There's absolutely no way that Francis could take to the stage and deliver the kind of performance that the band's fans expect and deserve.”
© Press Association 2017
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – ASX-listed metals developer Terramin Australia is undertaking a strategic review of its asset, with the company telling shareholders that the review could result in the demerger of its gold assets from its base metals business.
The company said on Wednesday that the strategic review will include its preproduction assets, exploration activities and cost structures in order to optimise Terramin's ability to deliver on its 2018 and long-term goals.
Advertisement
“The permitting of Terramin's strategic, long life zinc asset in Tala Hamza will continue to be Terramin's number one focus in 2018. It is important that the company is best placed to move quickly when approved,” said CEO Richard Taylor.
“Terramin's prospective gold assets in South Australia are also reaching an important phase and the strategic review is designed to settle on an approach that will best suit the development of both projects.”
Advertisement
Taylor said that the company would be guided by the experience of several successful demergers in recent years, of businesses that combined base or industrial minerals with precious metals.
As a standalone South Australian gold company, Terramin's gold assets could be substantial in their own right, he added. The company holds around 12 000 km2 of exploration area in South Australia, hosting an existing resource of 252 000 oz and a one-million-ounce exploration target.
In addition to investigating options for the gold assets, the review will also focus on reducing Terramin's cost base and refocusing expenditure on delivering on the company's new strategy.
The review will be completed in August.
April 10 United Continental Holdings Inc :
* United Continental Holdings Inc - UAL's March 2017 consolidated traffic (revenue passenger miles) increased 3.0 percent
* United Continental Holdings Inc - March consolidated capacity (available seat miles) increased 3.4 percent versus March 2016
* United Continental Holdings Inc - UAL's March 2017 consolidated load factor decreased 0.3 points compared to March 2016
* United Continental Holdings - co now expects first-quarter 2017 consolidated passenger unit revenue to be approximately flat compared to q1 of 2016
* United Continental Holdings Inc says march passenger load factor 79.6 pct versus 79.9 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists across Birmingham are facing delays following a smash on the M6.
Two lanes were closed on the M6 northbound between J6 and J7 due to a collision involving a car and HGV.
There are also delays from Junction 5 in Castle Bromwich.
Highways England said: "Recovery of HGV complete and we've re-opened the closed lanes northbound between J6 and J7. Allow time for delays to ease."
A recovery operation was underway on the M6 Northbound between J6 A38(M) Aston Expressway / A5127 Gravelly Hill / A38 Tyburn Road / Slade Road Spaghetti Junction and J7 A34 (Great Barr), congestion on M6 to J5 A452 (Castle Bromwich ).
M54 closed near Wolverhampton and Cannock after crash on flooded carriageway
Police have urged motorists to approach with caution.
A police spokesperson said: “The car had spun but no-one is seriously injured.”
Book Included with Group
Contact
Healing You, Healing Your Animal
Vicki Draper, Owner, Expert, Teacher
***@healingyouranimal.com Healing You, Healing Your AnimalVicki Draper, Owner, Expert, Teacher
End
-- Vicki Draper is a natural-born animal communicator, highly regarded modern-day healer and author who supports family animals with health, harmony, and ease, addressing wellness during every stage of your animal's life.With her skill set, she serves clients locally and remotely, nationally and internationally.Vicki is teaching a Worldwide Animal Communication Course called Animal Connection and Healing Group open to people locally, nationally and internationally.She is taking her book, "Bridging True Love Connection & Healing Between You and Your Animalsand bringing it to life in this class.People learn proven physical and energy healing techniques keeping not only their animal healthy, the person healthy too. Once class is dedicated to calming techniques for people and their animals. And people learn animal communication helping people and their animals bridge connection enhancing harmony in their lives.Classes will be held 1 hour a week for 8 weeks starting:Thursday September 21st – November 9th, 20176:00 – 7:00 pm Pacific Time via teleconference and FaceBookParticipants receive lecture documents, class recording, supplemental videos and handouts enriching their learning experience. And have this information as a resource tool the rest of their lives.Here is one participant's experience:Class size is limited, to reserve your spot visit:
Sayonara, then, to the grid girls, who have gone the same way as refuelling stops, driver medals and double-points races, consigned to the dustbin of Formula One ideas that once masqueraded as progress.
A penny for the thoughts of Lewis Hamilton, who last year took one look at the massed ranks of male journalists in Melbourne to declare that there needed to be "more ladies" in the paddock. "Too many dudes," he lamented.
Alas, Britain's four-time world champion, whose last sally into gender politics was to say of his nephew at Christmas that "boys don't wear dresses", has since been about as voluble as a Benedictine monk.
The decision by F1 owners Liberty Media to dispense with these women, on grounds that the custom "does not resonate with our brand values", will deprive Sebastian Vettel of much comic ammunition.
Advertisement
Glimpsing some Russian grid girls in 2015, standing at the back of the Sochi press room in diaphanous white dresses, he turned to Hamilton and said: "You just told me you're waiting for the girls to come over to your room at the Radisson. Room 708."
The German funster was similarly tickled by Monaco's one-off experiment in replacing the girls with male models. "You get there and park behind George or Dave. What's the point?"
So, no more trussing up young Japanese women like Hooters waitresses, and no more fitting out their Austrian counterparts with dirndls so twee that even Julie Andrews might think twice. The era of presenting women as mute, frivolous, rictus ornaments is over.
You do wonder, though, what took F1 so long, when most branches of motorsport reached the age of enlightenment a while back.
"For me, that is the past," said Gerard Neveu, chief executive of the world endurance championship, upon ditching the grid girl concept three years ago. "The condition of women is a little bit different now."
At one level, Liberty's move is a salutary one, signifying not just 21st-Century thinking but a repudiation of the dafter elements of the Bernie Ecclestone circus. Nominally still "chairman emeritus" of the sport he turned into a global behemoth, Ecclestone has been shunted into the remotest executive broom cupboard.
But at another level, the air-brushing of grid girls is mere window-dressing, threatening to expose a deeper hypocrisy. How, for example, can F1 proudly say that it is shelving a practice "at odds with modern-day societal norms", while still happy to prop up the grisly norms of a society like Bahrain?
The Bahrain Grand Prix, a fixture of the F1 calendar since 2004, stands as testament to Ecclestone's infamous question: "What human rights? I don't know what they are."
It was cancelled in 2011, after the government declared martial law to crush pro-democracy protests. In 2012, it somehow went ahead despite more bloodshed just a few kilometres from the track, with father-of-five Salah Abbas allegedly beaten to death by police on the eve of the race. Ever since, thanks to an expensive PR operation by the ruling Al-Khalifas, tales of such outrages have been deftly swept into the desert sand.
Be in no doubt, though, that the iron fist remains. Only this week, two Bahrainis were sentenced to death and another 47 stripped of citizenship on suspicion of Iranian-backed militancy, despite insistence by activists that those convicted were engaged in peaceful opposition.
Sayed Ahmed Alwadaei, director of the London-based Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy, described the ruling as the "latest episode in Bahrain's travesty of justice — and likely one of the most cruel".
This gives a flavour of a regime from which F1 is comfortable taking £30 million a year. The problem, alas, is a resolute incuriousness about the fetid politics in which this race is steeped.
Any journalists accredited for the grand prix are required to sign documents promising to cover nothing but F1 or risk the immediate loss of visas.
It is a wretched state of affairs, to which the worst response is indifference. And yet year after year, F1 heads there in a hermetically-sealed bubble. Jenson Button, in his McLaren days, could scarcely have been less bothered, claiming his routine in Manama consisted solely of "hotel, pool, track".
The demise of grid girls is all well and good, but it is ultimately a soft option, borne of calculations about image and branding. Withdrawing from Bahrain would be, by far, the more necessary defence of "societal values", to use Liberty's own language. It would confirm F1 had indeed changed.
- Telegraph Group Ltd
Below freezing temperatures and wintery weather conditions will keep Northamptonshire's gritters out on duty today.
With snow falling for most of Sunday, gritting crews headed out on several missions yesterday and overnight with snow-ploughs attached to clear the highways.
Up to seven inches of snow has fallen some parts of the county and motorists are advised to drive with caution.
Farmers assisted in a variety of locations on Sunday afternoon and were focused on maintaining access around hospitals, emergency service centres and on primary routes.
Gritting crews will be out today at the following times:
Saturday 6pm – the P1 routes
From Sunday 3am – continuous treatment of P1 routes with snow ploughs
Sunday 2pm – P1 routes with snow ploughs
Sunday 6.30pm – P1 routes with snow ploughs
Monday 1.30am – P1 routes
Monday 7am – P2 routes with snow ploughs
FILE PHOTO: Gas burns off at the al-Shuaiba oil refinery near Basra, Iraq, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Essam Al-Sudani/File Photo
DUBAI Iraqi fuel oil exports have soared since January despite a reduction in the country's crude production in line with OPEC supply cuts, industry sources said, in what could be a way to boost output of refined products and maintain oil revenues.
Iraq on average exported between 80,000 and 160,000 tonnes of fuel oil per month in 2016, data collected by Thomson Reuters Oil Research showed.
But volumes sold to Asia have jumped this year, with Iraq's global exports of fuel oil reaching more than 500,000 tonnes in March alone, according to Reuters data.
The soaring exports of high-quality straight-run fuel oil (SRFO) are an attempt to support revenues amid the OPEC cuts in which Iraq reluctantly agreed to participate, saying it would reduce crude output by 210,000 barrels per day (bpd).
Iraq has processed more crude through its refineries, turning it into fuel oil for export, five industry sources with knowledge of the matter said.
"The Iraqis have been processing more crude internally than exporting it, hence there are more fuel oil exports," said one Middle East-based industry source, speaking on condition of anonymity as he was not authorised to talk to the media.
A manager at an Iraqi-headquartered energy trading company said: "The Iraqis have been working on optimising fuel oil exports ... in a move to compensate for the OPEC (crude) cuts."
Other Middle East trade sources said Iraq had been blending the high-quality fuel oil it produces with either crude or naphtha before exporting it.
The effect has been felt as far as Singapore, Asia's main oil-trading and storage hub. Trade data compiled by Reuters shows imports of Iraqi fuel oil at 0.94 million tonnes in the first quarter of 2017, nearly double the 0.48 million tonnes imported during the whole of 2016.
One characteristic of high-quality fuel oil is that it can be used as crude which, according to traders, is what is happening with Iraq's supplies.
"This stuff (the fuel oil), it's going straight into refineries," said one Singapore-based fuel oil trader, adding that Shell's 500,000-bpd Pulau Bukom refinery in Singapore had taken several cargoes of Iraqi fuel oil.
The fuel oil, like crude, is then refined into other products such as jet fuel, gasoline or diesel.
Shell declined to comment on the details of its commercial agreements.
Traders said some of the high-grade fuel oil had also been shipped to the United States.
Fuel oil is a byproduct of crude oil refining. High-quality variants such as SRFO can be further refined into higher-value gasoline and diesel, while lower-quality fuel oils are typically used in large marine vessels and power plants.
Iraq's bulging fuel oil exports have contributed to a glut. In Singapore, premiums on fuel oil prices came under pressure in the first quarter as inventories hit a near eight-month high.
Likewise, fuel oil inventories in the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp hub soared to their highest since records began in 1995 in the first quarter, as fewer shipments were sent to Singapore's already burgeoning storage tanks.
(Additional reporting by Rania El Gamal; Editing by Henning Gloystein and Dale Hudson)
By Tracy Wang
Since its first boutique in downtown Seattle in 1998, flora and henri has grown much throughout the years. From satellite boutiques located in New York and California, to a successful e-commerce shop, flora and henri is finally back in Seattle with a physical concept shop in Pioneer Square which opened on June 14th, 2017.
With its original vision being a line of American-designed children's clothing for age of newborn through 12 years that can capture a child's pure and simple beauty, flora and henri strives to create ‘a much sought-after catalogue that featured stunning and artful photography', said its owner Jane Hedreen. Other than boutiques in New York and California, the online shop grew to include more products from boutiques of a similar sensibility, and started to offer many more selections on its popular catalogues.
In 2015, two new lines of carefully chosen products, ‘live and love' and ‘flora femme', were introduced for women, love, life and home. In order to create a space for customers to be able to touch and feel their products in full light, Hedreen decided to open a full concept shop that occupies a 3,000-square-foot space in Pioneer Square with high ceilings and natural light streaming in. “The flora and henri concept store is where you will find everything you need to live a thoughtful life, filled with love and beauty, in a unique, artisanal space,” said Hedreen. Including products for all ages, it hopes to create an environment in which customers can shop for their entire families, and find carefully-curated childrenswear, toys, women's apparel, a broad range of cards, gifts, books, and also men's accessories.
In the belief that Pioneer Square is ‘the most authentic area of our city for creative people to live, work and play', Hedreen thinks that the rich history and character of Pioneer Square can complement her store. Striving to have more human interaction which flora and henri has lost with e-commerce through the newly-opened store, the physical concept shop allows visitors to relax with a cup of coffee, meet the team, as well as discover new brands. As the owner of the shop, Hedreen expressed her gratitude and joy in working with so many talented and created women and men who provide valuable insights in creating such a comprehensive and interactive concept shop.
When asked what the best way to stay connected with flora and henri is, Hedreen answered, ‘The best way to stay up to date with flora and henri is to join our constant contact email list for direct email information on our goings on.' Following the brand on Facebook and Instagram is another way to learn the latest news.
Information on flora and henri:
Address: 401 1st Ave South, Seattle, WA 98104
Store hours: Monday – Friday 10am -7pm
Saturday 11am -7pm, and Sunday 11am -5pm
Phone: 206-749-9698
Web: www.florahenri.com
Social: www.facebook.com/florahenri, www.instagram.com/flora_henri
Dallas Mavericks center Jeff Withey (17) puts up a shot during the second half of an NBA preseason basketball game against the Milwaukee Bucks at American Airlines Center on Monday, Oct. 2, 2017, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Basketball has changed, and the big men have had to adapt.
In today's NBA, very few players actually play the pivot the way George Mikan, Wilt Chamberlain, Bill Russell, Hakeem Olajuwon or Shaquille O'Neal intended it to be played.
Jeff Withey don't play center anymore -- at least, not the way he learned the position growing up.
"You got more guards posting up than big guys," Withey said. "In high school, that's all I did, and I don't think I've posted up in the NBA ever."
Instead, the 7-footer from Kansas has joined the Mavericks with the hope that he will get the chance to show his perimeter game. He flashed an improving 3-point shot on Thursday in Orlando when he made three of four shots from beyond the arc.
He had 11 points and pulled down eight rebounds in just under 20 minutes of playing time against the Magic.
Coach Rick Carlisle's passion for big men that can shoot the 3 is a major reason why Withey are in Dallas. He signed a two-year contract, of which only part of this season is guaranteed.
"In Utah [the last two seasons], they told me to work on my 3," Withey said. "And I did two years ago. Then I got back, and they wanted me to roll to the basket. I've been developing it. That's why I wanted to get somewhere that they'd let me shoot it."
If there's one thing Carlisle wants, it's big men who can shoot. He took Al-Farouq Aminu a few years back and rekindled his career with the 3-ball.
Withey has always been a good rebounder per minute. And ultimately, that's what's going to get him on the floor.
But the 3-point weapon is something he's worked on. And Carlisle will never discourage him from shooting it.
"We like his length, shot-blocking ability," Carlisle said. "Mark [Cuban] was really a key guy on this. He'd been studying him for a while. And he's shown that he can knock in some perimeter shots from time to time.
"Looking at his shooting technique on film, there may be a viability for him to become a 5-man who can shoot the ball from the perimeter. In certain situations, we have him popping. I understand it's going to be a process."
The Mavericks at some point in the summer were uncertain how the Nerlens Noel situation would play out. For that reason, they wanted to sign Withey as a bit of insurance.
"He's a backup caliber player in this league," Carlisle said. "He's demonstrated both in Utah and with New Orleans that if called upon, he's always ready to play. And he's doing well in camp."
Withey figures to make the final roster because of his size and his ability to get rebounds and make an occasional outside shot.
"That's one thing that got me here, plus the playing opportunity," he said. "There will be some because Dirk [Nowitzki] is up in age and learning from Dirk will be great, too."
Briefly: The Mavericks got a day off Friday after returning from Orlando in the wee hours and having played back-to-back games. The preseason resumes Monday against Orlando at American Airlines Center.
Rookie Dennis Smith Jr. got a surprise visit from Hall of Famer Tracy McGrady on Thursday in Orlando. McGrady recently took a front-office job with the Magic. "That was almost unreal," Smith said. "T-Mac's a guy you watched so much growing up. For him to even know who you are, much less talk to you, it was crazy."
Twitter: @ESefko
The Qatar crisis has infected the country's relations with Iran. Despite a recent rapprochement between the two Gulf states, Iran is noticeably taking a back seat in the diplomatic tussle....
read more...
Published By: DW World - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
THE Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) reiterated its commitment to responsible gaming to ensure people are protected from the adverse consequences of high-stakes gambling that may lead to addiction.
“Our gaming products are into responsible gaming. It has charity and I think no one will get into a mess because of a P20 bet,” PCSO General Manager Alexander Balutan said.
He was reacting to the call of Lingayen-Dagupan Archbishop Emeritus Oscar Cruz, an anti-illegal gambling advocate, who renewed his campaign to stop casinos and other forms of gambling.
“PCSO is different from the usual casino operation where profit is the main driver. From the beginning, our purpose of being is to do charity work. We used to do it through our different game products, like Lotto, KENO, Sweepstakes and Small Town Lottery (STL). Our objective is to help Filipinos,” Balutan said.
“We are always into responsible gaming. In every P20 worth of lotto ticket, P6 goes to charitable services of the agency,” he added.
He said Filipinos, particularly those in the countryside, have always been into gaming and will likely continue to play games like “jueteng” or “masiao” even if the PCSO stops all its gaming operations.
“Illegal gambling lords will continue to operate in connivance with their protectors. They do not pay taxes. They underpay their employees. They contribute nothing to national development. If we stop PCSO gaming operations, illegal gambling lords will return with a vengeance,” Balutan said.
“If we decide to stop gaming, we should first target illegal gambling which profits no one.
Balutan also warned illegal gambling operators, particularly those who are using STL as a front of their illegal activity, to stop their illicit activities.
He again appealed to the Philippine National Police and other law enforcement agencies to intensify their campaign against illegal gambling.
From January to April, the PCSO generated more than P16 billion from its different game products, 32.29 percent higher than its income for the same period last year. The revenues helped 117,954 beneficiaries under the Individual Medical Assistance Program of the agency.
“The improved sales of the expanded STL resulted to the generation of more than P3.88 billion, an increase of 135.26 percent compared with the same period last year,” Balutan said. NEIL A. ALCOBER
March 29 ConocoPhillips:
* ConocoPhillips announces sale of Foster Creek Christina Lake partnership interest and Western Canada deep basin gas assets to Cenovus for $13.3 billion; significant transaction accelerates value proposition
* ConocoPhillips - cash portion of proceeds will be used to reduce debt to $20 billion in 2017 and double existing share repurchase authorization to $6 billion
* ConocoPhillips- also intends to triple its planned 2017 buybacks from $1 billion to $3 billion, with remaining $3 billion allocated to 2018 and 2019
* ConocoPhillips - disposed assets had a net book value of approximately $10.9 billion as of Dec. 31, 2016
* ConocoPhillips - ConocoPhillips Canada will retain its operated 50 percent interest in Surmont Oil Sands joint venture
* ConocoPhillips - ConocoPhillips Canada will retain its operated 100 percent Blueberry-Montney unconventional acreage position
* ConocoPhillips- full-year estimated 2017 production and operating expenses associated with assets being sold is $0.4 billion
* ConocoPhillips- company does not expect any change to 2017 capital expenditures
* ConocoPhillips - expects to recognize a financial tax accounting benefit of approximately $1 billion in Q1 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
PARIS Reuters) - French manufacturing activity rose to a six-year high in April as new orders improved further even though firms raised prices to pass on higher raw material costs, a survey showed on Tuesday.
Data compiler IHS Markit said its final purchasing managers' index rose to 55.1 in April from 53.3 in March, reaching the highest level since April 2011.
That was unchanged from a preliminary reading and kept the index comfortably above the 50-point line dividing expansions in activity from contractions.
The flow of new orders improved for the seventh month in a row to also reach a six-year high, with some firms reporting improved demand from the construction sector, which is in the early stages of a recovery after a slump.
Boosted by a relatively weak euro, foreign orders improved on demand from Asia, Brazil, India and Spain even though French manufacturers raised prices for the six month in a row.
"The rate of job creation accelerated, while businesses remained optimistic towards their future growth prospects, indicating that growth momentum is likely to continue in the months ahead," IHS Markit economist Alex Gill said.
((Reporting by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Hugh Lawson))
Norway's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO, June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent, the Norwegian Home Builders' Association (NHBA) said on Thursday.
At an emotional court martial in Japan in 2004, Jenkins said he deserted to avoid hazardous duty in South Korea and escape combat in Vietnam.
A U.S. soldier who deserted to North Korea more than half a century ago, but who was eventually allowed to leave the secretive state, has died in Japan aged 77.
One of the Cold War's strangest dramas began in 1965 when Charles Robert Jenkins, then a 24-year-old army sergeant nicknamed “Scooter” from tiny Rich Square in North Carolina, disappeared one January night while on patrol near the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.
At an emotional court martial in Japan in 2004, Jenkins - who had never gone to high school - said he deserted to avoid hazardous duty in South Korea and escape combat in Vietnam.
“It was Christmas time, it was also cold and dark. I started to drink alcohol. I never had drunk so much alcohol,” he said in a thick Southern accent, choking back sobs.
He drank 10 beers, took his men on patrol and told them to wait while he checked the road below. He then walked towards North Korea, holding a rifle with a white t-shirt tied around it. He said he had planned to go to Russia and turn himself in, and had not expected North Korea to keep him.
While in North Korea, where he taught English to soldiers and portrayed an evil U.S. spy in a propaganda film, Jenkins met and married Hitomi Soga, a Japanese woman 20 years his junior who had been kidnapped by North Korea to help train spies.
Fear for his safety and the family he built with Soga made it impossible to refuse any demands made on him, Jenkins said.
“You don't say no to North Korea. You say one thing bad about Kim Il-sung and then you dig your own hole, because you're gone,” Jenkins told his court martial, referring to the founder of the secretive state.
Soga was allowed to return to Japan in 2002 and Jenkins followed with their two North Korean-born daughters in 2004.
After serving a token 30-day sentence for desertion, Jenkins moved with his family to Sado, Soga's rural hometown, late in 2004. He subsequently worked in a gift shop and wrote a book about his experiences in North Korea.
A Sado town official confirmed his death, but could give no further details.
(This version of the story fixes typo in first paragraph)
Banner / Thumbnail : Reuters, Eriko Sugita
Sure, the pre-cut Douglas and Noble firs from Oregon and Washington that fill our Christmas tree lots at this time of year make fine Christmas trees. But isn't it more fun to make a family outing to cut one of your own from a local tree farm?
Not only are they more fun, but more practical because a fresh-cut tree will last longer than one cut who-knows-how-long-ago. And they may be more aesthetic if your fancy runs beyond the Doug Fir and Noble axis. You may find a variety of evergreens you like even more. They're out there, waiting to be discovered; hoping, like Charlie Brown's poor little runt of a tree, to be taken home and loved.
A survey of some of our local Christmas tree farms found a number of these lesser-known varieties available to adorn with lights and ornaments. They're less favored not because they're less beautiful or functional, but because the mass market doesn't fill our big box store lots with them. Let's take a look.
Little Hills Christmas Tree Farm: 961 Chapman Lane, Petaluma; 763-4678; littlehillschristmastree.com
Kriss and Carol Mungle started this 10-acre tree farm in 1988. They sell pre-cut Doug and Noble firs, but their acres are filled with a variety of other species, including natives like the Monterey Pine. It's the most widely planted pine tree in the world because of its fast growth. It has a casual, rustic look and an open, airy habit that makes it suited for hanging ornaments.
The most popular Christmas tree in Southern California is the Leyland Cypress, and it's gaining in popularity here, too. You can find it ready to be cut at Little Hills and other farms. It first appeared in Wales in 1888 when a Monterey Cypress crossed with a nearby Alaskan Cedar and made a natural hybrid. The fast-growing pyramidal tree has a dense, textured, feathery appearance with deeply-colored forest-green foliage.
“Of the trees people cut at our farm, Monterey Pines and Leyland Cypress are the most popular,” Kriss Mungle says. “People who grew up on the East Coast tend to prefer the Noble Firs because they resemble the Balsam Firs that are so popular back there.”
Frosty Mountain Tree Farm: 3600 Mariola Road, Sebastopol; 707-829-2351; frostymountaintreefarm.com
If you know the ornamental Colorado Blue Spruce, you'll know it as a stocky tree with stiff blue-green needles. Its cousin, the White Spruce, is similar, but taller and more slender, with stiff, four-sided blue-green needles. It makes an excellent Christmas tree and it grows at Bill and Lynn Garlock's Frosty Mountain Tree Farm. “I like it because it's tolerant of wet soil,” Bill Garlock says, speaking like a true farmer.
The most popular tree for cutting on his 12-acre farm is the Doug Fir, but the Garlocks also have Scotch Pine, Sequoia Redwood, and Leyland Cypress to choose from. The Scotch Pine is native to Europe and Asia and holds its needles even when the tree dries out — a boon during the holiday season. According to the National Christmas Tree Association, it's the most popular Christmas tree variety in America.
Garlock Tree Farm: 2275 Bloomfield Road, Sebastopol; 707-823-4307; garlocktreefarm.com
The late Bob and Sally Garlock started this playland of a tree farm in 1966, and it's now run by their descendants. Besides cut-your-own trees, the farm has horse-drawn carriage rides, tractor-pulled hayrides, a jump house, picnic area, and more, so bring the kids and a basket of eats. Besides the usual Doug Firs and White Pines, this farm has White Fir, a native of the High Sierra. Its branches show good separation so it provides a fine scaffolding for ornaments. It has a sharp and piney, almost citrusy scent. You can also find the Grand Fir here. While native to the Pacific Northwest, this lovely fir's lower range extends down to Gualala and it does fine planted in Sebastopol.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department said in a report submitted to Congress this week that expanding sanctions on Russia to include new sovereign debt would have “negative spillover effects” on global financial markets and businesses.
Given Russia's large economy and deep connections to world markets, widening debt-related sanctions could hurt “both the Russian Federation and U.S. investors and businesses,” said the report, submitted to Congress on Monday and obtained by Reuters on Friday.
Russian government bonds, known as OFZs, rallied on the news of Treasury's position. Investors in OFZ bonds, popular for their lucrative yields, have been on alert about new sanctions recently and have bought Russian debt for fear of losing access to it in the future.
While Treasury's memo does not make any recommendation for or against future sanctions, the congressionally mandated report repeatedly cites the risk that expanded measures could harm U.S. investors.
The memo, which was first reported by Bloomberg, said that strengthening sanctions on sovereign debt could put downward pressure on Russian economic growth, increase the strain on the banking sector and “lead to Russian retaliation against U.S. interests” and could affect the “competitiveness of large U.S. asset managers.”
The United States imposed sanctions on Russia to punish Moscow over its 2014 annexation of Crimea. The sanctions targeted some of the most important sectors of the Russian economy by limiting U.S. financing available to some of Russia's most powerful energy enterprises and banks.
For example, last year Washington toughened restrictions on energy giants like Gazprom and Lukoil, prohibiting U.S. banks from issuing them new debt with longer than 60-day maturity.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told lawmakers at a hearing on Tuesday that new sanctions would eventually be imposed on Russia in response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. election.
A Treasury spokesman said in an emailed reply to questions that while expanding the debt sanctions even more would hurt Russia, it could also “hinder U.S. business in both the financial sector and real economy and potentially disrupt global markets.”
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Tuesday published a list of 210 Russians, including 96 so-called oligarchs worth $1 billion or more, as required under a sanctions law passed by Congress.
It did not, however, immediately impose any new penalties on them, drawing criticism from senior Democrats in Congress, who accused Trump of being soft on Russian President Vladimir Putin.
BEIJING, April 28 China had 33.25 million tonnes of crude oil in its Strategic Petroleum Reserves (SPR) across nine bases by the middle of 2016, the Commerce Ministry said on Friday, its first update on one of the world's largest oil reserves in just over six months.
In its last update in September last year, the government said it had 31.97 million tonnes at the start of 2016. (Reporting by Josephine Mason; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
May 3 Zumiez Inc
* Zumiez Inc. reports april 2017 sales results
* April sales $56.5 million
* April same store sales rose 7.8 percent
* Zumiez Inc- Comparable sales increased 7.8% for four-week period compared to a comparable sales decrease of 6.0% in year ago period
* Expects Q1 2017 net loss per share to be towards low end of its guidance range of $0.17 to $0.21 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the US championship matches on Wednesday Wednesday, April 19 New England Revolution 0 San Jose Earthquakes 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts Eastern Conference 1 Columbus Crew 7 4 1 2 11 8 13 2 Orlando City SC 5 4 0 1 6 4 12 3 Chicago Fire 6 3 2 1 9 7 11 4 New York City FC 6 3 1 2 10 5 10 5 New York Red Bulls 7 3 1 3 7 9 10 6 Atlanta United FC 6 2 2 2 14 7 8 7 New England Revolution 7 2 2 3 9 9 8 8 DC United 6 2 1 3 4 10 7 9 Toronto FC 6 1 4 1 7 6 7 10 Montreal Impact 6 1 3 2 7 9 6 11 Philadelphia Union 6 0 2 4 5 11 2 Western Conference 1 Portland Timbers 7 4 1 2 16 9 13 2 Sporting Kansas City 6 3 3 0 6 2 12 3 FC Dallas 5 3 2 0 7 3 11 4 Houston Dynamo 6 3 1 2 13 11 10 5 San Jose Earthquakes 7 2 3 2 8 8 9 6 Real Salt Lake 7 2 2 3 8 9 8 7 Vancouver Whitecaps 6 2 1 3 8 11 7 8 LA Galaxy 6 2 0 4 8 10 6 9 Seattle Sounders 6 1 3 2 8 8 6 10 Minnesota United FC 7 1 2 4 12 24 5 11 Colorado Rapids 5 1 1 3 5 8 4 Next Fixtures (GMT): Friday, April 21 Toronto FC v Chicago Fire (2330) Saturday, April 22 Philadelphia Union v Montreal Impact (1700) Houston Dynamo v San Jose Earthquakes (2000) Portland Timbers v Vancouver Whitecaps (2000) New England Revolution v DC United (2330) New York Red Bulls v Columbus Crew (2330) Sunday, April 23 FC Dallas v Sporting Kansas City (0000) Real Salt Lake v Atlanta United FC (0130) New York City FC v Orlando City SC (1730) LA Galaxy v Seattle Sounders (2000) Minnesota United FC v Colorado Rapids (2200)
Mohammad Noaim Abdul Maute, a member of the Maute Group, was arrested Thursday by a group of soldiers and policemen in Cagayan de Oro City.
Mohammad, also known by his alias “Abu Jadid,” was captured at 6:30 a.m. in Sta. Cruz, Macasandig, Cagayan de Oro City.
He was taken to a nearby police station for booking and documentation.
Mohammad admitted that he was included in the gallery of members of the local terrorist group. Dempsey Reyes
Poultry samples from markets in Metro Manila were found to be contaminated with drug-resistant Campylobacter bacteria, a cause of acute gastroenteritis, a soon-to-be published study by University of the Philippines researchers found.
The research team from the UP Institute of Biology and Natural Sciences Research Institute tested 265 samples of chicken parts from 15 wet markets and 15 supermarkets in Metro Manila, and found 202 of them, or about 76 percent, contaminated with either Campylobacter jejuni or Campylobacter coli bacteria, both of which can cause gastroenteritis.
Acute gastroenteritis from Campylobacter infection causes 400 million to 500 million cases of diarrhea annually, the researchers said. Data from the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) indicate that gastroenteritis is responsible for 1.5 million to 2.5 million deaths annually, mainly among children in developing countries. In a 2010 study, NIH researchers said that up to 12 percent of deaths among children under five years old could be attributed to gastroenteritis.
In addition, the UP researchers found that most of the bacteria in the contaminated samples were resistance to the common antibiotics used to fight them. “Nearly all of the isolates were resistant to clindamycin (98.6 percent), erythromycin (98.6 percent), nalidixic acid (98.1 percent), and tetracycline (94.2%), while resistance to chloramphenicol (52.7 percent) and gentamicin (65.2 percent) were not as prevalent,” the study's findings said.
The researchers said that samples from chicken skin and chicken liver had the highest levels of contamination.
The study also pointed out that the levels of contamination in samples from Metro Manila were apparently higher than in similar earlier studies conducted in Laguna and Nueva Ecija, and that samples taken from wet markets showed higher levels of drug resistance than those taken from supermarkets.
“The presence of drug resistant Campylobacter in the samples tested is also a public health concern,” the study concluded. “Further monitoring of chicken products is suggested since the level and type of contamination represents a significant risk to consumers, unless food safety management strategies and pathogen reduction performance standards are implemented strictly in key production points to lower pathogen carriage in public markets.”
The study, an advance version of which has been made available online, will be published in a forthcoming issue of the Japanese Journal of Infectious Diseases.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and his colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But he says scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," he says.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
March 30 Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc
* Proteostasis Therapeutics reports fourth quarter and year-end 2016 financial results and provides corporate update
* Qtrly net loss per share attributable to common stockholders-basic and diluted $0.38
* Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc says plans for phase 1 trial, which will also investigate PTI-801 in cf patients, to run in U.S. and European sites
* Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc says expects data from patients stable on Orkambi who have been dosed with PTI-801 for 14 days in second half of 2017
* Proteostasis - Expects cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments sufficient to fund operating expenses and capex requirements through Q2 of 2018
* Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc - Qtrly loss per share $0.38
* Q4 earnings per share view $-0.52 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Comming soon as Sharanya Bisht 😊 @sonytvofficial @lsdfilmspvtltd #EkDeewaanaTha
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on Sep 21, 2017 at 8:49pm PDT
"Follow ur soul, it knows the way" 😊
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on Sep 16, 2017 at 3:09am PDT
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on
Long awaited picture ☺ #Santoor #santoorgirl #behindthescenes #tajmahal #agra #adshoot #throughback
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on Sep 9, 2017 at 1:32am PDT
"Her soul is too deep to be explored by shallow people" Photography - @superstarproduction #donalbisht
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on Jul 24, 2017 at 5:02am PDT
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on
"Her soul is too deep to be explored by shallow people" Photography - @superstarproduction #donalbisht
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on Jul 24, 2017 at 5:02am PDT
"When you love life, life loves you back" #totalbliss 😇 Photography - @superstarproduction #donalbisht
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on Jul 18, 2017 at 11:14pm PDT
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on
"Life is beautiful you just have to live the right way" Photography -@superstarproduction #donalbisht
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on Jul 9, 2017 at 12:24am PDT
😊 Photography - @superstarproduction #donalbisht
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on Jun 28, 2017 at 11:44pm PDT
A post shared by Donal Bisht (@donalbisht) on
New Delhi: TV Actress Donal Bisht, the female protagonist of forthcoming Sony Entertainment Television thriller show "Ek Deewaana Tha", has stopped reading scripts at night due to the fear of the unknown."This is the first time I am working in a different TV series such as 'Ek Deewaana Tha'. The creative team has considered all aspects to make this show a wholesome entertaining experience for audiences," Donal said in a statement.She added: "The script has an interesting mix of suspense, thrill and romance which makes it a unique proposition. Owing to the thrill component, multiple sequences of the show highlight my encounters with a supernatural entity."As a kid I used to read scary novels and that instilled a fear of the paranormal in me, reading the script at night shook me to the core, wherein I have made a habit of reading the scripts during daytime now."The show, which will air on Sony Entertainment Television, also stars TV actor Namik Paul and Vikram Singh Chauhan. Donal has acted in TV shows like, 'Kalash' and 'Twist Wala Love'.
TORONTO/NEW YORK, April 13 Chevron Corp, the second-largest U.S.-based oil producer, is exploring the sale of its 20 percent stake in Canada's Athabasca Oil Sands project, which could fetch about $2.5 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The company has discussed with investment banks the prospect of selling the stake in the western Canadian oil sands project, one of the people said.
The possible sale comes after Royal Dutch Shell last month agreed to sell most of its Canadian oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources Ltd for $8.5 billion.
Chevron does not find the oil sands business appealing in the current environment, as low oil prices make it more challenging for global producers to generate strong profits, the people said, declining to be named as the matter is confidential.
The California-based company is close to making a decision, taking into account factors such as price, the people added.
A Chevron spokesman declined to comment. (Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and David French in New York; Additional reporting by Ernest Scheyder in Houston, Nia Williams in Calgary and Jessica Resnick-Ault in New York; Editing by Denny Thomas)
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
May 2 Alamo Group Inc
* Alamo Group Inc to acquire Santa Izabel Agro Industria Ltda in Brazil Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LOS ANGELES A thousand-year-old Japanese poem inspired filmmaker Makoto Shinkai to create "Your Name," an animated story that weaves love and time travel into what he called a message of hope for Japanese millennials.
"Your Name" (Kimi No Na Wa) follows Mitsuha, a young girl fed up with living in an idyllic rural Japanese village, and Taki, a teenage boy in Tokyo. The two find themselves waking up randomly in each other's bodies.
Shinkai, speaking in Japanese, told Reuters that he drew from poet Ono no Komachi's words written centuries ago in which she described meeting a lover in a dream and waking up feeling sad.
In "Your Name," Taki and Mitsuha live each other's lives, leaving notes on their cell phones of their experiences, but when Taki tries to find Mitsuha, his fate takes a fantastical turn as time bends into alternate realities.
The film opens in U.S. theaters on Friday after topping the Japanese box office in 2016 with nearly $215 million, according to film tracker BoxOfficeMojo.com.
Shinkai, 44, the filmmaker behind 2013's "The Garden of Words," said he wanted to make a movie aimed at younger Japanese audiences in which "they can believe in their future."
"I created this movie hoping that younger audiences would believe that ‘maybe there is the one in my life I might have not met yet but hopefully will see tomorrow or in the future,'" he said.
The juxtaposition of Mitsuha's rural, traditional lifestyle with Taki's modern city life was something Shinkai said he drew from his own life, growing up in a small village and later moving to Tokyo, a city that he said "feels like almost a different country" within Japan.
"I think it is one of the common themes for many Japanese people to choose where to live, Tokyo or their hometown," he said.
Shinkai has been hailed as the successor to animator Hayao Miyazaki, the Studio Ghibli co-founder behind films such as "Howl's Moving Castle" and "Spirited Away." But Shinkai said that while he was "honored and flattered" by the comparison, "people are overestimating me."
"Miyazaki has a great talent, but I really struggle every time I create a new film and am far from Miyazaki," he said.
"At the same time, I'm younger than him so I intend to make more animation films, which cannot be the same as his but created in a different way for my audience."
(The story was refiled to correct the spelling in paragraph 5 to boxofficemojo.com instead of boxofficermojo.com)
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Leslie Adler)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
FILE PHOTO - Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari speaks during German President Joachim Gauck's visit to the State House in Abuja, Nigeria February 11, 2016. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde/File Photo
LAGOS Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari's health is not as poor as assumed, his wife said on Tuesday, trying to assuage growing concerns in the oil producer over her husband's ability to work.
Buhari, 74, did not attend a cabinet meeting last Wednesday, choosing to rest and work from home, his second consecutive absence from the weekly meeting chaired by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo.
"I wish to inform everyone that his health is not as bad as it's being perceived," his wife Aisha Buhari tweeted. "Meanwhile he carries out his responsibilities during this period."
She did not discuss what Buhari was suffering from, which officials have declined to reveal.
She said her husband was meeting the head of the state oil company NNPC and the justice minister on Tuesday night.
"I thank all Nigerians for their concern, love and prayers over my husband's health status," she wrote.
Buhari returned home in March after nearly two months' medical leave in Britain and said he would need more rest and health tests. Details of his medical condition were not disclosed.
His spokesman said on Thursday there was no need to worry about him, adding Buhari had gone through the worst period of his recovery in London.
Osinbajo, a lawyer who is seen as more business-friendly than Buhari, has played an active role in driving policy changes, chairing cabinet meetings during the president's medical leave.
(Reporting by Ulf Laessing, Alexis Akwagyiram and Felix Onuah; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise, Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI, June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight, while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool.
LONDON, March 30 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - T echnological advances, including the spread of high-speed internet, have fuelled a surge in the Philippines of the sexual abuse of children as young as one year old in front of a live webcam, an anti-slavery group said.
Victims of this crime are often much younger than those trapped in other forms of modern slavery, said International Justice Mission (IJM), which started a campaign this week to raise awareness about cybersex trafficking.
"It's particularly brutal because it targets incredibly young boys and girls ... who are often being exploited for profit by the very people that should protect them - their parents," said IJM UK's chief executive David Westlake.
IJM said more than half the victims it has rescued have been between one and 12 years old.
The charity said one child it rescued was a seven-year-old boy who was made to perform sexual acts with his two-year-old sister in footage streamed to global viewers.
The United Nations children's agency UNICEF estimates 1.8 million children are trafficked into the sex trade every year - but this does not include cybersex trafficking.
The Philippines national police receive well over 2,000 referrals of potential online exploitation of children a month, according to the IJM.
The Philippine Department of Justice reported more than 8,000 referrals from the U.S.-based National Center for Missing & Exploited Children in the first four months of 2015.
IJM, whose campaign is called #NotOnMyScreen, said cybersex trafficking is a relatively low risk crime since it is committed in private in the home.
It said the widespread use of English in the Philippines was another reason why the crime has surged in the Southeast Asian country since viewers from around the world often give the victims instructions in English.
Westlake said perpetrators and viewers are protected by online anonymity and anyone can carry out the crime with just internet access and a webcam or a mobile phone.
"Although it happens over the internet, it's real abuse happening to real children right now," he said. (Reporting by Ed Upright, Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
Following two days of deliberation, which included a presentation by the Department of Mineral Resources (DMR), mining-affected communities have rejected the current draft of the Mining Charter, as gazetted by Mineral Resources Minister Gwede Mantashe last month.
This follows after 100 community representatives from several organisations gathered in Johannesburg on July 2 to consider the latest iteration of the draft charter.
The organisations included Mining Affected Communities United in Action (Macua), Women from Mining Affected Communities United in Action (Wamua) and Mining and Environmental Justice Community Network of South Africa (Mejcon-SA).
Advertisement
The parties resolved that those community representatives invited to the Mining Charter Summit, due to be held on July 7 and 8, should attend and express the collective outcomes of this week's community conference.
At the centre of its resolution, Macua and Wamua said, is the DMR's alleged refusal to include Macua, Wamua and Mejcon in negotiations on the charter despite a court directing the DMR to do so.
Advertisement
According to the statement on Wednesday, communities expressed anger and disappointment that the Minister and the DMR had shown “a complete disregard for their fundamental human right to be treated as equals and instead the DMR treated communities as if they had no rights”.
Appealing to the DMR, Macua national coordinator Meshack Mbangula requested that the department “listen to communities who have fundamental and inalienable human rights to be heard”, and as such, suggested that the DMR should start formulating a charter that will appropriately reflect what communities have been asking for in the Peoples' Mining Charter.
During the two-day conference this week, the parties said the proposed Mining Charter III is “deeply flawed”, with some of the key concerns, namely the definition of communities, not being specified.
The lack of a distinction between an affected community and the broader municipality, has been used to enrich municipalities at the expense of those communities who suffer undermining, the parties noted.
Gender, meanwhile, is not included extensively enough to shift the patriarchal nature of the sector and the targets for women's empowerment need to be significantly increased in all areas of the charter, the parties noted in a statement.
Further, they called for social and labour plan (SLP) budgets to be specified according to an agreed target and to be made transparent, adding that SLPs should include consent from the affected communities.
“The budget, if not spent, needs to be carried over into the new period and not amended”.
Further, the new draft Mining Charter excludes the principle of ‘Free Prior and Informed Consent' or the right to say no to mining, which Macua and Wamua pointed out “is a vital requirement for communities to receive any kind of justice in the historical exploitative sector”.
According to the organisations, the draft Mining Charter does not adequately explain how community trusts are to be managed, which will, in turn, be exposed to abuse from traditional leaders and connected politicians, which will lead to increased conflict in communities.
“The Mining Charter should clearly outline how the community trusts will be managed . . . and governed and must include extensive community participation,” they suggested.
The organisations further lamented that insufficient attention had been paid to environmental rehabilitation post-mining and that the exclusion of this element from the current draft Mining Charter is indicative of the interests that the charter seeks to serve, namely that of big business and not communities.
“Insufficient attention has been paid to zama-zamas or the promotion of community work programmes through local procurement that can help to lift communities out of poverty,” Macua and Wamua argued.
Additionally, the lack of focus on youth is glaring within Mining Charter III, they said.
“The issue of youth unemployment cannot be . . . glossed over and the draft Mining Charter III must include substantive targets and programmes to empower and benefit the youth,” they suggested.
The allocation of 14% of companies' shareholdings to black entrepreneurs should not be derived from the community and workers' shares and should be dealt with separately as business transactions, Macua and Wamua further suggested.
Meanwhile, the full complement of 30% black ownership should be allocated to affected communities living in poverty and “should not be used to benefit and enrich politically connected individuals”.
The DMR, during its presentation at the conference, indicated that the shareholding will be effected according to the State's appetite to acquire these shares, if the State so wishes.
This, the organisations pointed out, reduces the community benefits and, exposes the nature of a predatory State opening up shareholdings to politically connected individuals based on the claim by the State to exploit their “custodianship” of mineral wealth.
The nature of how this was delivered was also troubling, they said, as this is not clearly defined in the draft charter, but rather communicated in person during a presentation.
In conclusion, Macua and Wamua felt that the Peoples' Mining Charter should be incorporated into the Mining Charter as an expression of the will and aspirations of affected communities as opposed to the current expression of the draft Mining Charter as a conduit to enrich the politically connected.
Dubai: An immigration services company manager has been jailed for one year for stealing a receipt book with 50 invoices, the value of which totalled more than Dh360,000, from his workplace in March.
The company provides immigration consultations and services to clients.
The Dubai Court of First Instance convicted the 42-year-old Dominican manager of theft although he pleaded not-guilty and refuted the accusations.
Presiding judge Mohammad Jamal also ordered the accused to pay Dh21,000 in temporary compensation to the company's Cypriot owner.
The accused will be deported following the completion of his sentence, according to Sunday's ruling.
The owner said he was abroad when the company's accountant informed him by email in April 2014 that a receipt book had been stolen.
“The accountant informed me that the book contained 50 invoices. I instructed her to notify the finance and legal department to cancel that book immediately. In February 2016, one of our female clients visited our office in Port Saeed area to check on the transactions that she had asked us to do for her in 2013 and 2014. When we issued her account statement, she was surprised that there was no mention of some $23,000 (Dh84,479) that she had paid … she claimed that she had paid the money to the defendant in two instalments.
“She said she first paid $10,000 and did not get an invoice … and then she paid $13,000 to the defendant who mentioned the amount on an old receipt. When the client complained to the police, the defendant repaid her money and the police dismissed the case … he also signed an acknowledgement in which he said that he would be responsible for any financial dues if it was proved that he had taken them from our clients unlawfully.
“Thereafter we contacted our clients and it was discovered later that he had taken more than Dh360,000 from different clients against invoices from the stolen receipt book,” the owner testified.
When defending himself in court, the accused claimed: “The claimant has lodged seven complaints against me in Sharjah and Dubai … every time the police detain me and then they bail me. I have the proper documents that prove my innocence.”
Sunday's ruling remains subject to appeal within 15 days.
April 28 Playa Hotels & Resorts NV:
* Playa Hotels & Resorts NV - on April 27, 2017, co, unit entered an amended and restated senior secured credit agreement - SEC filing
* Playa Hotels & Resorts NV - restated credit facility amends and restates that certain credit agreement, dated as of August 9, 2013
* Playa Hotels & Resorts NV - restated credit facility consists of a $100 million revolving line of credit with a maturity date of April 27, 2022
* Playa Hotels & Resorts NV - restated credit facility also consists of a $530 million term loan with a maturity date of April 27, 2024 Source text: (bit.ly/2pte35I) Further company coverage:
May 3 Cirrus Logic Inc
* Cirrus Logic reports Q4 revenue of $327.9 million and $1.5 billion for FY17
* Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.85
* Q4 GAAP earnings per share $0.52
* Q4 revenue $327.9 million versus I/B/E/S view $320.9 million
* Q4 earnings per share view $0.70 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Cirrus Logic Inc - Q1 revenue is expected to range between $300 million and $340 million
* Qtrly GAAP gross margin of 50.1 percent and non-GAAP gross margin of 50.2 percent
* Q1 revenue view $319.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* GAAP gross margin is expected to be between 48 percent and 50 percent for Q1 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Titan Machinery Inc:
* Titan Machinery Inc anounces results for fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year ended January 31, 2017
* Q4 adjusted non-gaap loss per share $0.31
* Q4 loss per share $0.38
* Q4 revenue $317.6 million versus I/B/E/S view $313.3 million
* Q4 earnings per share view $-0.21 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Titan Machinery - closed one construction location during q4 ended Jan 31, 2017 and expects to close 14 agriculture locations during 1h of fiscal 2018
* "fiscal 2018 is expected to be a challenging operating environment"
* Titan Machinery Inc - fiscal 2018 modeling assumptions are international segment sales up 3 percent - 8 percent
* "expect to reduce equipment inventory by another $50 million in fiscal 2018"
* Titan Machinery Inc - fiscal 2018 modeling assumptions are agriculture segment sales down 10 percent -15 percent (includes impact of closed stores)
* Titan Machinery Inc - expect to reduce equipment inventory by another $50 million in fiscal 2018
* Titan Machinery - fiscal 2018 expect diluted EPS to be slightly positive,exclusive of anticipated charges associated with restructuring activities
* Titan Machinery Inc - impairment and realignment costs were $4.2 million for Q4 of fiscal 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HOUSTON Phillips 66 (PSX.N) expects its refineries to run in the mid-90 percent range of their combined capacity in the second quarter, according to a document prepared for a Friday morning conference call with Wall Street analysts to discuss first quarter earnings.
Phillips 66 is the sole owner of nine U.S. refineries with a combined crude oil throughput capacity of 1.6 million barrels per day (bpd) and co-owns two other U.S. refineries with a combined capacity of 336,000 bpd.
Phillips 66's refineries ran at 84 percent of capacity in the first quarter, primarily due to overhauls at refineries in California, Illinois, Louisiana and New Jersey.
The company expects members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to extend crude oil production cuts at the group's May 25 meeting, Chairman and Chief Executive Greg Garland said in a Friday morning conference call.
"I think our base case assumes that there's extension in May in terms of OPEC," Garland said.
Looking to the long-term, Garland said refiners like Phillips 66 can expect growth in mid-stream operations like pipelines and terminals along with petrochemical production.
"Refining is a good business," he said. "It's just long term, we don't see it growing."
The company thinks demand for motor fuels will decline in the United States over the next few years due to changes in automobile efficiency, Garland said. Refiners will likely focus on expanding exports to balance declines in U.S. demand.
"To invest in refining to add capacity still doesn't make sense to us," he said. "I think to invest to reduce your cost structure, gain access advantage to crudes and some yield, those are all good investments that we should be making."
Complying with federal renewable fuel requirements continues to drag on margins, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Mitchell said during the call, even though the cost for Renewable Identification Numbers (RINs) have fallen this year.
"RINs are still a reduction to the realized margin. It's just less of a reduction with RIN prices coming down over the period," Mitchell said.
The company has been able to find replacement supply for a drop in Canadian crude exports.
"I think from our viewpoint operationally it's been a minimal impact," Garland said.
(Reporting by Erwin Seba; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
Despite delivering a Budget that was widely regarded as conservative and fiscally responsible, the Government continues to get no love from business with the latest confidence survey showing firms are increasingly glum.
Headline business confidence dipped in May, the ANZ Business Outlook Survey found.
"A net 27 per cent of businesses is pessimistic about the year ahead, down 4 points from April."
Firms' views of their own activity (which has a stronger correlation with GDP growth), also dipped from a net 18 per cent positive to just 14 per cent, the lowest reading since November.
Advertisement
The views of business are increasingly at odds with those of economists who largely see solid growth continuing over the next few years - with just a slight slowing through the rest of this year.
So what's up? Is business still fixating on the election result as if it was the 2007 World Cup quarter final? Or is there something more serious brewing?
Perhaps, if we look at the sectors that are gloomiest, the answer is a mix of both.
Economists tend to focus more closely on firms expectations of their own business outlook.
The fall there is more serious as it can flow through to hiring and investment with a real effect on economic growth
The construction and retail sectors continue to look the most pessimistic about their own outlooks, ANZ chief economist Sharon Zollner notes.
For construction that has a lot to do with capacity constraints making it increasingly difficult to get on with the job.
"Employment intentions in the industry plunged to the lowest since 2009, and investment intentions also dropped markedly," Zollner writes.
While this might reflect some fears about the new Government's stance on immigration it's largely a structural issue and one that has been inherited.
The retail industry is also particularly glum - profit expectations and hiring expectations are down, the survey shows.
Although retail investment intentions have rebounded a bit - something Zollner suggests may be to do with efforts to boost productivity and head off the impact of minimum wages rises.
This touches on the Government's proposed employment law changes - something that is almost certainly hurting business outlook in the retail, manufacturing and the service sector.
Feedback from groups like the Employers and Manufacturer Association (EMA) and Business NZ suggests that despite a broad acceptance that the new Government is not radical, there is genuine concern about the impact of new labour laws.
This is less about rises to the minimum wage and more related to issues like the repeal of the 90-day trial period for businesses with more than 20 staff and changes to collective bargaining rules which will give unions more clout in some workplaces.
In its oral submission to the select committee on the Employment Relations Bill, the EMA argued it represented a return to the "them and us mentality of mid-last century".
"We believe that the Bill in its current wording is adversarial and contrary to the principles of good faith bargaining," the EMA said.
Its not clear how much the Government is prepared to budge on these issues - if at all.
Economists say they have factored lower confidence into their economic forecasts but will keep a close watch for any further falls.
Some say they expect to see an improvement over coming months.
For that to happen we may need to wait for the final details of proposed employment law changes to be settled and implemented - and for business to adjust to the new normal.
Meanwhile, it looks increasingly like the Labour led coalition will struggle to avoid a similar business backlash to the one faced by Helen Clark in her first year as PM - dubbed then as: "the winter of discontent".
Mar 30, 2017; Humble, TX, USA; Phil Mickelson during the first round of the Shell Houston Open at Golf Club of Houston - The Tournament Course. Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Humble, TX, USA; Phil Mickelson during the first round of the Shell Houston Open at Golf Club of Houston - The Tournament Course. Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Humble, TX, USA; Rickie Fowler lines up his putt on the 18th hole during the first round of the Shell Houston Open at Golf Club of Houston - The Tournament Course. Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Humble, TX, USA; Rickie Fowler during the first round of the Shell Houston Open at Golf Club of Houston - The Tournament Course. Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Humble, TX, USA; Rickie Fowler hits his approach on the 18th hole during the first round of the Shell Houston Open at Golf Club of Houston - The Tournament Course. Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Rickie Fowler, with one eye on Augusta, turned the other eye to the task at hand, coping with a number of "mud balls" to surge into the first round lead at the Shell Houston Open in Texas on Thursday.
The American ended his day in style, very nearly grabbing a hole-in-one at the 230-yard par-three ninth, his ball rolling past the edge of the cup before settling five feet away, setting up a birdie.
He rolled in seven birdies from inside 10 feet for a bogey-free eight-under 64 and a one-shot advantage over South Korean Kang Sung-hoon, who missed a short putt at the final hole.
Former world number four Fowler skipped last week's World Golf Championships match-play event, preferring instead to play the week before the Masters.
“I like playing my way into majors and they've been able to do a great job here making it as similar to possible of what we may see next week,” Fowler told reporters.
“I love playing here. Just playing and going through the process and getting ready makes it easier when you tee it up Thursday next week.”
Fowler said several of his drives had collected mud on the damp fairways at the Golf Club of Houston, leading to some guess-work on approach shots, with the flight of the ball difficult to predict.
But he didn't have to worry about mud on the four par-threes, where he could peg it up, making three birdies.
“I was fortunate enough to take advantage of the par-threes and managed my way around nicely with mud balls, as everyone did.
“Yes, the golf course was gettable but tough when you're playing in those conditions with mud balls.”
Second-placed Kang was poised to join Fowler in the lead, only to miss a putt at the final hole that was officially measured at four feet but looked considerably shorter.
“Unfortunately there were a couple of spike marks and I hit those and kicked to the right,” world number 202 Kang said of his miss. “(Overall I) putted great today. I'm very pleased with how I played.”
Not so great was Phil Mickelson, the three-times Masters champion who shot even-par 72.
“I played terrible,” he said. “I was just a little bit off, didn't hit my irons close, hit a few in the hazard, just wasn't quite sharp.”
Mickelson, publicly at least, preferred to think he had gotten his bad round out of the way.
“I think playing here really helps me get sharp (for the Masters), so I don't have a day like this next Thursday. I like the fact the course is set up similar.”
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Ian Ransom)
European politicians have increased calls for sanctions against former German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder for representing Russian interests in Europe and elsewhere, most notably in the energy sector.
Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin told German daily Bild that the EU must consider how to respond to Schröder's position as "the most important Putin lobbyist in the world."
Read more: German businessmen in Russia – more than Gerhard Schröder
"It's important that there are sanctions not only against Russian government officials and Russian state-owned companies, but also against those who are pushing Putin's projects abroad.
Described as Putin's most important oligarch by the Wall Street Journal, Schröder has maintained close ties with Russia. Last year, he took a seat on the board of state-owned energy giant Rosneft, which is a target of EU and US sanctions.
Watch video 01:50 Share Ex-Chancellor Schröder takes spot on Rosneft board Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2l0iQ Ex-Chancellor Schröder takes spot on Rosneft board
'Putin's propagandist'
After losing out to German Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2005, Schröder took a spot in the Nord Stream pipeline consortium controlled by Russia's Gazprom. He later became chairman of the Nord Stream 2 shareholders' committee.
Before taking on the Rosneft post, he defended his decision and lashed out at his critics, saying: "This is about my life, and I decide – not the German press." But some German politicians have disagreed.
Read more: The Rosneft seat and Gerhard Schröder's Kremlin credentials
Merkel (left) unseated Schröder (right) as German chancellor in 2005
It is "a scandal that a former chancellor now represents the interests of Putin," Elmar Brok, a member of the European Parliament and foreign policy expert of Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU), told Bild in an article published on Monday.
Green lawmaker Cem Özdemir told Bild that "it is all the more annoying now that he has mutated into Putin's propagandist."
Last year, Merkel described the former chancellor's decision to join Rosneft as "out of order," saying: "I don't think what Schröder is doing is okay."
Watch video 42:35 Share Politics with pipelines Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2tbpe Politics with pipelines: Nord Stream 2
ls/rt (AFP, dpa)
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
BRUSSELS The European Union is wary of Prime Minister Theresa May's call for swift negotiations on a post-Brexit free trade deal while Britain is still settling its withdrawal terms, but the bloc is not ruling out early talks.
Responding to May's letter to Brussels on Wednesday which triggered a two-year countdown to leaving the bloc, EU leaders lined up to repeat that London must deal with its divorce before negotiating the comprehensive trading partnership that the prime minister wants.
On Thursday, French President Francois Hollande told her on the phone that "talks must at first be about the terms of withdrawal", notably the rights of expatriate citizens and money Britain owes to cover commitments made as an EU member.
"On the basis of the progress made, we could open discussions on the framework of future relations between the United Kingdom and the European Union," Hollande told May, according to a statement issued by the president's office.
That echoed German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday. She said Britain must first work out how to unwind its relationship with the EU and pay its debts: "Only then, later, can we talk about our future relationship."
But behind the bald statements, lies a more nuanced approach acknowledging that many of the issues to which the exit treaty must bring legal clarity cannot be resolved without some understanding of how trade and other relations between Britain and the EU will work in the future.
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator, former French minister Michel Barnier, said in a speech last week: "It is not too early to start outlining the contours of our new partnership today, even if it is too early to start negotiating."
In other words, while talks will focus on Barnier's priorities of citizens' rights, budget obligations and border arrangements, notably in Ireland, there will have to be some idea of the future relationship to inform how those are settled.
"This issue about negotiating in a sequence or in parallel has got a little theological," said a senior official involved in preparing the Brexit negotiations from another member state. "In fact, we must have some discussion about the future trading relationship from the start, even if it's not negotiation."
One possibility may be to set Britain a goal of showing it is getting on with agreeing the outline divorce before allowing trade talks to start.
FOCUSSING BRITISH MINDS
The brief and never-before-used Article 50 of the EU treaty itself asserts that a state leaving the bloc must negotiate "arrangements for its withdrawal, taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the Union".
The hard line on "no trade talks before a divorce deal" is intended in part, diplomats say, to concentrate British minds on the continentals' push for London to pay a leaving bill that they estimate at roughly 60 billion euros, as well as to clarify the legal status of millions of expatriate Europeans.
In the interests of unity among the 27 remaining members, that line will remain a public mantra. British officials will, though, be aware that while money and expatriates are a big issue for some countries, notably in the poorer east, Germany and other rich states are more anxious to keep trading.
A senior EU diplomat likened the insistence on sequencing to the repetition by the 27 since Britain's referendum that there could be "no negotiation before notification" -- a stance they believe forced May to accept the two-year deadline set by Article 50, which she might otherwise have tried to avoid.
But a senior Brexit negotiator from a third member state said there were differences among the 27 and some talk of a trade deal was likely fairly early on: "we would be in the camp that says to start the discussions on the future relationship as quickly as possible."
Given the Union's priorities for settling the withdrawal treaty in outline by the end of this year, a broad framework of the future relationship seems essential -- for example, how to manage with minimal disruption a new EU-U.K. land border in Ireland will require an idea of what kind of trade relationship Britain and the EU will have.
Two years is widely seen as too little time to map out in full a future relationship, meaning transition arrangements will be needed to avoid a cliff-edge departure. But, EU officials say, negotiating a transition will require both sides to have a good outline of what the final relationship will look like.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; editing by Richard Lough; @macdonaldrtr)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Orion Equities Ltd:
* SEEKS TRADING HALT PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT ON ‍BENTLEY CAPITAL LIMITED IN WHICH COMPANY HAS A 26.95% INTEREST​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 29 Lupin Ltd
* Says Lupin launches generic Epzicom tablets in the U.S.
* Says drug indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection
* Lupin's Abacavir and Lamivudine tablets, 600 mg/300 mg are ab rated generic equivalent of Viiv Healthcare Company's Epzicom tablets, 600 mg/300 mg. Source text: bit.ly/2nhKMHg Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Liberty Health Sciences Inc:
* APHRIA AND LIBERTY HEALTH SCIENCES ANNOUNCE DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT FOR SALE OF APHRIA‘S INVESTMENT IN COPPERSTATE FARMS TO LIBERTY
* APHRIA INC - DEAL FOR $20 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds company forecast) Apr 6 (Reuters)- Parco Co Ltd CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (in billions of yen unless specified) Year ended Year to NEXT Feb 28, 2017 Feb 29, 2016 Feb 28, 2018 YEAR LATEST YEAR-AGO COMPANY COMPANY RESULTS RESULTS FORECAST H1 FORECAST Sales 268.37 276.36 95.10 45.50 (-2.9 pct) (+2.4 pct) (+1.1 pct) (-4.0 pct) Operating 12.81 12.77 11.50 5.90 (+0.3 pct) (+2.1 pct) (-19.0 pct) (-38.7 pct) Recurring 13.25 12.67 11.00 5.70 (+4.6 pct) (+1.4 pct) (-19.5 pct) (-38.1 pct) Net 7.53 6.06 7.40 3.80 (+24.1 pct) (-3.7 pct) (-15.9 pct) (-32.3 pct) EPS 74.17 yen 59.75 yen 72.94 yen 37.45 yen Ann Div 23.00 yen 20.00 yen 23.00 yen -Q2 Div 11.00 yen 10.00 yen 11.00 yen -Q4 Div 12.00 yen 10.00 yen 12.00 yen NOTE - Parco Co Ltd. Second Net profit row denotes profit attributable to owners ofthe parent To see Company Overview page, click reuters://REALTIME/verb=CompanyData/ric=8251.T Accounting policy for forecast is IFRS.
(Corrects that Dubai insurance stocks lifted, not Dubai index)
DUBAI, April 6 Gulf shares were mixed on Thursday amid lacklustre trade as investors wait for earnings season, while Dubai insurance stocks were lifted as investors bet on gains for the companies after a mandatory health insurance plan was enforced.
In Dubai, Dar Al Takaful insurance company led the gains, up 14.8 percent. Dubai Islamic Insurance was up 7.95 percent, as investors bet on stronger first-quarter earnings for the sector.
Dubai Health Authority announced at the end of March that 99 percent of residents are now covered by its new mandatory health insurance plan.
"We noticed the gains are happening across most of the insurance companies, mostly in Dubai. It could be driven by better Q1 expectations of results for the sector, or because of the compulsory insurance in Dubai," said Mohammed Ali Yasin, the chief executive officer of NBAD Securities.
"There is also some market chatter that there could be some consolidation in the sector this year," he said.
The Dubai Financial Market General Index was down 0.78 percent to 3,545.41 points.
In Abu Dhabi, shares slipped on low volumes a day after benchmark funds balanced their positions in First National Bank of Abu Dhabi following a merger between National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank.
First National Bank of Abu Dhabi was down 1.76 percent to 11.15 dirhams a share.
The Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange General Index was down 0.42 percent to 4,621.16 points. Trade on Wednesday's session was positive and was focused on First National Bank of Abu Dhabi shares.
"What we noticed is that the market has lost some of the gains from yesterday's session with an obvious drop in traded value on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange," Yasin said.
Elsewhere in the region, Saudi Arabia's Tadawul All-Share Index was up 0.45 percent, Bahrain's gauge was up 0.15 percent, the MSM 30 Index slipped 0.18 percent, and Qatar's benchmark lost 0.20 percent.
"It is a continuation of the rangebound trading, whether in Saudi Arabia or Qatar, investors are waiting for Q1 results that will define or dictate the market," Yasin said.
First quarter results are due in the coming weeks. (Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh; Editing by Alison Williams)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
May 2 Consol Energy Inc
* Consol energy reports first quarter results; increased 2017 and 2018 production guidance to 420-440 bcfe and 490-520 bcfe, respectively; closed on sale of assets totaling $108 million to date
* Q1 loss per share $0.17
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.10 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Consol energy inc says during q1 of 2017, consol's e&p division sold 95.0 bcfe, or a decrease of 3% from 97.5 bcfe sold in year-earlier quarter
* Consol energy inc says expects utica shale total production costs to improve to approximately $1.80 per mcfe for full year 2017
* Consol energy inc says for q1 of 2017, consol's average sales price for natural gas, natural gas liquids, oil, and condensate was $2.85 per mcfe
* Consol energy -increasing its e&p division production guidance for 2017 and 2018 to approximately 420-440 bcfe and 490-520 bcfe, respectively
* Consol energy inc - qtrly total revenue and other income $698.7 million versus $532.8 million
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 revenue view $641.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Ben McClellan of the Daily Telegraph
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
The rugby league world is reeling after shocking footage emerged of former Parramatta star Chris Sandow brawling on the street in front of children, allegedly throwing wild haymakers and even headbutting a shirtless, barefoot opponent.
Taken on New Year's Day in Sandow's rural hometown of Cherbourg, 250km northwest of Brisbane, the 30-second clip includes a frenzied passage where both fighters throw flurries of mistimed blows at close range.
One man is heard urging the pair to "keep on going", as several children join the large crowd watching the melee.
Sandow has since been charged over the fight, in which the 27-year-old former NRL Rookie of the Year appears to be wearing a black-and-gold singlet.
The footage shows the former Eels and Rabbitohs halfback appearing to throw several wild haymakers at his rival before the pair grapple with each other.
During another passage of the fight, Sandow allegedly headbutts the man squarely in the face.
Sandow eventually ends the scrap by felling his foe with a brutal right before helping the man back up.
The fight is believed to have been one of many sparked by several incidents the previous night in the troubled Aboriginal community, which has had alcohol restrictions in place since 2009.
Queensland Police confirmed a 27-year-old man has been charged with public nuisance over an altercation and others were expected to be charged. Sandow is due in court on January 10.
His brush with the law will almost certainly end any slim hope of an NRL return since walking out on his contract with English Super League club Warrington.
It had been reported Sandow was in talks with several clubs but an NRL spokesman said any moves to register Sandow could be hampered by the alleged brawling.
"He's not part of the NRL, so we have no reason to look into it," he said.
"But any player seeking to be registered needs to prove they are fit and proper to be part of the NRL. Having said that, there is no application to register him."
- news.com.au
British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating three allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives had received a total of five allegations of sexual assault and one of assault against a man.
Five of the alleged offenses took place in London between 1996 and 2008, and the sixth in the western English city of Gloucester in 2013.
Spacey, a two-time Oscar winner, has been accused of sexual assault and inappropriate behavior by numerous men since American actor Anthony Rapp alleged last year that Spacey had climbed on top of him on a bed when Rapp was 14 and Spacey 26.
After Rapp's allegation, London's Old Vic theater, where Spacey was artistic director for 11 years until 2015, launched an investigation into its former leader. The theater said in November that it had received 20 allegations of inappropriate behavior by Spacey, and had encouraged 14 of the complainants to go to the police.
Spacey apologized to Rapp in October for "deeply inappropriate drunken behavior" and later released a statement saying he was seeking unspecified treatment. He has not commented on the other allegations.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump complained on Thursday that the United States was being unfairly treated in the Paris Climate Agreement and told Reuters he would announce a decision in about two weeks on whether Washington would remain in the accord.
The Republican Trump, elected in November, had vowed during his campaign to withdraw from the Paris accord within 100 days of becoming president, part of a broader plan to sweep away Obama administration environmental protections he said were hobbling the economy.
He has since said he is open to staying in the pact if Washington gets better terms, and scores of large U.S. companies and several Republican lawmakers have urged him to stay in the deal as a way to protect American industry interests overseas.
Trump, who will mark the 100th day of his presidency on Saturday, told Reuters in an interview he would announce his decision "in about two weeks," but complained that China, India, Russia and other countries were paying too little to help poorer countries battle climate change under the agreement's Green Climate Fund.
"It's not a fair situation because they are paying virtually nothing and we are paying massive amounts of money," he said.
Asked for a hint of what his decision might be, he said: "I can say this, we want to be treated fairly."
An administration source told Reuters earlier that Trump administration officials would likely meet in May to decide whether to keep the United States in the climate deal, having had an initial meeting on Thursday at the White House.
The group of advisers, which includes Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Energy Secretary Rick Perry and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, was on track to make the decision before a Group of Seven summits on May 26, the source said.
CABINET DIFFERENCES
Tillerson, the former head of Exxon Mobil Corp, and Perry have said the country should remain in the agreement. McMaster shares that view, a source outside the administration said.
Opponents of the pact include Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, the former attorney general of oil-producing state Oklahoma, and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.
Nearly 200 countries struck the Paris agreement to limit climate change by cutting carbon dioxide emissions and making investments in clean energy.
Many companies such as BP Plc and Microsoft Corp have urged the United States to stay in the agreement to protect their competitiveness.
A group of nine Republican lawmakers on Thursday urged Trump to stick to the pact, but to weaken the U.S. pledge to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
Congressman Kevin Cramer of oil-producing state North Dakota and eight other Republicans in the House of Representatives sent a letter to Trump urging him to use the country's "seat at the Paris table to defend and promote our commercial interest, including our manufacturing and fossil fuel sectors."
If the United States is to stay in the 2015 agreement, Washington should present a new emission cutting pledge that "does no harm to our economy," said the letter from Cramer, who advised Trump on energy and climate during his 2016 presidential campaign.
Trump's Democratic predecessor, former President Barack Obama, had pledged a 26 percent to 28 percent cut in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels, by 2025. Most scientists say the world needs to curb greenhouse gas emissions to limit the effects of climate change, including rising seas, deadly heatwaves, and severe storms and droughts.
The Republican lawmakers also said Washington should retain its seat on the Green Climate Fund but not make additional transfers to it. Obama pledged $3 billion to the fund in 2014, and gave $1 billion to it, with the last $500 million payment coming in his last days as president.
(Writing by David Brunnstrom; Editing by Howard Goller)
(There will be no emerging markets report from London on Friday, April 14 and Monday, April 17 due to UK bank holidays)
By Claire Milhench
LONDON, April 13 A weaker U.S. dollar and a fall in Treasury yields helped to emerge market assets advance on Thursday, with stocks up at one-week highs and set for a second straight week of gains.
Stronger Chinese export data also lent support.
U.S. President Donald Trump's comments that the dollar was too strong and he would like to see U.S. interest rates stay low pushed the dollar 0.5 percent lower against a basket of currencies while 10-year U.S. Treasury yields fell to a five-month low.
This offset investor jitters over Syria, North Korea's nuclear threat and the French elections and lifted MSCI's benchmark emerging equities index 0.5 percent.
South Korean stocks, which had suffered earlier in the week, were the strongest performer in the region on Thursday, up 0.9 percent, while the won firmed 0.4 percent to a one-week high. The central bank kept its policy rate unchanged at 1.25 percent for a 10th straight month as expected, and upgraded its growth outlook.
Emerging markets were also supported by forecast-beating Chinese trade data, which confirmed that global demand was picking up. March exports rose 16.4 percent from a year earlier, while imports increased 20.3 percent, both exceeding market expectations.
"China has been the leader of the emerging market trade rebound," said Manik Narain, an emerging FX strategist at UBS.
"The health of the Chinese economy is definitely taking on added importance for emerging markets more broadly because we have not seen a pick-up in imports from U.S. and Europe."
China's yuan rose 0.2 percent to two-week highs after the central bank set a sharply firmer midpoint and Trump backed away from labelling China a currency manipulator.
Narain noted the bounce in Asian currencies and said Trump's comments on China may have played a role: "For some of these markets it may reduce some concerns about trade protectionism."
Mexico's peso, which has borne the brunt of investor fears over punitive tariffs due to Trump's campaign rhetoric, also firmed 0.5 percent against the dollar to trade at its strongest level since Trump's election win last November.
However, South Africa's rand was an underperformer, weakening 0.4 percent and snapping a two-day winning streak. South Africa's parliament said on Wednesday that a motion of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma had been postponed until a court decides whether it should be taken by secret ballot.
Meanwhile the yield premium paid by emerging market sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries remained elevated at 318 basis points. This was up 12 basis points from April 7 when the U.S. carried out a missile strike against Syria, causing riskier assets to sell off as investors sought out safe havens.
Emerging Europe stock markets also delivered a patchy performance, with Russian shares down 1.5 percent to 8-1/2 month lows. The index has lost 4.7 percent so far this week, its worst performance since January 2016.
Russia has close ties to Syria's President Bashar al-Assad and the deterioration in relations with the West following the U.S. strike prompted investors to revise their hopes that sanction against Russia would be lifted soon.
Turkish stocks fell 0.2 percent, but the lira touched its strongest level in 10 days ahead of Sunday's referendum on constitutional change.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see)
Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 963.15 +4.95 +0.52 +11.70
Czech Rep 974.98 -8.63 -0.88 +5.79
Poland 2218.40 +4.34 +0.20 +13.89
Hungary 32443.35 +33.41 +0.10 +1.38
Romania 8230.45 +12.62 +0.15 +16.17
Greece 683.14 -2.05 -0.30 +6.14
Russia 1067.08 -11.64 -1.08 -7.40
South Africa 46599.60 -147.59 -0.32 +6.14
Turkey 90739.46 -212.70 -0.23 +16.13
China 3276.07 +2.24 +0.07 +5.56
India 29540.46 -103.02 -0.35 +10.94
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 26.74 26.70 -0.12 +1.02
Poland 4.24 4.24 +0.05 +3.80
Hungary 312.25 312.23 -0.01 -1.10
Romania 4.52 4.51 -0.04 +0.41
Serbia 123.59 123.62 +0.02 -0.19
Russia 56.61 56.61 -0.00 +8.22
Kazakhstan 311.49 311.98 +0.16 +7.11
Ukraine 26.85 26.85 +0.00 +0.56
South Africa 13.52 13.45 -0.50 +1.56
Kenya 103.20 103.30 +0.10 -0.80
Israel 3.65 3.64 -0.38 +5.48
Turkey 3.65 3.65 -0.06 -3.39
China 6.88 6.89 +0.07 +0.86
India 64.46 64.69 +0.35 +5.41
Brazil 3.12 3.13 +0.01 +4.11
Mexico 18.56 18.66 +0.52 +11.60
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 338 5 .10 7 74.03 1
(Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
A big push by Auckland mayor Phil Goff to improve the city's beaches and water quality is being put to the test in the inner city suburbs of Herne Bay and St Marys Bay.
Goff is on the cusp of securing a $452 million boost to clean up beaches and harbours in his 10-year budget today - the same day a public meeting is being held to discuss a $44 million water improvement project.
The St Marys Bay/Masefield Beach project is designed to quickly improve water quality after visible signs of pollution at Westhaven in 2015 were tracked to wastewater and stormwater overflows from the cliff-side suburb.
The issues have taken time to emerge but for the sake of a bit of time we might get a more cohesive outcome SHARE THIS QUOTE:
Local residents are keeping an open mind about drilling a wastewater and stormwater storage tunnel under houses built on the cliff face at St Marys Bay to Pt Erin where the water will be pumped to a main sewer or discharged into the harbour west of the Harbour Bridge.
Advertisement
They do, however, have a number of issues with the project and how it fits alongside other projects to improve water quality in the inner suburbs, including a plan to separate the combined wastewater and stormwater system in Herne Bay and St Marys Bay.
Stormwater diluted with wastewater could be pumped into the Waitemata Harbour near the Harbour Bridge.
"We have got the same goals and outcomes as Auckland Council's Healthy Waters. We want to improve water quality as quickly as possible. It's a question of the path we travel to get there," says David Abbott, of the St Marys Bay Association.
Abbott and Herne Bay Residents' Association member Dirk Hudig are not convinced the project dovetails with another water project to build a tunnel from Grey Lynn to Western Springs where a giant storage tunnel costing $1 billion will run to the Mangere wastewater treatment plant.
The Grey Lynn to Western Springs tunnel is expected to reduce the number of outfalls in the western inner city from 42 to 10, and reduce overflows from the 10 outfalls from more than 50 times a year to two-to-six within 10 years.
Abbott and Hudig - who are also members of the Stop Auckland Sewage Overflows Coalition - believe the council is galloping off to spend $44m when they don't know if it will deliver the promised benefits. They want an independent peer review of the project.
The number of outfalls in the inner western suburbs and overflows could be reduced. Photo / Dean Purcell
"The issues have taken time to emerge but for the sake of a bit of time we might get a more cohesive outcome," Abbott said.
The council declined to make anyone available to answer issues raised by Abbott and Hudig, saying "the regulatory process is under way and given that we have already received submissions we cannot provide additional information as the consent application has to stand alone".
Submissions on the St Marys Bay project close on June 19.
For more details on the project go to: www.westhaven.co.nz/westhaven/the-forum/the-westhaven-plan/stmarysbay/
ZURICH, March 30 Lonza Group AG will ask shareholders at next month's annual general meeting for permission to issue up to 2.3 billion Swiss francs ($2.3 billion) in new shares to finance its acquisition of U.S. capsule maker Capsugel, the Swiss pharmaceutical supplier said on Thursday.
Lonza expects to give further details on the rights offering on or around April 25, the company said in a statement announcing the invitation to its April 25 AGM.
Basel-based Lonza is paying for the $5.5 billion Capsugel deal through a mixture of new shares and debt, and will communicate the exact split of the financing at a later date. In February, it raised gross proceeds of 865 million francs through an accelerated bookbuilding.
($1 = 0.9971 Swiss francs)
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin)
LJUBLJANA, April 6 Hungary would be ready to invest about 200 million euros in a new railway line between Slovenia's sole port, Luka Koper, and the Slovenian city of Divaca, Hungarian Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade Peter Szijjarto said.
Most companies in landlocked Hungary use the port, on the Adriatic, for their sea cargo transport.
According to Slovenian government plans, total investment in the 27 km line will cost about 1 billion euros..
"We have been negotiating Hungarian contribution of about 200 million euros which seems to be realistic but ... details have not been clarified yet," Szijjarto told a news conference during a visit to Slovenia on Thursday.
Three quarters of the new line will run underground. It should significantly increase the capacity of the port, which lies about 310 km from Slovenia's border with Hungary.
Szijjarto said Hungary did not expect to get a stake of Luka Koper in return for its investment, saying Slovenia has made it clear it plans to keep it in the hands of the Slovenian state.
He said, however, Hungary hoped that its companies would get a prioritised approach to the port, possibly by a long-term leasing or rental contract, while Hungarian companies could also get work on the construction of the railway, giving no details.
He also said all cargo transport from Koper to Central Europe could go through Hungary so that Hungarian cargo firms would benefit from the project.
Slovenia hopes to cover about a quarter of the whole investment with European Union funds while about 350 million euros will be raised via new debt. The investment will be one of the biggest in Slovenia in the coming years. (Reporting by Marja Novak; Editing by Alison Williams)
Department of Transportation (DoTr) Secretary Arthur Tugade and Bulacan Gov. Wilhelmino Sy Alvarado met with the Federation of Jeepney Operators and Drivers Association of Bulacan in a bid to promote the PUV (Public Utility Vehicles) modernization program of the Duterte administration at The Pavilion Hiyas ng Bulacan Convention Center in the City of Malolos on Friday.
Tugade said it is high time to change the transportation system of the country that has gone from bad to worse and pleaded to the drivers and operators to listen and understand the program so that they can meet halfway with the government.
The program, according to the DoTr secretary, is not being implemented to exterminate their livelihood but to help them improve the transportation system.
He said he dreams that there would come a time that even people in suits and barong will ride jeepneys because they are comfortable and air-conditioned.
Officials and members of the Bulacan Federation of Jeepney Operators and Drivers Association expressed their sentiments that the program could affect their livelihood.
Tugade noted that President Duterte wants the modernization program to commence starting January this year and the secretary pointed out that the program will drastically reduce air pollution caused by smoke-belching vehicles.
The drivers and operators were also briefed on the government's loan assistance to those willing to acquire vehicles compliant with the modernization program.
The government has offered possible beneficiaries a six percent loan interest based on diminishing balance if they avail of the modernization program and inquiries can be made at Land Bank of the Philippines and Development Bank of the Philippines offices that are located in the province.
Alvarado said that micro, small and medium entrepreneurs like the jeepney drivers and operators can maximize the benefits in getting their loans.
To lessen the problem of sourcing capital to procure a compliant vehicle, Tugade advised the jeepney drivers and operators to form a cooperative so that they can easily afford the cost of modernizing their vehicles.
Operators of compliant vehicles can go to the DoTr so that they can be endorsed to the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) to start negotiations about the fare increase that they are pushing, he said.
Alvarado appealed to the banks to find more ways to lower the interest of the loans that the drivers and operators would be able to afford.
Both Land Bank of the Philippines and Development Bank of the Philippines responded, saying they will bring the matter to higher ups and see what else they can do to help.
Aileen Lizada, spokesman for the LTFRB, reminded the drivers and operators of the five points that they need to comply with during the three-year transition that include wheels, emission, hand brake, safe lights and uniforms.
MIDEAST STOCKS-Overnight crash in oil may drag Gulf lower
DUBAI, June 15 Crude oil prices crashed almost 4 percent overnight which may drag stock markets in the oil-exporting Gulf lower on Thursday, though Saudi Arabian banks could be resilient following the central bank's decision to raise only its reverse repo rate.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - China's Alibaba (BABA.N) became the biggest shareholder in India's leading online grocer BigBasket after a $300-million funding round, stepping up its rivalry with Amazon (AMZN.O) in the country.
Alibaba invested $146 million in the grocer, subscribing to compulsorily convertible preference shares, BigBasket said in a filing to Indian regulators.
Investors picked up stakes in BigBasket through secondary share purchases as well, chief executive Hari Menon told Reuters on Friday, declining to give a breakdown other than to say Alibaba now owns the biggest slice.
Sands Capital, International Finance Corp and Abraaj Capital also participated in the $300 million funding round.
BigBasket, which sells everything from vegetables to shampoo, will use the funds to improve its technology, analytics, infrastructure and marketing, Menon said.
The Bengaluru-headquartered firm, which also plans to build farmer networks and expand deeper into Indian cities where they operate, expects to break even between 2020 and 2022, Menon added.
BigBasket is planning to sign a deal with Paytm E-Commerce that runs online marketplace, Paytm Mall, allowing both firms to leverage each others strengths, Menon said.
Under the deal, which will become effective in the first half of this year, Paytm will become the default payments provider to BigBasket while BigBasket will be able to cross-sell groceries on Paytm Mall, Menon said.
Alibaba holds various investments in India's fast-growing online retail space, including a stake in the parent of top digital wallet firm Paytm.
BigBasket, which researcher Forrester estimates accounts for roughly 40 percent of India's $750 million online grocery market, is competing with SoftBank-backed (9984.T) Grofers and Amazon's India business.
Founded in 2011, BigBasket has more than 6 million registered customers and operates across 26 Indian cities.
NEW YORK (AP) — On any weekday morning, Miles Thornback is working on marketing campaigns for real estate agents or dealing with tricky tech issues at the office.
Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa, California, after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
Many small business owners are open to hiring or specifically recruit people who have disabilities, sometimes because they want to expand the opportunities for people with talent and skills but who can't find jobs. The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
"I think a lot of people assume that if you're disabled, you can't work," says Thornback, 36, who uses a wheelchair.
Advertisement
While some jobs he applied for would have required him to do errands, which he couldn't have done, at many places he never got a clear explanation of why he wasn't considered. In his job, he coordinates with real estate agents and data providers to create postcards and letters that advertise properties for sale.
Jay O'Brien, an owner at the RE/MAX office, learned about Thornback through Goodwill Industries, which works with the Regional Center of Orange County, an organization that provides training and services for people with developmental disabilities.
O'Brien has been impressed with Thornback's technical abilities, as he's been able to resolve issues that confounded everyone else. O'Brien and his business partner, Sammer Mudawar, wanted to see Thornback flourish in his work.
"We didn't want it to be seen as a charity move," O'Brien says, such as, "'You can park your wheelchair here for two hours a day and we'll pay you and we can feel better about ourselves.'"
The kind of disability a person has can vary, and can be cognitive or physical. So employees may be capable of different types of work. They do face similar difficulties in the workplace that others don't.
Alyssa and Shawn Cox, who volunteer at a camp for children with Down syndrome, created a store greeter position at one of their three Clothes Mentor locations in North Carolina with the intention of hiring someone with the genetic chromosomal disorder.
They hired Julia Cirone in December. The 20-year-old who works three days a week began by welcoming customers and "aced that immediately," Alyssa Cox says.
Cirone has since started assisting shoppers, helping them pick out clothes. Sales haves increased since she began working at the store, the busiest of the three locations. While the Coxes would like to hire Cirone full time, she wants to do volunteer work the other two days.
There are plenty of people who want to be hired, an "untapped" talent pool, according to Joyce Bender, owner of Bender Consulting Services, a company that recruits workers with disabilities.
For businesses that are interested, Bender suggests resources including organizations that help people with disabilities, and state and local agencies including unemployment offices. Many universities have offices that provide services to students with disabilities, including job placement. Colleges, Bender noted, are a good resource for owners who want staffers with science, technology, engineering and mathematics skills.
Business owners do need to abide by federal and state laws if employees with disabilities need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs. That can mean flexible work hours, time off for doctor appointments and desks that can be raised or lowered, says Anne Marie Estevez, an employment law attorney with Morgan Lewis in Miami.
Owners also need to get past some concerns, including what happens if a hire doesn't work out.
"Some employers feel, if I hire the person, I can never let them go even if they're doing a terrible job. That's not true," says Rebecca Shulman, senior program director at Jewish Vocational Service in East Orange, New Jersey. "The employer has the right to let them go."
Curtis Boyd had recruited a man with neurological problems to work at Future Solutions Media, a Los Angeles-based company that helps businesses handle negative online reviews. But the staffer was unable to sit in front of a computer for hours at a time, and had to leave the job.
Though it didn't work out in that case, Boyd said he would hire a job candidate with a disability again.
While many owners who recruit employees from nonprofit groups know what the person's disability is, they cannot under law ask for details, Estevez says.
When Steven Hollins hired a 16-year-old young man two years ago for his Chick-Fil-A franchise restaurant in Buena Park, California, he knew the new staffer would likely need some extra training, and would have a job coach to help as needed. Hollins left it at that.
The man started out by bringing food to customers at their tables and cleaning up after they left. Within a few months, the job coach left — the employee didn't need any help getting his work done. As time went on, the man sought and was given more responsibilities, and now helps with maintenance tasks.
"He's willing to stay late and learn," Hollins said. "That kind of attitude in our business goes a long way."
_____
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.com/search/joyce%20rosenberg
April 10Allgeier SE::
* Said on Friday concluded agreement with Ciber's insolvency administrator, to take over customer relationships and other assets of the German companies of the Ciber Group
* Said transaction allows continuation and restructuring of the essential parts of Ciber companies' German operations by Allgeier
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PINEDALE — The Sublette County, Wy. interagency team has been working together for months to safely and efficiently manage services and operations for residents and visitors to Sublette County and the Wind River mountain area, during the 2017 Total Solar Eclipse on August 21, 2017.
Agency personnel from county, state and federal agencies have been pulling together resources to respond to any incidents during the total eclipse on the morning of Aug. 21, in order to provide emergency services, inform visitors coming from around the world, and maintain safety in the community. A Joint Information Center will be operating starting on Thurs. August 17th, across from the Hampton Inn.
“Totality” is the phenomenon when the moon will completely block the sun for a few minutes, depending on the vantage point. The community of Bondurant will be entirely in totality, while Pinedale, Daniel and Boulder will be minutes from the totality viewing path.
Since thousands of extra visitors are already arriving to the area, federal, state and local agencies are advising the following:
Cell phone service is expected to be overloaded, so it is possible 911 calls may not work. Plan accordingly. If you do have an emergency and cannot use 911, find agency personnel (local police, fire, or federal or state agency personnel) who will be present throughout the area on public lands. Information and emergency services will also be available at ranger stations and at the forest boundary at the end of Highway 352, known locally as the Green River Lakes Road. Information and emergency assistance will also be available at area fire halls: Pinedale, Bondurant and Kendall Valley (off of Highway 352).
Cell phone service is usually not available in the remote backcountry such as the Wind River Mountains, plan your route in advance, pack a map and be prepared. Have a compass.
Campers on public lands are discouraged from making campfires, as August is peak wildfire season and a small spark can rapidly become a large fire. Be aware of local fire restrictions that are in place.
Practice “Leave No Trace” ethics while visiting. Pack It In, Pack It Out. Keep a clean camp and don't invite wildlife into your camp. It's dangerous for you and for them.
Plan Ahead and Prepare
Travel and Camp on Durable Surfaces
Dispose of Waste Properly
Leave What You Find
Respect Wildlife
Be Considerate of Other Visitors
Be “bear aware” www.fs.fed.us/visit/know-before-you-go/bears
Leave gates how you found them. If they were closed, close them behind you, if they were open, leave them open.
Be aware of altitude sickness, Pinedale's elevation is nearly 7,200 feet and most visiting areas are higher. Be familiar with the signs of altitude sickness. Drink plenty of water and rest as necessary. Arrive early to acclimate; avoid alcohol.
Finally, enjoy your time in Wyoming's beautiful northwest mountains. Additional information is available from agency websites:
for the Pinedale, Wyoming area:
pinedalewyeclipse.weebly.com/,
www.blm.gov/node/11354
www.facebook.com/BridgerTeton
www.sublettechamber.com/2017-total-solar-eclipse
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
May 3 Voestalpine:
* CEO Eder tells reporters full-year results will be broadly in line with guidance
* Eder says company to announce total cost of Texas plant next week
* Eder says decision on whether to build new stainless steel plant at Kapfenberg site will depend primarily on electricity prices Further company coverage:
May 2 Waddell & Reed Financial Inc
* Waddell & reed financial, inc. Reports first quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.39
* Q1 revenue $287 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.42 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Waddell & reed financial inc - operating revenues of $287 million during q1 of 2017 declined 2% sequentially
* Waddell & reed financial - March 31, 2017 assets under management were $81 billion, increasing 1% during quarter, but declined 15% compared to March 31, 2016
* Waddell & reed financial inc - average assets under management were $81 billion during current quarter, compared to $82 billion during prior quarter
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.42, revenue view $284.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tourist bus rolls near Te Anau with 19 people onboard - three choppers sent to attend to the injured
The bus has reportedly rolled on to its side and is at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key.
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But he added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
BARRIE -
Red-faced and weeping in the prisoner's box, a former teaching assistant convicted of breaking his severely autistic student's leg admitted he tried to pay a witness to lie for him on the witness stand.
Corey Stibbard, 33, of Angus, Ont. pleaded guilty to attempting to obstruct justice while a second charge of counselling to commit perjury was dropped in exchange for his early plea. He was sentenced to six months in jail on top of the 12-month sentence he received last April after being convicted of assault causing bodily harm.
The convoluted story began when Stibbard took his autistic student, Riley Dooley, 20, who has the ability of a two-year-old, to a dollar store on Dec. 4, 2015. When Dooley wouldn't let go of a small toy dinosaur, Stibbard became frustrated, delivered a karate-like kick to him and shattered Dooley's tibia and fibula, leaving him writhing in pain on the floor with bone sticking out of his leg.
Stibbard was found guilty at trial, but was terrified of going to jail — so while awaiting sentencing he offered to pay a woman he hardly knew a “significant” amount of cash, court heard.
Stibbard went to visit the woman, Ashley Doucette, of the New Tecumseth area, at her home and the two chatted for a while as acquaintances. She was shocked when suddenly Stibbard offered to pay her to testify that she saw the autistic student attack him and he was acting in self-defence.
“He had the entire concocted story written out for her,” Crown attorney Mary Ann Alexander said. “She was stunned.”
Stibbard left, hoping Doucette would think about his offer, but she quickly called police.
It was not the first time Stibbard was accused of getting a witness to lie for him in court. During his assault trial, a surprise witness came forward on the last day to testify he was at the dollar store and saw the autistic student attacking Stibbard.
“It was clear to me that it was self-defence,” said the witness, Corey Robinson, a self-admitted former crack addict who lived on the streets.
The Crown said his story was “preposterous and ridiculous” and Justice Robert Gattrell admitted he was suspicious, saying, “I find his whole story is cooked up for some agenda.” No charges were laid in that incident.
The autistic student's mother, Patty Dooley, says her son, who needed extensive surgery, still lives in fear of Stibbard.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW DELHI Police have detained four members of a hardline Hindu militia founded by the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh on suspicion of killing a Muslim man who had helped an interfaith couple elope, an investigating official said on Wednesday.
A 60-year-old farmer was killed on Tuesday by a mob that included members of the Hindu Yuva Vahini, or Hindu Youth Force, set up by Yogi Adityanath, a priest recently named by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead India's most populous state.
Adityanath, backed by his volunteer force, spearheaded the campaign of Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in this year's Uttar Pradesh state polls, helping to secure a landslide victory in the northern state.
Since his appointment, units of the Hindu Yuva Vahini have ramped up their anti-Muslim rhetoric and launched a campaign against so-called "Love Jihad" - what they regard as an Islamist strategy to convert Hindu women through seduction and marriage.
"The case of a Hindu girl eloping with a Muslim boy led to religious tension and members of the Hindu Yuva Vahini declared it was Love Jihad," said Jagdish Sharma, a police officer leading investigations in Bulandshahr district, 70 km (40 miles) to the southeast of India's capital New Delhi.
"The Muslim farmer was beaten to death in a mango orchard after he refused to share the whereabouts of the couple," said Sharma.
The spokesman of the Hindu Yuva Vahini, P.K. Mall, denied that any members of Adityanath's youth force had been involved in the attack.
"We don't want Muslims to convert Hindu girls but we are not involved in any criminal activity," he told Reuters. "There is a clear conspiracy to insult Yogi Adityanath and our religious group."
Adityanath, who heads a Hindu sect based in eastern Uttar Pradesh, has a history of rabble-rousing street politics, and his sudden rise to political prominence has stoked tensions with Muslims who make up 19 percent of Uttar Pradesh's 220 million people.
Since his appointment, members of the Hindu Yuva Vahini have called on police to enforce a ban imposed by Adityanath on illegal slaughterhouses and taken action to halt sales of meat from unlicensed butchers' shops run by Muslims.
Adityanath, according to Indian media reports last weekend, urged members of the group "behave with decency".
(Editing by Douglas Busvine & Simon Cameron-Moore)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to gunman in the mass shooting at a Las Vegas country music festival is being charged for illegally manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
Douglas Haig, who had been called a person of interest in the investigation, faces a charge of manufacturing and selling armor-piercing ammunition while not being licensed to do so with an additional charge for conspiracy. According to a criminal complaint filed Friday, unfired bullets found in shooter Stephen Paddock's hotel room had Haig's fingerprints.
READ THE COMPLAINT HERE
Haig said in a press conference Friday that Paddock didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes. Later Friday, he appeared in federal court in shackles with his lawyer, Marc Victor. The judge ordered him to surrender his passport, guns, ammunition and tools used to manufacture ammunition.
Haig met Paddock for the first time at a gun show in Las Vegas on Aug. 27 when Paddock purchased several packages of ammunition. Paddock then met Haig again at a Phoenix gun show on Sept. 9.
According to the criminal complaint, Paddock had tried to buy bulk ammunition at the show, but the transaction could not be completed because the show was closing for the day. Haig and Paddock exchanged numbers and agreed to coordinator Paddock's future purchase of ammunition. The complaint states that Haig spoke to Paddock on Sept. 19 and provided him directions to his Mesa, Arizona, residence, where the sale was later completed.
The ammunition was put in an Amazon box that was later found in Paddock's room at Mandalay Bay hotel-casino after the shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
While Haig does not have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition, he had a website where he sold specialized military ammunition, including armor piercing ammo, according to the criminal complaint. The website was later taken down.
In addition, armor-piercing ammunition was found during a search of Haig's Mesa residence.
ANKARA, April 6 The results from Turkish autopsies on the victims of a suspected poison gas attack in northwest Syria will be sent to the Dutch capital of The Hague for an additional examination, Turkish Health Minister Recep Akdag said on Thursday.
The suspected chemical attack believed to have been carried out by Syrian government forces killed at least 70 people in the rebel-held Idlib province on Tuesday. Thirty-two victims have been brought to Turkey and three have subsequently died during treatment. (Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by David Dolan)
Mark Liberio, Producer and Co-Owner of Tetra Media Group will share his successes and how he promotes his clients through video. Join us for this session and hear his perspective and experience.
Mark-Liberio, Producer and Co-Owner of Tetra Media Group
Media Contact
Cathy D Claterbaugh
c12 Concepts
(214) 478-4157
contact@c12concepts.net Cathy D Claterbaughc12 Concepts(214) 478-4157
End
-- Video has become a leader to draw in an audience. It can be used in various forms and platforms including social media. February 23, 2017 SMB Dallas will feature a panel of video experts who will share their experiences, perspective and successes using video.According to Cisco forecasts, global consumer Internet video traffic will make up 80% of all consumer Internet traffic by 2019. It is 74% in 2017. Mobile video traffic now accounts for more than half (55%) of all time spent on mobile. In 2016, people spent an average of three hours and six minutes per day on mobile devices, up from one hour and 28 minutes in 2012, as found by eMarketer.So it's no surprise that, 76.5% of marketers and small business owners who have used video marketing say it had a direct impact on their business (source: Animoto survey). This month we will have two expert Panelists discuss their own video endeavors. Join us for this session and hear from their perspective and experience.Our panel this month will feature Winn Fuqua, Winn Fuqua Photography and Mark Liberio, Tetra Media Group. You will want to register ( http://www.socialmediabreakfastdallas.com/ february-23- 60-... ) early as this event will fill up quickly.Winn Fuqua, Owner of Winn Fuqua Photography for 27 years. Winn specializes in drone, video and photo. He is both an imaging expert author and public speaker on these subjects. His clients include Sprint, Coca-Cola, Westin Hotels and Club Corp. He has been published in numerous publications such as USA Today, The Dallas Morning News, and the Dallas Business Journal.Winn Fuqua will be discussing using videos as a marketing and sales tool to position the owner or CEO of their company as an expert in the industry. When you share what you know on a regular basis you become the expert in that industry. Use 60 second videos to position your business / yourself, and stay in touch with your audience. Let's discuss two of the most common bad assumptions or even mistakes when making your videos. Is producing a 30 second video easier or harder than creating a 1.5-minute video? Will the shorter video be less expensive?, a script to social video production company in Dallas. Tetra produces television commercials, online marketing videos, training and e-learning modules and provides video support at corporate and non-profit events. Mark has been a member of the Social Media Breakfast Dallas Board of Directors since 2014 and was awarded Small Business Person of the Year in 2014 by the Plano Chamber of Commerce.Mark will be discussing four elements every marketing video should have and better yet, the three biggest mistakes to avoid with video and social media. Let's explore, "What is the best social media platform for my videos?"Social media is ever changing and SMB Dallas is an organization that collectively presents and practices social media platforms, tools, metrics, applications, ROI and case studies. We are excited hear from Winn and Mark at the upcoming February 2017 meeting. SMB Dallas is a free event so registration is critical if you want a seat for most months. To register visit Eventbrite – 60 Seconds To Sizzle With Social Videos!says, "Modern communication is constantly moving in the direction of being more mobile and more visual. Targeted, concise and memorable video or visual story telling is a major player in this movement. There is SEO strategy that plays into a successful video campaign but in the end, it's the value of the story that connects and stays with the viewer. What's your story?"SMB Dallas social media includes LinkedIn, Twitter (https://twitter.com/SMBdallas), Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/groups/smbdallas/), and Google+ (https://plus.google.com/communities/112992110532216757967). Please join us and share your experiences and share with others too.SMB Dallas was formed May 5, 2010 for businesses and individuals primarily involved in B2B, to network, learn, and showcase their interests in various uses of social media. From a business owner who utilizes social media to promote and grow their business, to the media expert or the new beginner, SMB Dallas is an organization of 800 members coming together to share, teach and learn. SMB's roots started in "The Big 3" in social medias – LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter, and has constantly expanded topics to more social media platforms strategic approaches, tools and many more. The program format varies from showcasing various keynote speakers, "Hot Topic" panel discussions and roundtable "Burning Question" format, so all have an opportunity to participate and grow in knowledge. Meeting the last Thursday of each month, SMB Dallas members gather to share experiences, successes and engage with each other on a variety of different topics in and around the social media sphere. For more information please visit https://socialmediabreakfastdallas.com.
Former UFC Heavyweight Champion Brock Lesnar notified the UFC that he is retiring from MMA according to a report from Marc Raimondi of MMAFighting.com.
Lesnar last fought at UFC 200 on July 9, 2016, defeating Mark Hunt by unanimous decision. Lesnar failed two drug tests related to the fight, having twice tested positive for anti-estrogenic agent Hydroxy-clomiphene. One test was on the day of the fight, while the other was weeks before on June 28th. Lesnar was suspended for one year and he also agreed to pay a $250,000 fine as part of a settlement with the Nevada attorney general's office. Lesnar's victory over Hunt was also overturned into a No Contest.
See Also CM Punk On His Reaction To Brock Lesnar Failed Drug Tests, How He Helped Stars Get Called Up To WWE
Despite the suspension, Lesnar was still considered an active fighter and was subject to random drug tests by USADA. By retiring, his suspension has been frozen and he is no longer subject to UFC's drug testing program. If he were to return, he would have to complete the five months remaining on his suspension and would be subject to random drug testing during that period.
Lesnar would have been eligible to return to MMA on July 15th, 2017. He is retiring from the sport with a record of 5-3, with one No Contest.
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
LONDON Japan wants to resolve a territorial row that has over-shadowed ties with Russia since World War Two, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Saturday.
"A peace treaty between Japan and Russia has not been concluded yet, even after 70 years have passed since the end of World War Two," Abe told reporters in London. "It is an extremely unusual situation. Infinite possibilities are latent in the cooperation between Japan and Russia."
Russia and Japan did not sign a formal peace treaty at the end of World War Two because of a dispute over islands in the Western Pacific, called the Northern Territories in Japan and the Southern Kuriles in Russia.
The islands were seized by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two and 17,000 Japanese residents were forced to flee.
"Russia's constructive engagement is essential in resolving global challenges," Abe said. "It is my intention to continue to have dialogue with President [Vladimir] Putin, so as to co-ordinate regarding these challenges."
(Reporting by William James, writing by Alistair Smout,; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
South African competitor AJ Venter will ride a Suzuki GSX-R1000 at the Isle of Man TT for Northern Ireland's Burrows Engineering Racing team.
The 30-year-old, who missed the event last year, made his debut on the Mountain Course in 2014. He will compete in the RST Superbike, RL360 Superstock and Pokerstars Senior TT races.
South African rider AJ Venter in action on the Mountain Mile on the Burrows Engineering Racing Suzuki.
Venter only arrived on the Isle of Man on Tuesday after missing the first practice session for the Superbike and Superstock machines on Monday, but he was quickly into his stride, lapping at 115.563mph after completing two laps.
He joins newcomer Davey Todd in the team solely for the TT. The young prospect has been making eye-catching progress as he continues to learn the Mountain Course, with Davey topping the newcomer times on Tuesday with an impressive speed of 121.972mph.
Team boss John Burrows said: “AJ will ride for us in the Superbike, Superstock and Senior races. He only arrived on the Isle of Man on Tuesday and he basically sat on the bike for the first time and went off down Bray Hill.
“He has been here a few times before and has lapped around the 122mph or 123mph mark, so his knowledge of the course is good, although this is actually only his fourth time at the TT.
“I certainly would like to try and help AJ build on what he has achieved in the past and try and pass some of my knowledge on to him. He is a real nice guy and I've known him for several years also, so I'm looking forward to working with him.
“There is no pressure in terms of a result and we just want to do a good job for him as a team and help him improve.”
Reflecting on North Yorkshire rider Todd's progress so far during TT practice, Burrows said the promising rookie was approaching the event with the right mindset.
“Davey has come here and done so much homework, including more than 120 laps in a car, and he has been watching on-board footage on DVD. There are so many ways for newcomers to learn the course now compared to how it was in the past.
“He has approached it very sensibly and he's not out there racing the course. I have passed on as much advice as I can and Davey has been really impressive so far.
“If you try and rush things then you won't progress steadily, but Davey is going about it in the right way.”
April 13 B/E Aerospace Inc
* Rockwell Collins Inc says completes acquisition of B/E Aerospace Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Storm hit State Highway Six set to be reopened this morning
Hundreds of people have been stuck on the West Coast since the storm hit on Thursday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A female teacher who had a "full-blown sexual relationship" with a 15-year-old schoolboy has been jailed for 16 months.
Alice McBrearty, 23, admitted having a four-month fling earlier this year with a pupil she taught at an east London school.
Snaresbrook Crown Court heard how McBrearty kissed the youngster in a classroom, took him to an Ibis hotel for sex, and performed sex acts on him in an empty garage and in her car.
She also took the teenager to her parents' home in Wanstead Park, east London, where she performed sex acts on him and had sex.
McBrearty, who pleaded guilty to seven counts of sexual activity with a child while in a position of trust at an earlier hearing, put her head in her hands and sobbed in the dock as Judge Sheelagh Canavan sentenced her on Friday.
Jailing her for a total of 16 months, the judge described McBrearty as a "bright, intelligent and gifted young woman, who knew right from wrong," but said she had committed the "grossest breach of trust".
"You engaged in a full-blown sexual relationship with a 15-year-old child.
"I accept he was consenting - what 15-year-old schoolboy would turn down such an attractive offer?" she said.
"I accept you truly believed this was a great romance, you were in love with him and vice versa, and that age didn't matter. But it did," the judge continued.
"You were supposed to keep him safe, to help him make the right decisions.
"Instead, you helped him make all the wrong ones."
The court heard the relationship began when McBrearty sent the boy, who cannot be identified because he is a victim of a sexual offence, a friend request on social media.
Prosecutor Lisa Matthews said he "felt special", adding: "She started to take him out to parks, including the Olympic Park, they went on strolls and out for meals.
"He appeared to be besotted with her."
The court heard the pair had seven sexual encounters, starting when McBrearty took the youngster to her home.
On other occasions she booked a hotel room for sex and performed sex acts in a garage and her car.
She also kissed her pupil in a classroom at the school.
The court heard the relationship came to an end when the victim's father contacted police.
Emma Shafton, defending, said: "This is a young lady who has had a spectacular fall from grace - university educated, comes from a respectable family - she has been utterly disgraced by this."
She told the judge her client "is not sexually attracted to children", but added: "She will of course be branded a paedophile for the rest of her life. She is a sex offender."
The barrister added: "She has not been able to get a decent job that matches her qualifications. She has of course resigned from the teaching profession. She has been working on a zero-hours contract delivering parcels to Amazon."
An aerial view of houses affected by the passing of Hurricane Maria in Naranjito, Puerto Rico, on Oct. 23. Ricardo Arduengo/AFP/Getty Images
When Hillary Clinton was running against Donald Trump in 2016, she boiled down concerns about his temperament to a central question: “Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room, making life-or-death decisions on behalf of the United States,” she said. The attack was centered on national security, but the argument went beyond the role of commander in chief to broader questions about Trump's ability to handle any number of potential crises. How would he react to a public health emergency? How would he deal with a natural disaster?
We now have an answer to this question as the scope of devastation from Hurricane Maria becomes more clear. What we have learned is that there are life-and-death consequences to putting someone like Donald Trump in command of the federal government. The profound failure of leadership and management that Trump's critics feared has actually happened, and we are just now learning the scale of that disaster.
Puerto Ricans were still recovering from Hurricane Irma when Maria made landfall last autumn. The storm devastated the island, destroying homes and crippling vital infrastructure. The crisis that ensued demanded an immediate and robust response from the federal government. But the response was sluggish, even as early reports made clear that this was a serious tragedy in the making. The White House made few preparations in the lead-up to the storm, and it was weeks before the Federal Emergency Management Agency committed its full resources to the island. During that time, clean water was scarce, food was hard to find, and hospitals struggled to care for patients, some with serious injuries and illnesses. Most of Puerto Rico lacked electricity for months, and medical supplies were few and far between. When FEMA did eventually act, it dropped the ball. To deliver 30 million meals, the agency contracted with an Atlanta-based wedding caterer with no experience in emergency management. By the time the company's contract was terminated, it had delivered just 50,000 of those meals.
The impact of those missteps wasn't immediately clear. According to the government, only 64 people died in the disaster, compared to more than 1,800 who are estimated to have died in Hurricane Katrina. Trump noted that difference when he visited the island. “Every death is a horror,” said Trump, “but if you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina, and you look at the tremendous—hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people that died, and you look at what happened here, with really a storm that was just totally overpowering, nobody's ever seen anything like this.” He was congratulating himself, and even took to Twitter to complain of unfair treatment from those who faulted the administration's response: “Nobody could have done what I've done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work!”
We now know this initial death toll was likely wrong by many orders of magnitude. Tracking deaths is always difficult in the wake of such a serious disaster, but recent research makes it clear that the federal government grossly undercounted the number of people who died due to this hurricane. After a review of mortality data, both the New York Times and the Center for Investigative Journalism estimated more than 1,000 deaths from the hurricane and its aftermath. A new Harvard study, released on Tuesday and published in the New England Journal of Medicine, estimated that at least 4,465 people died as a result of Hurricane Maria, which would make it the deadliest natural disaster to strike the United States since 1900, when a powerful hurricane devastated Galveston, Texas, and surrounding areas, killing at least 8,000 people. The researchers, who surveyed thousands of randomly selected homes in Puerto Rico, asked residents about deaths and extrapolated from the results, attributing many of the deaths to hospital disruptions and loss of basic utility services.
A faster, stronger response would have prevented some of those deaths. Even if the White House was unprepared when the storm initially hit, much of the aftermath could have been averted if President Trump had focused his administration on the disaster and brought the weight of the federal government to bear on the unfolding tragedy. Instead, Trump sent every signal that he simply didn't care. He downplayed the devastation to Puerto Rico and blamed Puerto Ricans for not doing more to repair the damage. He went after the mayor of San Juan, who had criticized the government's response. He didn't use his Twitter account to publicize relief efforts or generally encourage Americans to help. What he did do during that time, however, was campaign for political allies and start a feud with black football players.
Puerto Rico is part of the United States, Puerto Ricans are Americans citizens, and as president, Donald Trump had a responsibility to assist them as they battled disaster. He didn't, and the result was suffering and death on a massive scale.
The extraordinary scandals of the Trump administration—including the president's public effort to shield himself and his associates from wrongdoing—are important. But they should not blind us to the very real weight of his more ordinary transgressions. Donald Trump failed Puerto Rico, and no one should forget it.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ROME, April 10 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - More than half of Iraqi families are at risk of going hungry, a U.N. agency said on Monday, warning of "unprecedented levels of vulnerability" faced by the population due to years of conflict.
Most families in the country will no longer be able to feed themselves if basic food prices increase or fighting escalates, according to the World Food Programme (WFP).
"They can't absorb any more shocks," said WFP spokeswoman Dina El-Kassaby.
Conflict and instability have stifled food production in Iraq, according to the United Nations. Farmers face shortages of seeds and fertilizers and many have been forced to abandon their land or sell their animals.
A study by WFP and the Iraqi government found that 2.5 percent of the population, or more than 800,000 people, are going to bed hungry every night.
There are concerns this figure could increase, as two thirds of internally displaced people and more than half of Iraqis living in their homes have barely enough to feed themselves, said El-Kassaby.
Almost 75 percent of Iraqi children under the age of 15 are working to help their families put food on the table instead of going to school, WFP said.
"Anything that changes the status quo of those families that are on the verge of food insecurity would push them over the edge," El-Kassaby told the Thomson Reuters Foundation by phone.
The study, which El-Kassaby said was the most comprehensive on food needs ever conducted in Iraq, was based on surveys of more than 20,000 families in urban and rural areas across the country.
It was carried out before the launch of a U.S.-backed campaign to dislodge Islamic State from the northern city of Mosul and didn't capture the situation of those fleeing fighting there, WFP said.
More than 300,000 people have fled Mosul since the start of the offensive began in October last year, according to the office of the U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator in Iraq. (Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Ros Russell.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
MUMBAI (Reuters) - India's leading online grocer BigBasket has raised $300 million in a funding round led by China's Alibaba (BABA.N), giving it more firepower to compete with U.S. rival Amazon (AMZN.O).
An Alibaba unit invested $146 million, subscribing to compulsorily convertible preference shares, BigBasket said a filing to Indian regulators.
BigBasket, which sells everything from vegetables to frozen meats to soap and shampoo, gave no breakdown of the fundraising but said it would use the funds to build farmer networks and expand deeper into Indian cities where they operate.
“BigBasket is delighted to receive this funding from Alibaba, which will essentially be directed towards growth and consolidation. The multinational e-commerce retailer fits in best with what we believe in,” chief executive Hari Menon said.
Bengaluru-headquartered BigBasket, which researcher Forrester estimates accounts for roughly 40 percent of India's $750 million online grocery market, is competing with SoftBank-backed (9984.T) Grofers and Amazon's India unit for a bigger slice of the market.
Founded in 2011, BigBasket has more than 6 million registered customers and operates across 26 Indian cities.
Alibaba, through its units, holds various investments in India's fast-growing online retail space, including a stake in the parent of top digital wallet firm Paytm.
Sands Capital Pvt Growth Ltd, International Finance Corp and Abraaj Basket I Pvt Ltd also invested a total of $50.8 million in BigBasket as part of the latest round, according to the filing.
It was not immediately known who invested the remainder of the total $300 million.
BigBasket and Alibaba did not immediately respond to requests seeking comment.
A 6.1-magnitude earthquake struck northern Chile, 144 km (90 miles) southeast of Calama, at a depth of 188 km, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said on Saturday.
The earthquake had a preliminary magnitude of 6.2 and struck at about 5:15 a.m. (0815 GMT), USGS said.
There were no immediate reports on social media of damage or casualties.
(Reporting by Louise Ireland and Brendan O'Brien)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Harry Redknapp has been appointed as the new manager of Birmingham following the resignation of Gianfranco Zola.
The 70-year-old former Tottenham and QPR boss takes over with Blues three points above the Sky Bet Championship relegation zone.
His first game in charge of the club, who announced his arrival on their Twitter account, will be at city rivals Aston Villa on Sunday.
His appointment follows almost a year out of English football. Redknapp last worked in English football with Derby, where he worked as a football advisor alongside then-head coach Darren Wassall.
He was also with the Jordan national team for a two-game spell, but has since been out of management.
Redknapp's priority from Birmingham's final three fixtures of the 2016/17 season will be to preserve their Championship status. Monday's 2-0 home defeat by Burton left them 20th, and only three points above the drop zone.
In his last spell in the Championship, he led QPR to promotion back to the Premier League at the first attempt, having also previously inspired Portsmouth to promotion.
A season that began promisingly under new Derby manager Gary Rowett, who took Birmingham into contention for promotion, turned into one of significant struggle when Rowett was succeeded by Zola.
The Italian, who in 2013 led Watford to the play-off final before his sacking the following season, oversaw only two wins from 24 fixtures with Birmingham.
His appointment was as unexpected as Rowett's departure and led to significant unrest among the club's fans, who chanted “we want Zola out” during his final game in charge.
After his resignation, the 50-year-old said: “Birmingham deserves better. If I feel I cannot help the players, why stay? If I cannot help the team, it is better I leave and let someone else do that.”
(Repeats article that appeared earlier, no changes)
By Ernest Scheyder
HOUSTON, March 28 A small group of U.S. oil producers has been trying to exploit advances in DNA science to wring more crude from shale rock, as the domestic energy industry keeps pushing relentlessly to cut costs and compete with the world's top exporters.
Shale producers have slashed production costs as much as 50 percent over two years, waging a price war with the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
Now, U.S. shale producers can compete in a $50-per-barrel oil market, and about a dozen shale companies are seeking to cut costs further by analyzing DNA samples extracted from oil wells to identify promising spots to drill.
The technique involves testing DNA extracts from microbes found in rock samples and comparing them to DNA extracted from oil. Similarities or differences can pinpoint areas with the biggest potential. The process can help cut the time needed to begin pumping, shaving production costs as much as 10 percent, said Ajay Kshatriya, chief executive and co-founder of Biota Technology, the company that developed this application of DNA science for use in oilfields.
The information can help drillers avoid missteps that prevent maximum production, such as applying insufficient pressure to reach oil trapped in rocks, or drilling wells too closely together, Kshatriya said.
"This is a whole new way of measuring these wells and, by extension, sucking out more oil for less," he said.
Biota's customers include Statoil ASA, EP Energy Corp and more than a dozen other oil producers. Kshatriya would not detail Biota's cost, but said it amounts to less than 1 percent of the total cost to bring a well online.
A shale well can cost between $4 million and $8 million, depending on geology and other factors.
Independent petroleum engineers and chemists said Biota's process holds promise if the company can collect enough DNA samples along the length of a well so results are not skewed.
"I don't doubt that with enough information (Biota) could find a signature, a DNA fingerprint, of microbial genomes that can substantially improve the accuracy and speed of a number of diagnostic applications in the oil industry," said Preethi Gunaratne, a professor of biology and chemistry at the University of Houston.
Biota has applied its technology to about 80 wells across U.S. shale basins, including North Dakota's Bakken, and the Permian and Eagle Ford in Texas, Kshatriya said. That is a tiny slice of the more than 300,000 shale wells across the nation.
EP Energy, one of Biota's first customers, insisted on a blind test last year to gauge the technique's effectiveness, asking Biota to determine the origin of an oil sample from among dozens of wells in a 1,000-square foot zone.
Biota was able to find the wells from which the oil was taken and to recommend improvements for wells drilled in the same region, said Peter Lascelles, an EP Energy geologist.
"If you've been in the oilfield long enough, you've seen a lot of snake oil," said Lascelles, using slang for products or services that do not perform as advertised.
Lascelles said DNA testing helps EP Energy understand well performance better than existing oil field surveys such as seismic and chemical analysis. The testing gives insight into what happens underground when rock is fractured with high pressure mixtures of sand and water to release trapped oil.
Biota's process is just the latest technology pioneered to coax more oil from rock. Other techniques include microseismic studies, which examine how liquid moves in a reservoir, and tracers, which use some DNA elements to study fluid movement.
Venture capitalist George Coyle said his fund Energy Innovation Capital had invested in Biota because it expected the technique to yield big improvements in drilling efficiency. He declined to say how much the fund had invested.
"The correlations they're going to be able to find to improve a well, we think, are going to be big," he said.
(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Gary McWilliams, Simon Webb and David Gregorio)
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
March 31 Sun Bancorp Inc:
* On March 28, co announced that Board of Directors of co elected James Lockhart III as a director of co
* Co also announced that Board of Directors of co elected James Lockhart III as a director to Board of co's unit - SEC filing
* Size of both co and co's unit's Boards of Directors will be increased by one to eleven members Source text: (bit.ly/2nnloPy) Further company coverage:
May 3 Avis Budget Group Inc
* Avis Budget Group reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $0.94
* Q1 loss per share $1.25
* Q1 revenue $1.8 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.88 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.52 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $2.85 to $3.50
* Avis budget group inc - updates its 2017 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share estimates
* Avis budget group inc - expects full-year 2017 revenue will increase 2% to 3%, to $8.8 to $8.95 billion
* Total company per-unit fleet costs are expected to be $285 to $295 per month in 2017
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.23, revenue view $8.84 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Avis Budget Group Inc- estimates that its 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share will be $2.85 to $3.50
* Avis Budget Group Inc - adjusted ebitda is expected to be $800 million to $880 million in 2017
* Avis Budget Group Inc- continues to expect that it will generate $450 to $500 million of adjusted free cash flow in 2017
* 2017 international segment revenue is expected to grow 4% to 7%
* Avis Budget Group- in 2017, expect will generate $450 to $500 million of adjusted free cash flow,will repurchase $300 million or more of common stock Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
LISBON, March 31 Portugal's telecoms regulator ANACOM said again on Friday it had rejected the European Commission's recommendation that it open up part of Altice's national fibre optic network to rivals.
ANACOM had indicated last year that it would not comply with the recommendation, prompting Brussels to conduct an inquiry and to warn that the European Commission could pursue legal measures if ANACOM did not change tack.
Local competitors such as Vodafone have been pushing Brussels to open up access to the network operated by Altice's unit MEO in rural areas.
ANACOM said that its decision was based on the fact that Portugal had expanded its broadband network across the country using multiple networks that were operated by several companies.
"After thorough consideration, ANACOM maintains its decision not to heed the EU recommendation, taking into account data showing the specifics of the national broadband market compared with other European countries," the regulator said.
In 2015 Amsterdam-listed Altice bought former state monopoly PT Portugal, which included MEO, Portugal's biggest pay-TV and broadband Internet service provider.
ANACOM said its regulations had made it possible for MEO's rivals, which include NOS and Vodafone Portugal, to invest in their own infrastructure.
But competitors have complained about Altice's dominance. Vodafone has said it expects Brussels to force Portugal to open up, saying customers in some areas faced a worse service, limited offers and higher bills than in other regions.
The European Commission inquiry that ended in November carried a warning that legal steps could follow if ANACOM did not amend or withdraw its decision to reject the recommendations. (Reporting By Daniel Alvarenga and Andrei Khalip; Editing by Edmund Blair)
* Raises 50 mln stg in placing at 132.5 pence a share
* Sees at best break-even in earnings for year to end-March
* Shares up 1.5 pct
LONDON, March 30 Online retailer AO World raised 50 million pounds ($62 million) on Thursday to underpin its balance sheet as it navigates an uncertain outlook in Britain, its biggest market, and the impact of the lower pound on supplier prices.
Chief Executive Steve Caunce said the capital raising - the company's first since it floated two years ago - would support continued expansion in its product range and European footprint, after strong revenue growth in its fiscal year ending on Friday.
"This was achieved in spite of the challenging dynamics in our markets," he said.
The company said in a trading update it would at best break even in the year ending March; in January it had said it could make adjusted core earnings of up to 4.7 million pounds.
It kept the bottom of its guidance range unchanged at a loss of 2.4 million pounds.
Although revenue was seen up 17 percent to around 700 million pounds, that is at the bottom of guidance.
The company said it was cautious about trading in Britain given the uncertain economic outlook, the impact of currency on supplier pricing and the possible effect on consumer demand.
A fall in the value of the pound of more than 15 percent against the dollar since Britain's vote to leave the European Union last year is pushing up costs for retailers that import goods. The pressure is staring to feed through to shelf prices, pushing up inflation and squeezing consumers.
Shares in AO World were up 1.5 percent at 140 pence on Thursday morning, as analysts at Jefferies, who have a "buy" rating on the company, said it was navigating the market well.
"In a challenging market, AO has hung on to the lower end of the guide, 700 million pounds in revenue terms - quietly impressive we feel," they said.
AO World said it had placed 37.7 million new shares, representing about 9 percent of its capital, at 132.5 pence a share.
($1 = 0.8050 pounds) (Reporting by Paul Sandle; Editing by Mark Potter)
Boy, 10, shot by 12-year-old playing with gun
A ten-year-old boy is in serious condition at the Georgetown Public Hospital, after being shot in the stomach by a 12-year-old, who was playing with a relative's shotgun.
Police identified the victim as John Isaacs, and said the incident happened at around 16.00 hrs on Thursday at Taruka Village, Monkey Mountain, Region Eight.
A release stated that the boys were playing with a 12-gauge shotgun which is owned by a relative of the elder lad, when the older boy accidentally discharged the weapon.
Isaacs was rushed to the Monkey Mountain Health Centre, and transferred to the Georgetown Hospital yesterday.
Police said that the 12-year-old has not yet been detained.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
“In our first flat, we didn't have a dining table, so we were eating on the floor, sometimes seeing the odd mouse running past us”, Sam remembers. Their flatmate Alex adds that it was, however, the best flat they have lived in so far as students in Edinburgh.
As February approaches, so does the serious stage of the annual hunt for student flats. Many students are likely to be looking for their first own home, which can be challenging, if not daunting. Many will use letting agencies for different reasons, like a lack of networks or fear of dodgy private landlords.
Letting agencies are the first point of contact for tenants, in the case of enquiries, necessary repair work, or complaints. As tenants move into a new home, it is also the responsibility of letting agencies ensure that the house or flat is an accordance with hygienic and safety requirements.
For students, moving into their own home can be a rough awakening, often, experiencing instances where agencies do not fulfil, or even seriously neglect their duties. After an appeal on Facebook, over a hundred students completed a survey designed by The Student, and a dozen students shared their stories with us in interviews.
Of course, not every experience worth telling fits onto one page; what is presented here is only a selection.
Any student will have either experienced or heard stories of cold, damp rooms, extra pets in the shape of mice, mouldy bathrooms and walls, unreturned deposits, unfulfilled but required repair work. One could have the impression that students in Edinburgh have gotten used to a certain level of below par living standards.
The fact that such anecdotes circulate widely on campus probably contributes to this, as well as the romanticised notion of a Bohemian student lifestyle. “Now that I'm a student myself, it really annoys me when my mum gets nostalgic about her time as a student in a tiny cold room, because there really is nothing romantic about that”, says Sam.
In their first year at university, Sam and Alex stressed about finding a place on the competitive housing market in Edinburgh, and chose a flat managed by Braemore Sales & Lettings. The trouble started on the day they moved in, finding a filthy flat without gas, electricity or heating. “The temperature was around 10 degrees, I got sick the next day”, Sam said. Different pieces of furniture were missing or broken.
A year later, in another Braemore managed flat, things were no better. With a broken washing machine and water all over the floor, the only advice Sam got from Braemore, at first, was to search self-help videos on YouTube. Currently, Sam, Alex and their flatmates avoid buying food that needs to go in the fridge, because theirs is simply too small for the number of people in the flat.
Another problem was the communication between them, the agency and the landlord. “We own five pet rats, and obviously know that many landlords might not be okay with that, so we asked our agent multiple times, and they assured us that it was not a problem and promised to endow us with a written pet agreement soon. But they never did. When the landlord came in for an inspection, he was not happy”, Alex said.
Another notorious agency within the university community is Grant Property. Alan, a former tenant, recalls waking up one January morning and noticing that a cup of tea had frozen in his room overnight. The heating stopped working weekly, and some of the windows could not be shut properly. Grant Property also kept a considerable portion of Alan's deposit after he accidentally damaged the kitchen floor. “What they [Grant Property] didn't know was that the next tenants included my flatmate's sister. Months later we went to her birthday party and discovered that a big hole in my bank account had failed to fix the big hole in the floor”.
Claudia, another Grant Property tenant, was unable to sleep in her room for about two months because of a stream coming from the ceiling, soaking the carpet. “Because I have eczema, my body quickly reacted to the humidity, and my skin got really irritable and infected. That, and the fact that I had lost my own space also had a negative impact on my mental health, exacerbating my depression”.
After a tedious back-and-forth, Grant Property agreed to pay compensation worth approximately three weeks of rent. “They only did that after my parents started to phone in nearly every day, after Patrick [Kilduff, President of Edinburgh University's Student Association] called them, and because my boyfriend who is a journalist advised me to mention certain aspects of tenancy law in my correspondence”, says Claudia.
All students who were interviewed are convinced that agencies treat them less seriously because they are students, and thus often young, inexperienced and perhaps less self-confident than professionals or older people, as well as desperate for an affordable home. A common consensus amongst students is a lack of authority when handling tenant issues.
Talking to The Student, David Cabrelli, senior lecturer in commercial law, stresses that in extreme situations, it might be legitimate to withhold rent or threaten to do so.
Ginette Lowdean from the Advice Place, which is run by the Students' Association, is not too surprised when she hears stories of the like. Queries and problems concerning accommodation are the second most frequent reason why students turn to the Advice Place, as she explained to The Student. ‘What I recommend is to check if a landlord is registered to take pictures of the property at the beginning, to keep a record of the correspondence with the agency and landlord, and to speak to us if an offer seems to be too good to be true.'
Students who are currently flat hunting may be pleased to hear that a new law, the Private Residential Tenancies (PRTs), came into force in December 2017. Graeme Brown, Director of Shelter Scotland, predicts that a new Code of Conduct will hopefully create a more transparent and open line of communication between tenants and letting agents.
This is particularly important for students in Edinburgh, where poor communication appears to be a particularly prevalent problem. If still facing significant challenges, tenants are then able to bring their case forward to the newly established First Tier Tribunal, a free hearing allowing cases of misconduct to be brought against letting agencies. This could dramatically affect the letting agency's credentials, hopefully creating the incentive for letting agencies adhere to their new guidelines.
A further significant change is the end of fixed term private residential tenancies. Tenants are now able to end any contract signed after December 1, 2017 by giving 28 days notice, meaning you don't have to spend your summers paying rent to an unoccupied flat if all tenants agree.
Image: Rosie Duckworth
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28Dalian Yi Qiao Sea Cucumber Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 0.30 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares and distribute 1 new share for every 10 shares as stock dividend and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 4 new shares for every 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/PHYD1q
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Dear Amy: My teenage daughter has a close friend named "Edward." Edward used to be a girl and began transitioning to male last year. Their circle of friends has been intact for years, and they have all been very supportive of Edward.
We are planning a slumber party for my daughter's upcoming birthday. She would like to invite six girls plus Edward to spend the night. Normally, there would be no way that I'd allow a boy to spend the night, but this situation is very different.
I don't want to exclude or hurt Edward. I just don't know what is appropriate.
If we do invite him, must we tell the other parents that there will be a boy (although he's biologically a girl) spending the night? I want to act with compassion, but still be prudent and responsible. Please advise?
-- Teen's Mom
Dear Mom: I think that (almost no matter the question concerning your child's plans) if you are worrying about telling other parents, or wondering whether to tell parents, then you should probably tell the parents.
I shared your question with Shannon Garcia, director of TransYouth Family Allies (imatyfa.org). She responded, "Often times, the topic of gender identity is a touchy one. People don't know what to say or how to act in situations that differ from societal expectations. The best policy is to acknowledge everyone with equal dignity and respect."
Garcia and I agree that you can let the parents know about the plans, saying, "The kids our daughter has invited are..." and then you list the names, including "Edward." If this group of kids has been close for years, then you can assume that the parents know Edward, or know about him, and might be as unconcerned about this as their children presumably are.
If a parent has a problem with this, they can speak to their own child, and their teenager will educate, correct, and convince them (or will go to the mat, trying), as teenagers have been doing since the dawn of time.
We are all in something of a transition, as we reconsider gender and encounter more people like Edward. This will become easier for everyone.
Dear Amy: Earlier this year, I posted some comments on Facebook regarding our political leadership that were rather pointed and incendiary.
I recently learned that some good friends of my wife and me, who we know to hold different political views, took deep offense to my comments, and have been avoiding contact with us since.
I am saddened by this, as I value this longtime friendship. On the other hand, I am struggling with how to proceed, as my comments were not made hastily and continue to reflect my feelings on the matter. Is there a way to salvage this friendship?
-- Torn
Dear Torn: You characterize your comments as "incendiary." If there is something about the way you expressed your views that you regret, then you should express your regret to these friends, and apologize. You might say, "I understand that comments I made earlier this year offended you. I'm very sorry about that, and wish I had chosen a different way to express my opinion."
You obviously feel that your basic opinion is unchanged, and nothing for which you need to apologize.
If you don't intend to apologize for offending these friends, you might be able to salvage this relationship by stating that you miss being in touch with them, along with the hope that you can resume your friendship and simply agree to disagree.
Your friends might well believe in every person's intrinsic right to their own political opinions, but might not want to maintain a friendship with someone who is boorish or deliberately incendiary in a public forum. If this describes you, then they are exercising their own judgment and their right to keep their distance.
Dear Amy: Your advice to "Frustrated!" was on the mark, but I would go further to say that her husband is seemingly not self-directed and is looking for direction on how to pitch in at home. With enough direction, he will become self-directed.
I was a similarly clueless boyfriend/husband.
It was only when my then-wife stopped doing almost all household chores that I figured out quickly what needed to get done if the kids were to be fed and off to school, laundry done, etc.
My current wife is ecstatic when I ask, "How can I help?"
-- Self-Directed
Dear Self-Directed: I love it that your ex-wife basically trained you to be a better husband. Props to you for figuring things out.
April 3 Altagas Ltd
* Altagas Ltd says initiating a simplified sale program for eligible holders of common shares of altagas
* Altagas - Program benefits shareholders who hold 99 or fewer shares, and want to sell their shares without paying brokerage commissions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A sign displaying the Euro symbol is seen on a shop window in Dublin city centre October 22, 2014. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
BRUSSELS Euro zone inflation rose by more than expected to the European Central Bank's target and core inflation increased to its highest level in more than three years, according to the first estimates from the EU's statistics agency.
Inflation in the 19 countries sharing the euro was 1.9 percent year-on-year, Eurostat estimated, up from 1.5 percent in March and just short of the four-year high of 2.0 percent recorded in February.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast April annualised inflation at 1.8 percent, but estimates released on Thursday showing sharper-than-expected price hikes in Germany had prepared markets for a potential stronger figure for the bloc.
The ECB has a medium-term target for inflation at close to but just below 2 percent.
Core inflation, which excludes volatile prices of energy and unprocessed food and which the European Central Bank monitors closely, also rose to 1.2 percent year-on-year in April from 0.8 percent in March, above market expectations of 1.0 percent.
The core level was at its highest level since September 2013.
The estimated figures for April could increase pressure on the ECB to wind down its monetary stimulus. The central bank has slashed interest rates into negative territory and adopted a bond-buying programme worth 2.3 trillion euros ($2.5 trillion) to counter the threat of deflation and revive growth in the 19-member currency bloc.
The ECB on Thursday stuck to its ultra-easy policy stance, but explicitly acknowledged the vigour of the euro zone economy, now on its best run since the global financial crisis.
Overall inflation was higher primarily because of a 7.5 percent rise in energy prices and of 2.2 percent for unprocessed food.
Prices for food, alcohol and tobacco went up by 1.5 percent in April, actually lower than the 1.8 percent figure for March.
In the services sector, the largest in the euro zone economy, prices rose by 1.8 percent in April, compared with 1.0 percent in March.
Eurostat's flash estimate for the month does not include a monthly calculation.
(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop)
April 13 DelMar Pharmaceuticals Inc
* DelMar Pharmaceuticals announces pricing of $9,000,000 public offering of common stock and warrants
* DelMar Pharma - Priced offering of 2.8 million shares,warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2.1 million shares at price to public of $3.25/share,related warrant Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SWANSEA CITY 1 TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 3
Tottenham Hotspur produced a spectacular late comeback to beat Swansea City 3-1 with three goals in seven minutes as the clock counted down in their Premier League clash at the Liberty Stadium on Wednesday.
Spurs trailed to an early Wayne Routledge goal heading into the 88th minute but strikes in quick succession by Dele Alli, Son Heung-min and Christian Eriksen kept second-placed Spurs in the title hunt seven points behind leaders Chelsea and dropped Swansea into the relegation zone.
Alli struck from close range for his fifth goal in six games in all competitions before Son beat keeper Lukasz Fabianski with a low shot in the 91st. Shell-shocked Swansea were still reeling when Eriksen added the third with a curling shot after 94 minutes.
Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino hailed his side's fifth successive league victory as proof of their fighting spirit. "It is crazy how the goals came in the last few minutes but we pushed and we created chances to win," he said. "This season we are fighting again. We are in a good way."
The late goal-rush was particularly cruel on Swansea, who until then had defended capably after forward Routledge scored against his former side in the 11th minute as they sought their first win over Spurs since 1982.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Tom Hayward)
Denis Welch Motorsport offer a growing range of components suitable for road and competition cars
Overdrive Parts
Contact
Mark Gibson
***@bighealey.co.uk Mark Gibson
End
-- Many Austin Healey's are fitted with an Laycock de Normanville A-Type overdrive on the back of the gearbox which provides an extra ratio available in 3and 4gears, operated by flicking a dash or gearstick mounted switch. This in effect provide the driver with 6 speeds to choose from, aiding performance on the track and also lowering engine revs for quieter and more economical cruising on road cars.Performance and Competition drivers often find that the original overdrive is simply not up to the job and can be slow or troublesome. Denis Welch Motorsport has developed a range of up-rated overdrive parts suitable for Austin Healey cars to improve the performance and reliability of the unit. These parts have been proven under tough, racing conditions.Faster and smoother gear changes can reward the driver with faster lap times. As standard the overdrive does not operate especially quickly and therefore performance is not optimised.The 'Works' type 1 3/4" diameter piston and springs allow a much larger volume of oil to accumulate and therefore the overdrive will engage more quickly when called upon. A 1 ½ " kit is also available, suitable for late Austin Healey BJ8 'stepped' cases or for those looking for a slightly less aggressive operation.When the overdrive is switched out there is a delay before the unit is disengaged. Being able to speed up this process offers significant performance benefits. This valve enables the overdrive unit to disengage faster, essential for drivers looking for an instant response when the switch is flicked. This part is suitable for both and race cars.These clutch brake rings have been reproduced in cast iron as original with precise control of the cone angle and surface finish to help avoid problems with the sliding member sticking. This results in significantly improved reliability under tough and demanding conditions.Maintaining a clean and healthy oil supply is essential if the overdrive unit is to operate correctly. Through use the oil will become contaminated and the filter performs a vital job. Competition in particular puts heavy demand on the overdrive oil with higher temperatures and higher gearbox input speeds as drivers seek to maximise their lap times. This strong, stainless steel item is a faithful reproduction of the original and will provide years of service, maintaining a clean flow of oil by blocking pieces of debris which could further damage the unit.Denis Welch Motorsport's Overdrive Drain Plug is designed and manufactured in-house. Made from Brass like the original and suitable for the Austin-Healey BN1 to BJ8 models or any A-Type overdrive.Denis Welch Motorsport's own CAD team have also developed a plug socket which has been CNC machined and zinc plated. Designed to fit the plug perfectly, it features a 3/4" hex drive which can be used with a socket and bar or even a torque wrench, minimising risk of damage to both plug and case thread.Many old, original parts have become damaged and replacements can be extremely difficult to find. With this in mind, Denis Welch Motorsport have had new ones manufactured. These brand-new parts have been cast to the original design using a higher grade of aluminium and then heat-treated. These are CNC machined in-house to ensure a perfect fit. Available to suit both the earlier side change gearbox and the later centre change gearboxes.Denis Welch Motorsport can supply virtually all parts to build a new Healey overdrive, except the centre case. Whilst good stocks of the centre cases allow, complete units can be supplied for outright sale. This option is ideal for those customers who wish to purchase a spare item to have ready when needed or to facilitate a quick return to the road or track whilst their primary unit is refurbished.Available in 22% ratio to suit race with no speedo drive or 28% Fast Road/Standard with a 15 tooth speedo drive. These are supplied without the overdrive to gearbox adapter plate which is available separately.Denis Welch Motorsport also have significant experience in rebuilding complete gearboxes and overdrives for customers all over the world who wish to retain their original unit or require a more customised specification.COVD202A Up-rated Accumulator Piston 1 ¾" £69.50COVD205 Competition inner and outer springs for 1 ¾" £18.95COVD204 1 ½" accumulator assembly £120.40COVD155 Competition Operating Valve £19.50OVD101 Overdrive Clutch Brake Ring £145.00OVD175 Overdrive Oil Filter £16.15OVD174 Overdrive drain plug £38.50OVD174T Drain plug socket £42.50OVD146 Overdrive adapter plate (side change) £195.00OVD147 Overdrive adapter plate (centre change) £195.00Austin Healey enthusiasts can find out further information on the full range of performance overdrive parts and place their order at www.bighealey.co.uk . They can also order the latest Big Healey Performance Catalogue which features hundreds of new performance enhancing products for the road, rally or race Healey owner or preparer.
Borrowing by small U.S. firms in February rose from a month prior, but was down from the year earlier than business owners remained cautious about investing amid policy uncertainty, data released on Monday showed.
The Thomson Reuters/PayNet Small Business Lending Index for February registered 132.9, unadjusted for seasonal trends, up from 124.2 but down 4 percent from last February.
Movements in the index typically correspond with changes in gross domestic product growth a quarter or two ahead.
Bets that U.S. President Donald Trump's planned tax cuts will boost corporate profits have lifted U.S. equities since his November election.
But prospects for other Trump policies, including a bid to change national health insurance laws that failed earlier this month, have increased uncertainty.
"The private companies are still looking for the right time and the right conditions to put their money to work again," said Bill Phelan, PayNet's chief executive and founder. "They don't have the confidence to go all in."
Small business borrowing is a key barometer of growth because small companies tend to do much of the hiring that drives economic gains.
Meanwhile, the number of companies falling behind on paying back existing debts has stayed low, PayNet data also showed. The share of loans more than 30 days past due was 1.67 percent in February, unchanged from January.
PayNet collects real-time loan information such as originations and delinquencies from more than 325 leading U.S. lenders.
(Reporting by Ann Saphir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 3 Orkla Asa
* Says has signed and completed an agreement to purchase 85 pct of the shares in the British sales and distribution company Orchard Valley Foods Limited
* Says Orchard Valley holds strong positions as a supplier of ingredients and accessories to the UK bakery, chocolate and ice cream market. Most of its turnover is generated in the UK, but the company also has increasing exports to Europe
* Orchard Valley is a privately-owned company and has a total of 72 employees
* The company's head office and production facilities are located in Tenbury Wells, UK
* In the financial year ending on 31 May 2016, Orchard Valley posted a turnover of GBP 23.9 million ($30 million) and normalised EBITDA of GBP 2.0 million
* The agreement also includes an option to purchase the remaining 15 pct of the shares. The company will be consolidated into Orkla's financial statements from 1 April 2017.
* The parties have agreed not to disclose the purchase price Source text: bit.ly/2n3nkRN Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.7974 pounds)
PARIS Medical charity Medicins Sans Frontieres said on Wednesday eight people it treated following a suspected chemical attack in northern Syria had symptoms consistent with nerve agents like Sarin.
"Among the victims of the attack on the town of Khan Sheikhoun who were transferred to the Bab al-Hawa hospital ... near the Turkish border, MSF saw eight patients with symptoms - dilated pupils, muscle spasms, involuntary defecation - consistent with exposure to neuro-toxic agents such as Sarin," the group said in a statement.
MSF, which has teams at the hospital, said it had provided antidotes and protective equipment for personnel on site.
"The MSF team also accessed other hospitals treating victims and noted a strong smell of chlorine, suggesting they had been exposed to this toxic agent," MSF said.
(This version was refiled to correct spelling to "defecation" in quote)
(Reporting by John Irish; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
BUENOS AIRES Peru has proposed loosening air quality regulations in parts of the country, a move that could clear the path toward attracting a new operator for a nearly century-old polymetallic smelter.
In a decree published late on Saturday, the Andean country's Environment Ministry proposed modifying several components of the country's environmental quality standards, including raising the sulfur dioxide emission limit to levels in line with other countries in the region including Chile, Colombia and Mexico.
Finding a buyer for the paralyzed La Oroya plant and a small copper mine is part of President Pablo Kuczynski's plans to ramp up Peru's refining capacity to add value to the world's second-biggest copper producer's exports.
But in a setback for Kuczynski's market-friendly administration, three auctions this year to sell the complex failed to attract bids as interested companies waited to see the new standards, which could reduce the cost of needed upgrades.
The government plans a new round of auctions before an August deadline to sell the plant.
The proposed standards are now open to a 10-day period of public comment.
Doe Run Peru, controlled by New York billionaire Ira Rennert's Renco Group, was the smelter's most recent owner, but it went bankrupt in 2009 without finishing needed upgrades.
(Reporting by Ursula Scollo; Writing by Luc Cohen; Editing by James Dalgleish)
TORONTO, April 12 Below are some key quotes from an appearance on Wednesday by Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz in Ottawa following the central bank's decision to hold benchmark interest rates unchanged:
POLOZ ON POLICY OUTLOOK, RECENT DATA:
"Given the circumstances we see, we're decidedly neutral. We believe the interest rate is at the appropriate level given what we see and as well things that we don't see, which are the risks that are weighing on decision-making in the Canadian corporate sector, which come from possible trade policy changes south of the border."
"Since we sat here three months ago, the data have not been uniformly positive, but they've been much more positive than they have been on balance for the last, I don't know, year, let's say."
POLOZ ON HOUSEHOLD INDEBTEDNESS, HOUSING DEMAND:
"The truly independent instrument of financial stability is macro-prudential changes in the system, which the government put into place not that long ago. On that front I think we can be very confident that the quality of indebtedness is steadily strengthening, because people have to qualify a higher rate, that is in what we call the insured space, the foreign insured mortgages, which is the part where the rules apply."
"There's no question that having had low interest rates for some time that has been one of the things contributing to more demand for housing. That's why we've had low interest rates, to boost the economy and that's one of the main channels. But an interest rate of either 3 or 4 percent for a mortgage is not going to change someone's mind if they've made they are basing their decision on the assumption that the price of the house is going to rise by another 20 percent next year. Interest rates are not what is fuelling that speculation, it does add to demand at the bottom, of course."
"Just to complete that thought I would just note that consumer credit is only growing in Canada by around 5 percent per year, mortgage credit by about 6 percent. And so there is no credit boom to go with that speculative phase and so it's in that sense there are checks and balances lying around."
POLOZ ON DEMAND FOR HOUSING IN TORONTO:
"Demand for housing is strong in the greater Toronto area. That's very fundamental. Employment growth has been strong, immigration growth has been strong, so there is obvious demand for housing. In that context, supply, although it has been growing, it has not been growing as fast as demand. So there'd be fundamental upward pressure on prices. We have known that for some time, so that hasn't changed. What has happened in the last year is that things have accelerated from that high teens to the 30 percent zone for price increases. Well, there is no fundamental story that we could tell justifying that kind of inflation rate in housing prices, and so it is that gap between what fundamentals could manage to explain and what is actually happening, which suggests that there is a growing role for speculation in that. In other words, demand is being driven more by speculative demand or investor demand as opposed to just folks that are buying a house."
POLOZ ON WHAT IMPACT TORONTO COULD HAVE ON HOUSING MARKET:
"If there was a sizeable correction in a market like Toronto - Toronto is a really big weight in Canada - so that can affect people's expectations in other markets. So in the sense it could be, it has potential to be contagious but I wouldn't predict it to be contagious, it just could be.
"What would make that more likely would be if the context were, the trigger were a slowing economy, if the economy were slowing down. Like the sort of thing we imagine in the FSR, what would cause a financial stability risk to become manifest? If there were a generalized increase in unemployment across the country because of, say, a global slowdown, then you would have the potential for a correction in that market and then it would be more likely to be contagious because everybody is experiencing the same trigger."
POLOZ: IT'S TIME TO REMIND FOLKS PRICES OF HOUSES CAN GO DOWN AS WELL AS UP:
"As we've observed more than a year ago in the case of Vancouver, where we had similar kind of data points, when there is that large of a gap between what fundamentals might say and what you actually observe, then there is very unlikely to be a sustainable rate of price increase and I think it is timely to remind folks that prices of houses can go down as well as up."
POLOZ ON HOME PRICES BEING 'DIVORCED' FROM FUNDAMENTALS:
"Any price that is rising at a rate of 30 percent or more has divorced itself from any fundamentals that we can identify. It puts it into what I would call an unsustainable zone."
POLOZ ON POSSIBILITY OF HOUSING CORRECTION:
"It is a question of risk management. What would you do if there was a correction. When something has been rising that quickly, of course it is vulnerable to a correction. But how big that could be, your guess is as good is mine."
"But I have to admit that in history there are lots of occasions when something looked unsustainable and it was unsustainable longer than you might have imagined. So there are no hard predictions around that."
POLOZ ON WHETHER A RATE CUT REMAINS AN OPTION:
"A rate cut, or further easing in policy, remains possible in the sense that there may be risks that are realized in the outlook, that pull us below the projection that we are offering up today."
"When we talked about that a few months ago we had seen a series of disappointing data points that led us to believe that the risks were beginning to tilt towards to the downside and the uncertainties that we were dealing with were similarly negative."
"And so it's in that context that we discussed the possibility of easing. But in this context, given the data that we've seen in the last few months, I can quite clearly say no, a rate cut was not on the table at this time." (Reporting by Fergal Smith, Alastair Sharp; Assembled by Dan Burns)
(James Saft is a Reuters columnist. The opinions expressed are his own)
By James Saft
March 29 You probably already knew that hedge fund names are intended to impress, or even better to confuse just enough to make you stop asking questions, but most of all to inspire confidence.
You are, after all, as a hedge fund client, about to hand over a substantial sum to people whose probity and ability you cannot measure. Fund names must set the right tone, engender the right mood.
So we have the proliferation of funds with names intending to suggest ritzy addresses or locales, abstruse theorems and admirable but all-too-rare personal characteristics. “The Chappaquiddick Binomial Integrity Fund II” is one you can have for free if you are thinking of starting a hedge fund.
What we now know, thanks to a nifty new study, is that hedge fund names which sound dignified are sending a signal through all the noise of marketing, and it is not the one the marketing consultants intend.
Funds named with words which suggest gravitas, that solemnity and dignity the Romans thought essential to leadership, attract more investor flows and perform worse, according to the study. (here)
“Hedge fund investors chase hedge fund names containing a special combination of words related to economics and geopolitics, or that convey power,” Juha Joenväärä of Finland's University of Oulu and Cristian Ioan Tiu of the University at Buffalo write in the study.
“Having a name with gravitas is associated with abnormal negative performance.”
Using the Harvard IV psychological dictionary the study devises a weighting scheme to measure funds whose names suggest attributes and subjects including politics, economics, power and influence, a category they term gravitas, looking at a sample of almost 18,000 hedge funds from 1994 to 2013.
The funny part is, it works: every one word with gravitas increases the flow into an average fund by $227,120 a year.
The even funnier part, it backfires: funds with positive gravitas exposure in their names underperform those with negative gravitas by almost 1 percent of alpha, or outperformance, a year. Average annualized returns are 0.82 percentage point lower, volatility is higher and average maximum losses in a given period are higher.
These dignified funds are worse in almost all of the important ways you can measure, it seems.
A CONFIDENCE GAME
The study suggests that the so-called sophisticated investors who put money into gravitas hedge funds do learn, eventually reversing their flows of cash into them. They learn so well that the gravitas funds are more likely than other funds to ultimately fail, though perhaps what is being measured here is not investor learning but that managers without much talent are more likely to try to hide behind confidence-inspiring fund names.
The probability of going out of business of funds with the highest level of gravitas is more than 5 percent higher than those whose names have no gravitas.
Interestingly the gravitas funds have higher management fees and lower incentive fees. A management fee the manager gets to keep no matter what, while a performance fee only kicks in if pre-agreed hurdles are jumped. It is almost as if these guys know they are not that good.
Similar studies, with similar results, have been done about mutual funds, but mutual funds market to the great ignorant mass of investors, not the supposedly sophisticated hedge fund client base, most of whom are institutions.
Once again we are reminded of the extent to which financial services are a confidence game in which the ability to inspire belief is key to success, at least in terms of attracting clients.
It is also similar, in its ultimate message, to a paper from February which found that firms with more fund managers and analysts produced more volatility and were more likely to engage in benchmark-hugging closet indexing rather than truly active investing. That suggests that the extra employees were there to send a confidence-inspiring signal rather than to do actual and useful work. (here)
The real message is the harder a firm tries to impress you, the more you should be wary of the value of its services. Sending a false signal of competence or gravitas is a good Darwinian tactic in an industry in which there is a huge gap in knowledge between practitioners and clients.
If you believe that long-term investment outperformance is a chimera then your investing should be done with institutions which do relatively easier things, like tracking an index cheaply, rather than more difficult ones requiring, well, gravitas.
Like certain great first-growth wines, more gravitas, or indeed investment skill, is bought than exists. (Editing by James Dalgleish) )
April 3 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd
* CALC (BVI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of company, and Airbus entered into aircraft purchase agreement
* CALC (BVI) agreed to purchase two Airbus aircraft from Airbus
* Aggregate list price for two Airbus aircraft is approximately US$216.8 million
* Consideration will be funded through commercial bank loans and group's working capital
* Is in active discussion with various airline customers for two Airbus aircraft, as at date , no formal lease agreement reached Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SAN DIEGO — The legalization of California's marijuana industry and start of Girl Scout cookie sales have created an opportune moment for at least one San Diego girl.
A photo posted on Instagram by Urbn Leaf, a San Diego marijuana dispensary, showed a Girl Scout with an armful of cookies in front of the store.
"Get some Girl Scout Cookies with your GSC today until 4 p.m.! Have a friend that wants to #tagalong? Bring them with - shopping is more fun with friends anyways," the company wrote. "GSC" refers to a marijuana product flavored like Girl Scout Cookies.
The scout's father said his daughter sold more than 300 boxes in about 6 hours.
Girl Scouts San Diego says booth sales do not start for another week, but that scouts are allowed to sell from wagons as long as they have a parent or guardian present.
"So if that's what they say they were doing ... then they were right within the rules," said the Scout's father said.
The controversial move of Girl Scout cookie sales at dispensaries has come with changing times around the country.
Girl Scouts of America Colorado was prompted to issue a statement in 2014 after a scout reportedly sold more than 100 boxes of cookies in two hours outside a San Francisco dispensary.
"If you are wondering, we don't allow our Girl Scouts to sell cookies in front of marijuana shops or liquor stores/bars," the organization's Colorado branch tweeted.
However, Kelly Parisi, chief communications officer from Girl Scouts of the USA, told the LA Times that each region makes "all decisions on how the cookie program is run. As always, our primary concern is the safety and well-being of the girls we serve."
Girl Scouts across the U.S. began selling cookies last month and will continue to until April.
* BOND STREET FILM, WHICH BELONGS TO SHORTCUT MEDIA GROUP, HAS RECEIVED AN ORDER FOR A PROMOTIONAL MOVIE FOR A GAME AT A VALUE OF ABOUT 220,000 SWEDISH CROWNS
* Salah put Liverpool ahead with 42nd-minute stunner
* Premier League's top scorer now on 13 goals
* Rooney equalised with a second-half penalty
* The goal was the Everton captain's first in a Merseyside derby
* Liverpool stayed fourth behind Chelsea, Everton 10th
* Liverpool host West Brom on Wednesday, Everton at Newcastle
LIVERPOOL 1 EVERTON 1
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Everton captain Wayne Rooney scored for the first time in a Merseyside derby on Sunday with a late penalty to take an unlikely point in a 1-1 draw against Liverpool at Anfield.
With the snow swirling, Rooney sent the 77th-minute spot kick straight down the middle after Dominic Calvert-Lewin went down following a push in the back by Croatian defender Dejan Lovren.
Mohamed Salah had earlier fired Liverpool ahead with a 42nd-minute stunner that sent the Egyptian clear of Tottenham Hotspur's England striker Harry Kane as the league's top marksman with 13 goals this season.
Liverpool stayed fourth with 30 points, 13 adrift of leaders Manchester City who were playing later at second-placed Manchester United. Chelsea is third on 32 with Sam Allardyce's Everton moving up to 10th. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Toby Davis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Columbia County, GA- A wreck on Washington Road has lanes blocked
An accident on Washington Road at the intersection of Flowing Wells has traffic in a snarl. According to Columbia County dispatch, the wreck has caused the closure of all northbound lanes on Washington Road. The southbound direction is down to one lane due to the re-routing of traffic around the accident. NewsChanel 6 has a crew on the scene and will update you on information as it becomes available. At this time, there injuries are unknown.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Samsung Electronic is seen at its headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, in this file photo taken on April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo
SEOUL After the damaging recall of its fire-prone Note 7 smartphone, you could be forgiven for thinking Samsung Electronics Co Ltd would make a song and dance about battery safety in its new flagship phones, due to be launched in the United States on Wednesday.
But in the run-up to the launch, crucial to the South Korean technology giant winning back consumer confidence, its marketing effort so far makes little mention of safety.
"If you talk about safety, it presupposes a rationale for why, unconsciously, and they know this; and they also know the media will pick up that narrative," said Los Angeles-based Eric Schiffer, a brand strategy expert and chairman of Reputation Management Consultants.
"Highlighting the safety issue at this point will cause the other narrative to be recycled, so they have elected to suppress and hope."
Samsung declined to comment ahead of the launch.
To be sure, Samsung announced a comprehensive safety plan after concluding in January that faulty batteries from two suppliers caused some Note 7s to catch fire.
It now has an eight-point safety check protocol that includes x-raying the batteries. And, at the design level, phones have more room to properly house the battery. Such steps have been reflected in the S8's development, the company says.
Executives have said there will be no repeat of the Note 7 debacle, and one person familiar with the matter told Reuters the S8 launch was pushed back to ensure it is safe to use.
"The additional measures Samsung has taken should certainly improve battery safety and durability," said Lewis Larsen, president of Chicago-based battery technology consultancy Lattice Energy LLC. "These are most definitely not just cosmetic steps 'for show.'"
The company has also this month put a long-time mobile executive in charge of a new product quality improvement office, and affiliate Samsung SDI Co Ltd has invested 150 billion won (£107.97 million)on improving battery safety.
"NEEDLE IN A HAYSTACK"
Samsung recalled the Note 7 last September to replace faulty Samsung SDI batteries, but replacement batteries from Amperex Technology Ltd also proved faulty due to different problems - an embarrassment for a company that prides itself on product quality, analysts say. The Note 7 was eventually pulled from the market in October.
The company said earlier this week it plans to sell refurbished versions of the Note 7 smartphones, equipped with new batteries that have gone through new safety measures.
Downplaying the battery safety issue may also be a sensible marketing option as the new quality measures can't guarantee there will be no future problems. Any failure rate would likely be very low at first.
Samsung said last year it confirmed just 140 faulty batteries in more than 3 million Note 7s it sold - fewer than five in every 100,000.
"How confident are they that they can actually find a faulty cell with these additional checks," said Venkat Viswanathan, assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon and a battery technology expert. "It's sort of finding a needle in a haystack."
And safety is still on the minds of potential buyers of the new phone.
In one poll asking people what features they were looking forward to most in the S8, one Twitter user quipped: "A non exploding phone."
And at last week's annual shareholder meeting, one young boy stood up and asked Samsung to double down on safety. "In future, even if it takes time, I hope there will be no incidents like the Galaxy Note 7 explosions," he said.
Some analysts expect the S8, expected to go on sale next month, to outsell the Galaxy S7, which was Samsung's best seller in its first year from launch.
Others, though, say consumers may prefer to wait a few months before buying, just to be sure the new phones are safe.
(This version of the story was refiled to correct "it's" to "its" in second paragraph)
(Reporting by Se Young Lee, with additional reporting by Joyce Lee and Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL and Jeremy Wagstaff in SINGAPORE; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
LONDON Centre-back Dejan Lovren has signed a new long-term deal at Liverpool, the Premier League club announced on Friday.
The 27-year-old, who has made 104 appearances since joining from Southampton in July 2014, signed a deal which British media said would run until 2021.
"I think this is one special day for me and my family," said the Croatia defender, whose existing contract was due to run out at the end of then 2018-19 season.
"I think I am the happiest guy (in the world) today, it's another dream come true. It was always my dream to stay as long as possible at one club that I love – and that is Liverpool."
Lovren, who was signed by previous manager Brendan Rodgers, has struggled with injury and inconsistent form, particularly in his first season.
The club is expected to sign a new centre back in the summer and have been linked with a bid for Southampton's Virgil van Dijk and Burnley's Michael Keane.
But the new deal suggests that manager Juergen Klopp wants to keep Lovren as part of his centre-back options with Joel Matip, Ragnar Klavan and Joe Gomez.
"After all that happened in the beginning, in the last two seasons I think I've done better than in the first season," said Lovren.
"The club has rewarded me, they believed in me and also the fans, and this is what I respect a lot after everything that happened.
"I am glad I will be a part of this team and this plan for the future. We are a really talented team with many special players, an amazing manager, the club is fantastic (and) the supporters are always behind us even on the bad days, which is the most important thing. I am definitely excited about the future."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
(Rewrites with FX reserves, traders comment, background)
By Chijioke Ohuocha and Oludare Mayowa
LAGOS, March 31 Nigeria's forex reserves fell to a two-week low and the naira eased on the black market on Friday after the central bank pledged to step up dollar sales but also said it would announce a new currency rate for retail exchange bureaus next week.
The central bank on Tuesday set a rate of 362 naira for exchange bureaus to sell the U.S. currency to consumers, an 11 percent rise in the local currency from the last setting in January.
The bank, which opposes a free naira float, has been selling the U.S. currency on the official market to try to narrow the spread with the black market rate, which was quoted at a record low of 520 per dollar a month ago.
On Friday the black market naira, which has firmed 17 percent since last month due to central bank dollar sales on the official market aimed at narrowing the spread, eased 1.8 percent to 390 naira, Thomson Reuters data showed.
The naira held its level at 306.35 to the dollar after the central bank sold $1.5 million on the spot market.
The central bank said late on Thursday it would increase the amount it offers to exchange bureaus to $10,000 per member from $8,000 but would announce a new rate on April 3.
Traders say the new rate announcement had created uncertainty and caused the naira to trade weaker on the black market.
But dollar buffers have started to decline. Traders estimate that the bank has sold more than $1 billion in currency forwards since last month to boost liquidity.
Nigeria's dollar reserves, which have risen 16.1 percent since the start of the year, stood at $30.29 billion by March 29, but are still far off their peak of $64 billion, hit in August 2008, central bank data showed.
The International Monetary Fund on Thursday urged Nigeria to lift its remaining foreign exchange restrictions and scrap its system of multiple exchange rates in order to revive its economy, which is in its first recession in 25 years. (Editing by Gareth Jones)
British bank Shawbrook Group Plc (SHAW.L) rejected an 842 million pounds ($1.05 billion) buyout bid from a consortium of private equity firms, but its shares climbed on Friday on hopes of a higher offer.
The bank had already spurned the 330 pence a share approach from Marlin Bidco, co-owned by buyout funds Pollen Street Capital and BC Partners, earlier in March.
However, analysts saw Friday's formal bid as a means of leaving the door open for a higher offer, pushing shares up 11 percent to 338p, above the offer price and the highest in more than a year.
"It is our opinion that Marlin Bidco launched an offer for Shawbrook in order to buy time, as it faced a 5pm deadline to make an offer or walk away for at least six months," RBC Capital Markets analyst Peter Lenardos said, referencing UK Takeover Code's "put up or shut up" rules.
"We believe that a marginally higher offer is likely, as both parties have nothing to gain and much to lose by the failure to come to a successful agreement."
In January, the consortium made an offer of 307 pence per share, which it increased to 330 pence in March.
Pollen Street currently owns 38.8 percent of Shawbrook and the joint private equity groups said they have received letters of intent from other shareholders representing 6 percent.
In its statement, Shawbrook also noted the change in the deal structure to a takeover offer that is subject to the consortium receiving more than 50 percent of acceptances, from a scheme of arrangement.
Under the revised deal structure the company would be delisted if 75 percent of its shareholders accept the offer, with those who do not accept the offer remaining holders of shares in an unlisted company.
Shares in the company were floated at a price of 290 pence two years ago.
Britain's smaller challenger banks have been increasingly seen as ripe for takeovers in recent months as a prolonged period of low interest rates has squeezed earnings and the pound's fall has made them cheaper for foreign buyers.
Morgan Stanley is acting as financial advisor for the bidding party. The bank's board is being advised by Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs.
(Reporting By Justin George Varghese and Rahul B from Bengaluru; Editing by Dasha Afanasieva and Keith Weir)
Password Recovery for FileZilla helps to recover lost and misplaced password of any account from FileZilla FTP clients and servers
End
-- Password Recovery for FileZilla is used to displays lost password from FileZilla software easily. FileZilla is a FTP client application that is useful for transferring files including documents, videos and other import files. FileZilla application provides facility to store password in database for all FTP session. Password recovery software for FileZilla is useful for personal and business usage for retrieving lost or forgotten password from FileZilla. It enables users to save recovered password at user specified location for future usage.FileZilla Software is compatible with different type of windows operating system version like Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 and many more. Software provides highly interactive GUI interface, which is easily understood by any user and does not require any extra technical knowledge and expert guidance. Password Recovery for FileZilla program provides facility to recover forgotten website login details configured on FileZilla client to retrieve multiple websites authentication password regardless of its complexity and length. Software provides the best way for showing hidden asterisk password by dragging lens over the password box and view password in the password text field of password recovery software.1. Password Recovery Software for FileZilla is compatible with all major windows operating system like Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows XP, Windows Vista and other latest operating systems.2. Software is useful to recover forgotten passwords even with special character.3. Restore lost password from FileZilla Software.4. Software facilitates users to save recovered password text in text file for future reference.5. Software is easy to user and does not require any extra effort to operate it.
China asks banks to suspend dealings with Anbang -Bloomberg
BEIJING, June 15 Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairman had stepped aside, amid reports he had been detained.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 Volkswagen AG's Porsche AG
* Says has bought 35 percent stake in Porsche Design Group from a holding of Porsche family
* Says now owns 100 percent of Porsche Design Group
* Says strategy of Porsche Design Group to remain untouched by transaction Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Clifton Bancorp Inc to pay $0.25 special dividend
* Clifton Bancorp Inc - declared a special cash dividend of $0.25 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about July 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
* Euro slumps after Reuters report on ECB signal intentions
* Sterling steadies after British PM formally files for Brexit
* London shares seen opening lower, others in Europe rising
* Crude oil futures modestly extend overnight gains
By Lisa Twaronite
TOKYO, March 30 Asian shares turned lower on Thursday after touching near two-year highs, while the dollar benefited from waning expectations that the European Central Bank was poised to end its easy policy.
Financial spreadbetters expected some of the gloom to extend to European trading, with spreadbetters predicting Britain's FTSE 100 would open lower. France's CAC 40 and Germany's DAX were likely to open higher, with the DAX continuing to close in on record highs seen in 2015.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.2 percent, stepping back from morning trade when it nudged close its loftiest levels since June 2015.
Australian shares firmed 0.4 percent, helped by an overnight gain in oil prices. Strong energy shares had helped the U.S. S&P 500 end higher overnight.
China stocks were headed for a fourth day of losses amid worries over property market prospects, sharp declines in newly-listed stocks, and liquidity stress as the month-end approached. The CSI300 index was down 1.0 percent, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 1.2 percent.
The Federal Reserve's monetary outlook and policymaking under U.S. President Donald Trump have held sway in financial markets over the past few months. While investors have more or less come to terms with rising rates in the United States, concerns remain around the Trump administration's ability to get U.S. growth into a higher gear.
Last week's failure of Trump's U.S. healthcare reform bill reinforced those doubts.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six major rivals, was slightly up on the day at 100.030. It was lifted to a one-week high overnight as the euro slipped on concerns about the impact of Brexit as well as news that ECB policymakers are keen to reassure investors that their easy-money policy is far from ending.
The euro was down 0.1 percent at $1.0756, after Reuters reported ECB policymakers were wary of changing their policy message following tweaks this month that upset investors and raised the spectre of a surge in borrowing costs. Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's exit from the European Union on Wednesday, launching a two-year negotiation process before the divorce comes into effect in late March 2019.
Sterling steadied at $1.2438 after skidding to a one-week low of $1.2377 overnight.
"Brexit, to some extent, has been covered in the market already. People went short, covered, and went short again," said Kaneo Ogino, director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo.
"As for the dollar, demand is still steady from pure commercial orders, but the Japanese fiscal year ends this week and Tokyo investors don't want to take new positions," Ogino said.
Against the yen, the dollar added 0.1 percent to 111.17 , well above this week's low of 110.110, its lowest since Nov. 18, following Trump's healthcare reform blow.
Despite the dollar's gains on the day, it was far lower than levels above 115 yen hit a few weeks ago, and Japan's Nikkei stock index shed 0.8 percent.
"Investors have bought Japanese stocks mainly because of the strong dollar-yen trend. Trump's healthcare defeat threw a wet blanket on the Japan market's rally since last November," said Takuya Takahashi, a strategist at Daiwa Securities.
Japanese stocks soared more than 10 percent since Trump's election on hopes his administration would boost U.S. economic growth to 3 percent or even higher.
The healthcare setback raised fears that Trump might face challenges in getting his promised stimulus and tax reform policies passed as well, which pressured the greenback and U.S. Treasury yields.
But underpinning the dollar, Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans, a voter on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee, said on Wednesday he supports further interest rate hikes this year given progress on the Fed's goals of full employment and stable inflation.
Comments from Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren and San Francisco Fed President John Williams also backed multiple rate hikes, though those officials are non-FOMC voters.
"There's a huge political fog around the world, in Asia, in the U.S., but underneath it, there's actually quite a decent economic recovery. And that's what's driving markets more than the worries about politics," said Sean Taylor, Asia Pacific chief investment officer at Deutsche Asset Management.
"The U.S. is continuing to do well. Europe isn't doing as badly as it was and because of the commodity pickup last year, emerging markets are doing okay," he said.
U.S. crude futures added 0.3 percent to $49.67 a barrel in Asian trading, while Brent crude futures rose 0.2 percent to $52.50.
Oil prices had surged more than 2 percent on Wednesday as U.S. crude inventories grew less than expected, supply disruptions continued in Libya and the OPEC-led output cut looked likely to be extended. (Additional reporting by Nicole Saminather in Singapore and Ayai Tomisawa in Tokyo.; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Richard Borsuk)
April 28 Triplan AG:
* FY revenue amounted to 44.1 million euros ($48.10 million), at the level of the previous year
* FY net result decreased from 229,000 euros to -367,000 euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9168 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
CHICAGO, April 6 The Illinois House passed $817 million in spending on Thursday to provide "life-line" funding to higher education and social service and health programs that have been starved for cash due to the state's budget impasse.
The measure passed in a 64-45 vote over Republican Governor Bruce Rauner's opposition to another stopgap spending measure. A six-month temporary budget for the fiscal year that ends June 30 expired on Dec. 31.
Illinois is limping towards the end of a second-straight fiscal year without a complete budget due to a stalemate between Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature. The country's fifth-largest state has been operating on continuing appropriations and court-ordered spending, while its pile of unpaid bills reached nearly $13 billion on Wednesday.
The bill would tap money from the state's commitment to human services and education assistance funds to direct $258 million to pay for dozens of programs, including senior meals and crime prevention, and indigent burials. Another $559 million would go to state universities, community colleges, and educational grants for low-income students.
The bill's sponsor, Democratic State Representative Greg Harris, said the so-called life-line measure would allow social service organizations and state universities "to continue to exist."
He cited a United Way survey released on Wednesday that showed 69 percent of social service agencies had received no payments or partial payments from the state so far in fiscal 2017, forcing 49 percent of the agencies to reduce services.
He said universities had resorted to program cuts and layoffs.
Republican lawmakers contended that passage of a stopgap measure would take the pressure off the legislature to finally pass a full budget.
"The reality is we don't do things around here without pressure," said Republican State Representative Steven Andersson.
The measure will now head to the Senate, which is on break until April 25. A spokesman for Democratic Senate President John Cullerton said the bill would be reviewed.
Earlier on Thursday, Rauner voiced opposition to another stopgap budget.
“We've been doing that for decades, and it's created the crisis and mess we're in," he told reporters in Decatur. "That's a failure to do stopgaps. Let's do a balanced budget so the problem is fixed."
After a bipartisan bill package aimed at ending the impasse stalled in the Senate last month, credit rating agencies warned that Illinois' credit ratings, the lowest among the 50 states, could sink even lower. (Reporting By Karen Pierog and Dave McKinney)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
April 27 (Reuters) -
* Moody's: Russia and Turkey face common growth challenges, despite differing exposure to commodity cycle
* Moody's: credit ratings for Russia and Turkey reflect a deterioration in previously supportive credit fundamentals, including their growth potential
* Moody's: expect real GDP growth of about 3% in Turkey over next four years, twice that of Russia's 1.5%, underpinned by Turkey's more favourable demographics
* Moody's: public debt in both Russia and Turkey is set to rise over the next two years, although the increases will be modest as a share of GDP
* Moody's on Russia and Turkey- expects both countries' debt ratios to increase gradually in the next two years
End
-- New Horizons has become the first commercial entity to partner with the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) to offer the courses and training to help you get your certifications. The courses that are offered will provide the foundations to earn two distinguished certifications:SHRM Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) and the SHRM Senior Certified Professional (SHRM-SCP).SHRM's global credentials, SHRM-CP and SHRM-SCP, offer growth, advancement and recognition. The content of the new SHRM offerings are based on extensive global research involving employers, academics, and practice HR professionals at all levels. The courses will provide the critical knowledge necessary to help reduce costs, avoid potential lawsuits, as well as improve your ability to handle challenging HR issues. By investing in a SHRM certification, you bring sustainable value to your career and organization.The courses are designed to provide practical and theoretical knowledge, designed with business owners, managers and HR professionals in mind. The SHRM credentials produce more versatile generation of leaders within the HR community, as well as ensure they maintain an industry-leading level of excellence and relevance in the ever-evolving field of Human Resources.Register for the inaugural SHRM class by reaching out to your account representative or contacting New Horizons Learning Group at 888.825.6684New Horizons ( http://nhlearninggroup.com/ ) helps businesses advance by upgrading people. New Horizons IT training solutions have kept businesses—from startups to global enterprises—ahead of the technology curve for over 35 years. With 300 learning centers in 70 countries around the world, New Horizons provides measurable return on any company's training investment while our learning methods meet the styles, demands and schedules of management and employees.New Horizons combines the resources of the world's largest IT training company with the responsiveness of a local partner. New Horizons is certified as a Microsoft Partner with a Gold Learning competency, Cisco Partner for Learning Solutions, CompTIA Authorized Partner, IBM Authorized Training Provider and VMware Authorized Training Center.
JOHANNESBURG, April 23 South Africa's public enterprises minister has blocked power utility Eskom from giving its former chief executive a 30 million rand ($2.3 million) pension payout, the government said on Sunday.
Brian Molefe, who is largely credited with stabilising electricity supply following months of rolling blackouts, resigned last year after he was implicated in a report by the anti-graft watchdog on alleged influence-peddling.
Molefe has denied any wrongdoing.
"I have considered the Eskom board's reasoning in formulating the proposed pension payout and cannot support it," public enterprises minister Lynne Brown said in a statement.
Brown said the payout could not be seen as a performance reward, as Molefe had already received a bonus for his role in turning Eskom around.
"Nor is the proposed pension payout justifiable in light of the current financial challenges faced not only by state-owned companies, but by the country as a whole," she said.
Credit ratings agencies S&P Global and Fitch downgraded South Africa to sub-investment grade this month after President Jacob Zuma removed respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan.
Eskom's credit rating was downgraded afterwards, a blow to the utility as it is yet to complete work on two coal-fired power stations, years behind schedule and over budget, and as it plans to build nuclear reactors.
Brown ordered Eskom's board to meet with Molefe and present her with an "appropriate pension proposal" within seven days.
Molefe, now a member of parliament for the ruling African National Congress, took the reins at Eskom in 2015 as Africa's most industrialised economy endured daily power cuts, but soon implemented new maintenance policies to get more out of the nation's fleet of ageing coal-fired power stations. ($1 = 13.1238 rand) (Reporting by TJ Strydom; Editing by Dale Hudson)
(Updates advisory to say no substitute story will now be published)
LONDON/WASHINGTON May 3 The story headlined "London terrorism suspect was on Gaza flotilla ship in 2010 - sources", published on April 28 is withdrawn and no substitute story will now be published.
The story has been withdrawn because Reuters was unable to confirm that Khalid Omar Ali was aboard the Mavi Marmara in May 2010 which the Mavi Marmara organizers expressly deny. There will be no substitute story. STORY_NUMBER: L8N1I07PP STORY_DATE: 28/04/2017 STORY_TIME: 1704 GMT
Dec 10 (Reuters) - O Luxe Holdings Ltd:
* ‍EXPECTED TO RECORD A CONSOLIDATED NET LOSS FOR YEAR ENDED 30 SEPT 2017 , MATERIALLY LARGER THAN CONSOLIDATED NET LOSS PREVIOUS YEAR​
* ‍EXPECTED LOSS MAINLY ATTRIBUTABLE TO DECREASE IN FAIR VALUE OF GOODWILL OF A UNIT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Ceo
* Entrepreneur
* Business Industry:
* Business Location:
* Houston - Texas - US Subject:
* Sponsorships
End
-- SMALL BUSINESS EXPO (http://www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com), has announced their Houston 2017 sponsors for their upcoming conference and trade show at the Hyatt Regency Houston on Thursday, October 19th.Houston small business owners can look forward to a full pack day of networking and gaining valuable resources to uplift their business with the help of our sponsors. Small Business Expo sponsors work hard to make each show a success. This year's Houston 2017 sponsors include-Titanium Sponsor: Powerteam International will be joined by Platinum Sponsors: EmergeAnywhere and Google; Gold Sponsors: Cogeco Peer 1, DiversityComm Publication and Wells Fargo; Silver Sponsors: Allstate, Bank of America, BizTV/BizTalkradio, DELL, thryv wcj and Verizon.Small Business Expo (https://www.thesmallbusinessexpo.com/event-view/houston/)expects to have more than 3,000+ registered attendees ranging from C-Level Executives, small business owners, entrepreneurs and startup companies.HOUSTON SMALL BUSINESS EXPO will take place at the Hyatt Regency Houston| Marketplace Exhibit – 1200 Louisiana Street Houston, TX 77002 from 9:00am until 5:00pm.For media inquiries, or complimentary press passes please contact: Susan Baah, 212-651-0679, Susan@theshowproducers.com About Small Business ExpoSmall Business Expo® is the nation's largest small business networking and learning event in the country. From 2015-2017 it was ranked as an Inc. 5000 company as the fastest-growing privately held business. Every year, over 100,000 small business professionals and entrepreneurs across the country attend Small Business Expo to take their business to the next level. The show's owner, Film, Stage & ShowBiz Expo LLC. was founded in 2008 by Zachary Lezberg.
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Boeing proposed to the Brazilian government on Thursday night a deal excluding Embraer's defence business from a new vehicle for a partnership between the two planemakers, a Brazilian government source with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Friday.
Another Brazilian government source earlier told Reuters that the latest proposal for a tie-up between Boeing (BA.N) and Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA) would include the creation of a third company.
West Yorkshire, Humberside and North Yorkshire Police have all seen a rise in reported hate crimes following the EU referendum.
1,013 cases were reported to West Yorkshire Police in the three months following the country's vote to Leave the EU in June.
That's the 3rd highest amount in the country and an increase of 46% compared to the three months before.
North Yorkshire Police dealt with 64 cases of hate crime in the same time period, up 68%.
Humberside Police recieved 140 reports, an increase of 57%.
They are the highest figures of hate crime ever reported by those forces.
33 out of 44 forces in England and Wales recorded the highest quarterly number of hate crimes since comparable records began in April 2012.
Only four forces reported a decrease on the previous three months before the referendum - including South Yorkshire Police. They had a drop of 1%.
Mike Ainsworth's from Stop Hate UK - a charity based in Leeds.
He says they had 60% more calls to their helpline in the months after the Brexit vote:
LONDON (Reuters) - Sterling extended losses on Friday and fell to the day's lows after a U.S. report showing wages rose at their fastest clip since 2009 hit the currency which was already struggling thanks to weak data from Britain's construction sector.
U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years, bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher this year as the labour market hits full employment.
“Sterling is feeling the heat from the dollar move across the board but markets are cautious about betting excessively against the pound before next week where the BOE may surprise markets,” said Lee Hardman, an FX strategist at MUFG in London.
Sterling slipped to the day's low of $1.4137 after the data, down around 0.75 percent on the day. It was also 0.4 percent weaker against the euro, at 87.975 pence.
For the week, sterling was still up 1.5 percent against the dollar. Analysts say the currency is being supported by a repricing of Bank of England interest rate hike expectations - several banks are now calling for a rise to come in May, and for another to come later in the year.
That follows testimony on Tuesday from BoE Governor Mark Carney, who sounded a more upbeat tone than previously, saying wage growth was finally picking up and that the focus of the BoE is shifting back to tackling above-target inflation.
“There does seem to be a will in the Bank of England to reduce policy accommodation. If it weren't for the Brexit-related risks, I would be very confident that they will (hike) twice this year,” Rabobank currency strategist Jane Foley said.
Britain's construction sector came close to contracting for the first time since September last month as uncertainty linked to Brexit caused new orders to dry up, data showed.
Sterling has also been helped in recent weeks by a lack of major bad news around Brexit, analysts say. Markets largely brushed aside talk of a leadership challenge to British Prime Minister Theresa May, as well as a House of Lords report that said her Brexit legislation plans contained “fundamental flaws”.
Data last week showed speculators added to their bets on the pound strengthening further in the most recent week, with net-long positions at their highest since mid-2014.
“While the front-end BoE rates market has sold off plenty and sterling has moved significantly higher (against the dollar), we think both moves have further to go,” Nomura currency strategist Jordan Rochester wrote in a note to clients late on Thursday.
The BoE's Monetary Policy Committee is seen as almost certain to keep rates at 0.50 percent when it meets next week, however.
March 30 Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd
* Says approval for raising of equity capital by bank up to 6.2 crore equity shares of INR 5 each
* Says purpose of raising equity is to pursue consolidation opportunities in indian banking,financial services space
* Says purpose of raising equity is for growth of units
* Purpose of raising equity is to give thrust to additional avenues of organic growth like opportunities in domestic, international lending
* Raising capital to augment capital base for capitalizing on opportunites in acquisition,resolution of stresses assets in banking sector Source text - (bit.ly/2odzckl) Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, March 30 A JPMorgan economist said on Thursday he expected the U.S. Federal Reserve to start paring the size of its $4.5 trillion balance sheet in early 2018 with a focus on ending its reinvestment in mortgage-backed securities.
"In our baseline projection, the Fed slowly phases out MBS reinvestments beginning in the spring of next year, never halts reinvestments of Treasuries, never sells MBS, and reaches its new optimal size of the balance sheet in early 2024, with excess reserves in the banking system of $500 billion," JPMorgan economist Michael Feroli wrote in a research note. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Tackett Farms PR
Contact
4176 North Cooper Lake Place
Smyrna, GA 30082
678-388-0777
***@odwyerhomes.com 4176 North Cooper Lake PlaceSmyrna, GA 30082678-388-0777
End
-- With housing inventory in the Metro Atlanta area hitting a 30-year low according to the National Association of Realtors, O'Dwyer Homes' Tackett Farms in Smyrna has only 4 move-in ready homes and 12 home-sites remaining. This Enclave of 35 Craftsman and Traditional homes, located in one of Atlanta's "Best Suburbs" by Niche.com in 2017 and just minutes from Downtown Atlanta, makes owning a quality crafted home with a convenient address attainable. With welcoming streetscapes and rolling home sites giving way to an open-air pavilion with fireplace and great playground, Tackett Farms has 10 elegantly appointed home plans to choose from, offering four and five bedrooms, open concept kitchen and living areas, upgraded molding, granite countertops and double ovens and starting in the $400s.As an Energy Star homebuilder, O'Dwyer Homes makes luxury living affordable and is dedicated to cost savings. Homeowners will experience the peace of mind that comes from tried and true best building practices. More consistent temperatures across every room, reduced indoor allergy inducing pollutants and cost savings up to 30% on utility bills are just some of the many benefits a homeowner can enjoy while owning an O'Dwyer Home.Tour the decorated model at 504 Tackett Farm Road in Smyrna or call 678-388-0777 and make sure to take advantage of the 16 opportunities left to buy your dream home in a dream location!
Subscribe to FT.com
Register to read: Global reflation continues into 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Greggs in Corby town centre has moved – but not far!
The leading food-on-the-go-retailer has relocated from 30 to 34 Corporation Street.
A store spokesman said: “The new shop layout is designed to meet the demands of busy food-on-the-go shoppers and offer customers a contemporary food-on-the-go experience.
“Seating and free Wi-Fi is also available for customers who wish to relax and enjoy their purchases inside the shop.
“The same friendly shop team from 30 Corporation Street will still be welcoming customers at the relocated shop.
“The shop will offer savouries and sandwiches, freshly prepared throughout the day, as well as a range of confectionery products.”
Shop manager Julie Smart said: “I'm very proud to be managing this new-look shop in its new improved location.
“The shop team are looking forward to hearing what the local community think of the new shop.”
Retail director for Greggs Roisin Currie said: “We're delighted to be able to invest in Corby and provide our valued customers with a modern and comfortable relocated shop.
“This underlines our long-term commitment to the area and I'm sure it will be enjoyed by existing and new customers alike.”
Shop opening times are 7am to 5.30pm Monday to Saturday and 9am to 3.30pm on Sundays.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
ABC News(ALEXANDRIA, Va.) — At least 20 Republican members of Congress were in attendance at Wednesday morning's baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, when a gunman began firing, injuring House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., and at least four other people.
The GOP lawmakers that make up a 34-member team had been practicing for Thursday's annual charity congressional baseball game.
Zach Barth, a staffer of Rep. Roger Williams, was also injured. Barth is “receiving medical attention, but is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery,” according to Williams.
Also among the injured is Matt Mika, the director of government relations for Tyson Foods' Washington, D.C., office.
“He has been taken to a local hospital and we're awaiting word on his condition. Matt has worked for Tyson Foods for more than six years and we're deeply concerned about him and his family,” a spokesperson for Tyson Foods said in a statement.
Rep. Brad Wenstrup of Ohio treated Scalise immediately after he was shot. Wenstrup has a medical degree and served in Iraq as a combat surgeon.
“I felt I was back in Iraq, but without my weapon,” Wenstrup told Fox News.
Here is the full list of attendees at the routine early-morning baseball practice that turned into a terrifying, chaotic scene:
Present during the shooting
House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise
Capitol Police officer
Capitol Police officer
Rep. Roger Williams
Williams staffer Zach Barth
Rep. Joe Barton
Barton's chief of staff Ryan Thomas
Barton's two sons, Jack and Brad
Rep. Steve Pearce
Rep. Mo Brooks
Sen. Rand Paul
Rep. Brad Wenstrup
Rep. Ron DeSantis
Sen. Jeff Flake
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann
Rep. Barry Loudermilk
Rep. Jeff Duncan
Rep. Trent Kelly
Rep. John Moolenaar
Rep. Gary Palmer
Rep. Mike Bishop
Rep. Jack Bergman
Rep. Mike Conaway
Rep. Rodney Davis
Matt Mika
Practiced, but left before the shooting
Rep. Tom Rooney
Rep. Mark Walker
Rep. Bill Johnson
Not present at the time of the shooting
Rep. Matt Gaetz
Rep. Roger Marshall
Rep. Kevin Yoder
Rep. Dennis Ross
Rep. Ryan Costello
Rep. Pat Meehan
Rep. Doug LaMalfa
Rep. Darren LaHood
Rep. Steven Palazzo
Rep. Kevin Brady
Rep. Erik Paulsen
Rep. John Shimkus
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TT International Ltd:
* ENTERED TERM SHEET WITH A POTENTIAL INVESTOR FOR INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF UP TO S$125 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6 Sagami Co Ltd
* Says it will change its fiscal year end date to the last day of February each year from Feb. 20 each year
* Says its 44th fiscal year will be from Feb. 21 to Feb. 28, 2018
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/XQ8wfh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
ZURICH LafargeHolcim (LHN.S) Chairman Beat Hess hopes to have a new chief executive in place at the world's largest cement maker by the end of the year, with the successful applicant not necessarily having to come from the building industry.
"We would like to have someone with a long track record and someone with strong performance over an extended period of time, and experience in a global company," Hess told reporters after the company's annual general meeting on Wednesday. "We are open to any industry. I would hope at the latest by the end of year to have someone on board."
He said his preference would be for a candidate who wanted to continue the strategy set out by Eric Olsen, who is leaving the Franco-Swiss company after it admitted paying armed groups in Syria.
"I would want to make sure that strategic roadmap is followed and the new person would adopt and embrace the strategic roadmap as defined by Eric. Before new targets are set I would need a lot of convincing new targets are needed."
(Reporting by John Revill; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
It was bound to happen. The UK's plight has been distilled by an East End soap actor. “Arise, the king of Brexit reason,” read one worshipful headline. Danny Dyer, aka “the byword for low-budget, no-quality Brit-trash cinema” (the Guardian), is either the nadir or the summit of the Brexit fiasco. Lest you missed it, he called David Cameron a twat – twice, for double the hilarity – for sitting in Nice “with his trotters up”, while everyone else was left to puzzle out Brexit, “this mad riddle”.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, Pamela Anderson and other TV panellists looked on thoughtfully as Dyer spoke, as if presented with a newly discovered theorem of Euclidean geometry. Oh, how everyone clapped and laughed to see such profundities fall from the mouth of a geezer who gets paid for acting like a tough guy on television and in real life, like the time he was an agony uncle on a lads' magazine and recommended a heartbroken boyfriend to “cut your ex's face, then no one will want her”.
Ah, relax there, that was eight years ago. And did you know he voted Leave? Better yet, he voted Leave because he was “f***ing sick of politicians doing f*** all” and wanted to “make these politicians f***ing do something”, as he told the Daily Telegraph in 2016. A manly Leaver then.
If there are violent morons out there, steeped in the politics of hatred, what are the chances of them using the Border as a target?
In other words the king of Brexit reason, this veritable Professor of Leave, casually used a life-changing proposition as a protest vote, a proposition about which he knew as much as a particularly dense f***ing twat (which the Urban Dictionary defines as “a less offensive version of ‘c**t' ”).
But hey, he's a gobby geezer who drops the f-word plentifully, like um, nearly everyone everywhere these days, and calls a loathed former prime minister names on live TV. Fearless genius, right? To which the Tory establishment goes “hoorah!” in a homage to freedom of expression in spite of the rudeness and because they say infinitely worse things about each other all the time. The bar has vanished. Bottom line? If the gobby geezers stay focused on Cameron and his trotters, the appendages of all current offenders are safe for now.
No mad riddle
Still, it's the patronising edge of the coverage that grates. The politics of Brexit are not such a “mad riddle”, someone might have said, once you move beyond the Sun as a learning resource (which around the same time was editorialising about the Taoiseach as “the snivelling suck-up egging on the playground bullies”).
"Imagine if Danny Dyer extended his reading a little to ingest some nuggets on the Russian election fiddlers; or on Leave hero Nigel Farage (above), whose apparent concession speech on referendum night allowed a tiny window for hedge funds in possession of the results of private exit polls to rake in hundreds of millions betting on currency movements." File photograph: Daniel Leal-Olivas/AFP/Getty Images
Let's imagine for an enchanted moment that Dyer – who said he actually wanted to talk about Brexit on the show – had informed himself first. Imagine if he had noticed that last week's big internal Tory bust-up was triggered by dead-eyed silverbacks arguing over whether big business had the right to speak out about potential job losses from a hard Brexit. Or to put it another way: do geezers such as Dyer have a right to be told plainly by their politicians and media that hundreds of thousands of jobs are on the line ?
At another level, might lads to whom cutting up women's faces is a reasonable response to rejection have a special insight into the mentality that might fancy cutting/shooting up targets on a reinstated border with a heinously violent, divisive history? Or to put it another way: if there are violent morons out there, steeped in the politics of hatred, what are the chances of them using the Border as a target?
At a different level, imagine if Dyer had looked fearlessly at Corbyn and asked him why for f***'s sake a party that should be 20 points ahead of a monstrously dysfunctional, chaotic government is actually lagging behind it. That wouldn't have required a lot of advance preparation other than some genuine courage.
These are the comfortable elites whom the Sun, the Murdoch-owned British tabloid, and various other organs of the people, are supposed to afflict
Imagine if he extended his reading a little to ingest some nuggets on the Russian election fiddlers; or on Leave hero Nigel Farage, whose apparent concession speech on referendum night allowed a tiny window for hedge funds in possession of the results of private exit polls to rake in hundreds of millions betting on currency movements; or how Farage's main Leave funder, Arron Banks, is now revealed to have been the lucky beneficiary of at least three investment offers in Russian-owned gold or diamond mines.
Hideously simple
If Dyer were encouraged to inform himself of the hideously simple, overwhelming economic evidence against Brexit, might he pause to wonder why certain wealthy business figures continue to back it? Or why Jacob Rees-Mogg transferred his commercial investment funds to Dublin? Or why Nigel Lawson and many like him (such as Farage's children, with their German passports) have carefully secured their EU residency permits so their pleasantly mobile lifestyles will continue unimpeded? These are the comfortable elites whom the Sun, the Murdoch-owned British tabloid, and various other organs of the people, are supposed to afflict. Yet they do the opposite, for reasons Danny Dyer would undoubtedly find curious if he were encouraged to start looking.
Former UK prime minister David Cameron: Danny Dyer "called Cameron a twat – twice, for double the hilarity – for sitting in Nice 'with his trotters up', while everyone else was left to puzzle out Brexit, 'this mad riddle'." File photograph: Stefan Wermuth/Reuters
Instead, he is hailed as the sage of straight talk, the prince of Brexit reason, for blaming the clown who called the referendum. In the meantime he poses as much threat to the ravenously ambitious pretenders to 10 Downing Street as to Cameron's little tanned trotters – which probably explains the sudden coronation.
Dear Britain, please let this be the nadir.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Ink is a liquid or paste which contains dyes or pigments and is used in the application to colour the surface or to text on the paper, cloth, wall, etc. Ove the years, there are tremendous changes in the advancement of the inks technology and several innovative methods are used to produce it on the respective surface. There are different types of ink are used to colour the surface, textile printing ink is one of such ink used globally.
Textile printing ink is defined as, it is the process of the transferring of the ink on the textile substrate by using different printing techniques and machines. On the basis of application, textile printing ink is cost effective than others inks. There are several properties which make textile printing ink more popular such as, flexibility, effectiveness, and environmental benefits. The textile printing ink used in both the printing such as, manual and automatic. Textile print ink gain attention due to its application over the other ink such as, it is fast curing, provides significant elongation on elastic fabrics, excellent durability, and compatible by price as compared to other printing inks. On the basis of toxicity the textile printing ink is totally free from solvent and completely environment friendly.
Request Report Sample@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6162
Market Dynamics: Textile Printing Ink
Increasing growth in the urbanization, growing demand for corporate branding and increasing trend towards the branded apparels are the factors which expected to create lucrative demand for the textile printing inks over the forecast period. On the basis of the type, reactive ink segment has expected to witness for the major demand due to increase in printing applications. Textile printing ink market is driven by end application from the consumer specific formulation such as, for commercial printing, publication and many more.
Furthermore, the growth for textile printing ink is projected to grow significantly owing to its excellent print life coupled with colour stability. Based on application, the display segment has witnessed significant growth in 2017 and is expected to continue throughout the forecast period due to growth in special effects applications. However, on the basis of application, clothing segments is expected to create lucrative growth opportunities for textile printing inks market
Market Segmentation: Textile Printing Ink
Textile printing ink is segmented on the basis of printing method, product type, classification, and application
On the basis of printing methods, the textile printing ink is segmented as
Direct Printing
Discharge Printing
Resist Printing
On the basis of product type, the textile printing ink market is segmented as
Water Based
Plastisol
On the basis of classification, the textile printing ink is segmented into,
Pigment
Sublimation
Acid
Direct Disperse
Reactive
Others
On the basis of application, the textile printing ink is segmented into
Technical Textiles
Household
Clothing/Garments
Display and Others
Visit For TOC@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6162
Regional Outlook: Textile Printing Ink Market
On the basis of regional outlook, APAC followed by Western Europe are projected to gain maximum growth for textile printing ink market in between the forecast period. There are several factors which is expected to thrive the demand in APAC market such as, double digit growth in technical textile industry is key driver for the regional growth. In addition to this, penetration of key market participants to increase production capacity in the regional market such as in countries like, China, India are expected to boost the demand in near future. Growing financial prudence of ASEAN countries such as Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand Malaysia, Indonesia is expected to hold major events related to the market. This is anticipated to expand growth in APAC for textile printing ink market.
Some of the key players of the textile printing ink market are the
I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY
KORNIT DIGITAL LTD
BASF SE
DOVER CORPORATION
DYSTAR GROUP
HUNTSMAN CORPORATION
ZHEJIANG LANYU DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.
SPGPRINTS B. V.
SAWGRASS INC.
Report Analysis@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/textile-printing-ink-market
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
SINGAPORE (AP) — Performers from Southeast Asia took part in an international lion dance competition in Singapore ahead of the Lunar New Year, the most important holiday in the Chinese calendar.
The traditional dance includes performers dressed in a lion's costume and mimicking the animal's movements. It is believed to bring good fortune.
The participants at the 11th International Lion Dance Competition came from Vietnam, Singapore, Myanmar, Indonesia, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Malaysia. They were judged according to their skills, grace and music.
This year's winner was a team from Vietnam.
Advertisement
"Lion dancing is a fading tradition as we are seeing less interest among the younger generation, which is more interested in spending time on their electronic devices indoors," said Joseph Low, the head judge and member of the Singapore Wushu Dragon and Lion Dance Federation.
The Lunar New Year — the Year of the Dog — begins Feb. 16.
___
See the latest AP photo galleries: https://apimagesblog.com
___
Follow AP photographers on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP/lists/ap-photographers
Follow AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images
Visit AP Images online: http://www.apimages.com
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
May 3 Gorman-rupp Co:
* Gorman-Rupp Co - announced that it intends to transfer listing of its common stock to new york stock exchange from nyse market
* Gorman-Rupp - co's common stock, which will continue to trade under ticker symbol grc, is expected to commence trading on NYSE effective May 16, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW DELHI, April 10 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A public land bank that accepts deposits of land, from those who do not wish to cultivate it and lends to those with little or no land, can be an effective way to address rural landlessness in India, according to a leading analyst.
A land bank with incentives based on the tenure of the deposit and the size of the holding can also help increase crop output and rural incomes in the country, said Bina Agarwal, a professor at the University of Manchester.
"Creating a public land bank at the village level is a simple and effective way to regulate rural land demand and supply," she said on a visit to New Delhi.
"It gets around the fear of loss of ownership from leasing out land, yet delivers similar benefits, and it won't cost much to set up."
More than 56 percent of rural households in India own no land, according to official data.
The average size of land holdings is 1.15 hectare (11,500 sq metres), with more than two-thirds of owners holding fewer than 4 hectares of cultivable land.
Even as the size of holdings declined due to indebtedness and inheritance over the decades, demand for land for industrial and development use has increased as the economy expanded.
This has led to conflicts between farmers and states, stalling projects worth billions of dollars.
The northern state of Haryana is considering a land bank to buy land from willing farmers for industrial use to avert conflicts.
Agarwal, who led a working group that recommended a state-backed land bank, said the priority should be lending to small and marginal farmers, and landless minority groups.
A public land bank has many advantages, but implementation would be tricky as it would need a mediating agency, said T. Haque, chairman of the land policy cell in NITI Aayog, a government think tank.
"It is a good idea, but it will need a public or private mediating agency, which would add a layer of bureaucracy, and perhaps make it vulnerable to corruption," he said.
"So we are in favour of a model land leasing law instead. Anyone can lease out, anyone can lease in, and there's no middleman."
The model Land Leasing Act aims at giving poor tenant farmers greater access to benefits such as credit while also protecting the rights of landowners. (Reporting by Rina Chandran @rinachandran, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
Self-published Authors Get New Option for Printing Paperbacks
Skipping- Childhood- Novel
End
-- Amazon's paperback publishing services may still be a secret to some writers, but one self-published author is already having a positive reaction. According to indie author Charm Baker, "The news about Amazon's new print book publishing services is still taking time to circulate." This was Baker's assumption when she failed to find a flurry of internet articles about Amazon's newest author service. As a self-published author, Baker says she was interested to know what other authors like herself had to say about Amazon now publishing paperbacks.With this new publishing service being added, KDP is providing self-published authors an alternative to Createspace. Createspace is a popular print and distribution company. Some believe the popularity is largely attributed to their Amazon owners. Just like many self-published authors, Baker says she formerly used Createspace for publishing and distributing "print on demand" copies of her longer books. Shorter ebooks aren't usually eligible for printing because they don't have enough pages for a spine.At the end of 2016, Amazon publicized the availability of their new print book publishing services. They also stated that current Createspace members were welcome to transfer their accounts to KDP. Baker described this as "one of the best gifts" she could have hoped for. She added: "I think the ability to publish print books right alongside our digital books is a great incentive. I wouldn't doubt it if we start seeing less of the short ebooks and more self-published authors publishing both digital and print."An online search about Amazon's paperback publishing rendered few results, indicating that many authors have yet to catch on to the news. Baker stated that to her surprise: "There doesn't seem to be a lot of buzz about it yet!" She then added: "I don't know why? I'm pumped over the whole thing!" Apparently with good reason since she took advantage of the service with her new book: "Skipping Childhood: A Novel (From Abused Foster Child to Adolescent Serial Killer)." Now, both the digital and print formats of the title are available side-by-side on Amazon.Reference:
AUGUSTA, Georgia World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out of the U.S. Masters on Thursday after sustaining a back injury in a freak fall, leaving the year's first major without the red hot favourite.
The American, heavily fancied to win the title after victories in his last three tournaments, slipped on stairs in his rental house on Wednesday sparking immediate speculation he would not be able to play.
The guessing game continued right up until the moment Johnson appeared on the first tee with the other members of his group, Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker, and then walked away without taking a shot.
"I just don't feel like there is any chance of me competing," Johnson told a crowd of reporters outside the clubhouse. "It hurts.
"I was doing everything I could to try to compete. I was up all night trying to get ready for today.
“I can't make my normal swing and I just don't feel like there is any chance I can compete.
"Obviously I want to play more than anything. I just can't swing the club.
"It sucks. I am playing maybe best golf of my career and this is one of my favourite tournaments.
"It sucks, it sucks really bad."
Johnson had arrived at Augusta National around noon and warmed up under the watchful eye of swing coach Butch Harmon.
The situation appeared dire as the 32-year-old took a few cautious swings.
The big-hitting American was in clear discomfort, unable to bend over and leaving his caddie to tee up his ball.
As his 2:03 p.m. tee time approached, Johnson was in deep discussion with his team on the range but seemed determined to play telling a television reporter he was going to give it a try.
A grim-faced Johnson made his way to the first tee but after a few swings turned and walked to the clubhouse.
It was later announced he was withdrawing from the tournament.
The last number one to miss one of golf's majors due to injury was Rory McIlroy at the 2015 British Open and before that Tiger Woods at the 2014 Masters.
Johnson shed some light on the series of events that led to the injury, explaining that he was coming downstairs in socks to move the car when he slipped falling hard on his back and elbow.
"I was doing everything I could to try and play," said Johnson. "Last night, ice, heat, ice. I was up pretty much all night trying to get it ready for today.
"Worked on it all morning. I can't make my normal swings and I don't feel there is any chance that I could compete.
"Obviously I want to play more than anything but just sitting there on the putting green ... I just can't swing the club."
(Editing by Ed Osmond, Louise Ireland and Andrew Both)
Legal matchmaker, LawBid, announces its commitment to encouraging pro bono legal services
npP0DEag
Contact
George Crane
***@lawbid.co.uk George Crane
End
-- LawBid, the UK's first service for matchmaking between clients and solicitors, has recently pledged its commitment to Pro Bono legal work. The company is pioneering in its digital approach to finding a solicitor, and this announcement adheres to LawBid's mission of driving clarity, transparency and fairness into the legal sector.Pro Bono is an essential service performed by law firms to improve access to justice for individuals and organisations who have legal needs but who are ineligible for legal aid and unable to afford to pay for legal services. "Undertaking Pro Bono work is important for law firm's wishing to make a positive contribution to society and give something back to their local community " Kid Harwood, LawBid CEO, told us. "LawBid was founded on the premise of making legal services more accessible to all, we acknowledge the importance of pro bono work and encourage this in our efforts to help create a more transparent, approachable legal industry".All solicitors will be prompted to verify themselves as a pro bono lawyer upon signing up with LawBid, if they wish to provide free advice. Those clients seeking pro bono solicitors will then be able to request that their case is broadcast only to participating firms. "This option allows firm's to demonstrate their commitment to the community and provides vulnerable clients accessibility to the legal advice they may otherwise be unable to acquire" explains Mr Harwood.The site, which has grown consistently since its launch in August 2016, has proven as popular for solicitors as for clients, with firm's rushing to sign up to the online platform in order to find new cases. For law firms, the platform is a highly-effective method for attracting clients, who now head online in search of the clear pricing which LawBid provides through its bidding service. "Our analytics show that most of our users are accessing LawBid from their mobile devices" explains Mr Harwood, "it is highly beneficial for solicitors to be accessible through LawBid, communicating directly with potential clients and saving time."The Law Society's Pro Bono Charter, which requests law firms to have systems in place to enable pro bono clients to approach them, is easily adhered to when firms can have local pro bono cases sent straight to their inbox via LawBid.Many firms are already making use of the pro bono option at LawBid and it is generating much interest amongst users. LawBid is growing in popularity, users and solicitors alike are commending the innovative digital approach and we watch with great interest as to the positive effect the LawBid system will have on transparency, trust and openness of the legal sector.For more information, head to https://lawbid.co.uk/
April 20 Marks And Spencer Group Plc:
* Updates on its five-year programme to improve its UK store estate to better meet changing needs of customers.
* 36 new stores to open in next six months, over 1,400 new jobs created, proposal to close six stores Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
MUMBAI Andrew Tye was a frustrated bystander for his first two seasons in the Indian Premier League but the Australia paceman grabbed his chance when it came on Friday, taking five wickets including a hat-trick to set up a first win for the Gujarat Lions.
The 30-year-old Twenty20 specialist was part of the Chennai Super Kings squad in 2015 and was then picked up by Gujarat in 2016 but spent both editions sitting in the dugout waiting for his maiden opportunity in the cash-rich tournament.
It finally arrived in the winless Lions' home game at Rajkot against the Rising Pune Supergiant, who are led by Australia captain Steve Smith.
Tye finished with match-winning figures of 5-17 as his side registered their first points of the 2017 season with a comprehensive seven-wicket win in their third match.
"I think it was 34 matches now to get my first IPL game. The way it came out today, it couldn't have been any better," Tye told the tournament website (www.iplt20.com).
"We went out there with a certain attitude. We had to be energetic. We had to get things done."
Tye struck in his first over, the sixth of the innings, to dismiss Rahul Tripathi and break a flourishing 64-run stand for the second wicket between the opener and Smith.
He then picked up the big wicket of England all-rounder Ben Stokes with the first ball of his second over.
Ankit Sharma, Manoj Tiwary and Shardul Thakur were out on the first three deliveries in the final over of the innings from Tye as Pune were restricted to 171-8. Gujarat chased down the target with two overs to spare.
Tye said he never ran out of patience while waiting to make his mark.
"Finally, this morning our coach Hodgy (Brad Hodge) told me 'Get set to play. You're definitely playing,'" Tye added. "To get a wicket in the first over settled me down.
"I came here with nothing to lose. When you've waited that long for a chance, you got to take it. I was happy the way I came out and performed tonight.
"Even if you are not playing, India is a great place to develop your game and learn from the best players in the world. Playing with the international players and the Indian players, my cricket has really come on."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly; editing by Peter Rutherford)
BRASILIA May 2 Brazil's economy will post growth of between 0.7 percent and 0.8 percent in the first quarter, turning the corner on a two-year recession, Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said on Tuesday.
In an interview with GloboNews cable channel, Meirelles said Brazilian companies will have to start to restock inventories and draw up investment plans.
Latin America's largest economy shrank 0.9 percent in the last three months of 2016, its eighth straight quarter of retreat. Unemployment has hit a record 13.7 percent with more than 14 million Brazilians looking for work.
Meirelles said the reform of Brazil's costly social security system, the main cause of a gaping budget deficit, is crucial to restore growth and create jobs despite its unpopularity.
The changes to the pension system, which will extend the years Brazilians must work to retire on full benefits, are opposed by 71 percent of those surveyed by pollster Datafolha.
The reform proposal by President Michel Temer is scheduled to face a key vote in committee on Wednesday before it is put to a floor vote in the lower house of Congress next week. (Reporting by Anthony Boadle; editing by Diane Craft)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
* Private equity firms reported bidding $22 bln for SCA hygiene arm
* SCA shares jump as much as 9.8 pct
* SCA declines to comment (Adds detail, shares, valuation)
STOCKHOLM, April 13 A group of private equity companies have bid around 200 billion Swedish crowns ($22.3 billion) for the hygiene arm of tissue and forestry products firm SCA, Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter said, citing unnamed sources.
Sweden's SCA last week formally approved a proposal to split into two listed units, a hygiene products firm, called Essity, and a forestry company carrying the SCA name.
SCA has said it aims to list Essity as soon as possible, and during the second half of 2017 at the latest.
"At least two private equity companies together have bid around 200 billion crowns for the hygiene unit," Dagens Nyheter said in a report that first appeared on its website on Wednesday night. The newspaper did not name the private equity firms.
Dagens Nyheter said the bid had been made a few weeks ago.
The firm, which counts U.S. firms Procter & Gamble and Kimberly-Clark among its main rivals, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters on Thursday.
SCA shares rose as much as 9.8 percent in early trading on Thursday, and was up 7.2 percent by 0814 GMT, making it the top performer in the STOXX Europe 600 index.
UBS in a note this week gave Essity an implied equity value of 154-173 billion crowns based on 702 million outstanding shares.
The group had an overall market value of 194 billion crowns at market close on Wednesday.
SCA's hygiene business is the world's largest maker of incontinence pads and the second largest in consumer tissues such as napkins and toilet paper. Its forestry arm produces paper, pulp and wood products.
Last year, SCA's hygiene business accounted for 86 percent of the group's total sales. ($1 = 8.9859 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Simon Johnson and Johannes Hellstrom; editing by Mark Bendeich and Jason Neely)
April 3 Telus Corp
* Telus finalizes deal to expand its wireless business in Manitoba
* Telus- Co, Bell now formally closed deal to have about one-quarter of Bell MTS' postpaid wireless customers and 15 dealer locations assumed to Telus Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CHIBA, Japan, April 5 India's liquefied natural gas (LNG) demand could ease as the government has scrapped subsidies on gas sales to power companies, the chief executive of the country's biggest gas importer said on Wednesday at a gas conference in Japan.
Natural gas accounts for about 6.5 percent of India's overall energy needs, far lower than the global average. India plans to raise the share of gas in its energy mix to 15 percent over the next three years, but a major challenge to that goal is the price sensitivity of Indian consumers.
India has for the last two fiscal years been giving discounts on the sale of imported LNG to revive more than 14 gigawatts of stranded power generation capacity that had been hit by domestic gas shortages.
But a power ministry official confirmed that the LNG subsidy has not been extended beyond March 31, and Prabhat Singh, chief executive of Petronet LNG, said these gas-based projects cannot compete with plants using cheaper coal.
"If (the power subsidies in India) don't happen, then definitely around a million to 2 million tonnes of LNG which was going there will be lost," Singh told reporters at Gastech in Japan.
After the subsidies were first put in place, India's annual LNG imports surged 15 percent to 16.08 million tonnes in 2015/16. Then for the first 11 months of the 2016/2017 fiscal year - the April-February period - India imported 17 million tonnes. Data for March is not yet available. (Reporting by Mark Tay; Addition reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan in NEW DELHI; Writing by Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Tom Hogue)
BUENOS AIRES, March 30 Argentina's San Juan province ordered Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero mine to suspend some activities after a pipe became decoupled, state-run news agency Telam reported on Thursday.
Reuters could not immediately reach the provincial government to confirm the report. A spokesman for Barrick said the company was confirming its understanding of the order.
Barrick said on Wednesday the decoupling of a pipeline carrying gold and silver solution late on Tuesday posed no threat to the environment.
Operations at the mine were temporarily suspended last September after falling ice damaged a pipe and spilled some ore saturated with cyanide solution over a berm, or raised bank. One year earlier, there was a spill of cyanide solution at the mine, due to an equipment failure. (Reporting by Caroline Stauffer; Additional reporting by Susan Taylor; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi's trucker jacket, the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign. He shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram.
Related: Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘Wonder Wheel' Trailer
Timberlake posted, “For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket, @Levis asked me to redesign one. I did and ever since, it's been my favorite drinking buddy. 🍻👌🏻 #Denim #Flannel #LiveInLevis.”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says, “Why don't you mind your own business.”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer, having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005.
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below:
Serverless technology is being called the next generation of the cloud. The first layer abstracted organizations from their physical servers. (Serverless, like cloud, of course, doesn't literally mean ‘no server;' it simply means not YOUR servers!)
In its simplest terms, serverless is about developers writing code as a function, which the cloud provider then hosts and runs on demand. The benefits are both economic — the organization behind the application only pays for its usage, not idle time — and agility.
Nate Taggart, CEO of a startup called Stackery, explained that serverless aligns with DevOps in that it's about shipping software quickly. But it does introduce challenges, as developers become responsible for not just iterating the code, but now also the underlying infrastructure. Like it or not, Taggart said “developers are now part of provisioning and the monitoring cycle” of applications. There is a blurring of responsibilities between developers and operations teams, but organizations should be focused not on deploying software so much as maintaining the software's health over time.
Serverless helps organizations drive the most value for customers while running on the least amount and lowest cost of infrastructure, he said. “Servers are traditionally overprovisioned to have availability and maximize customer experience, and companies are way overpaying for servers they aren't running at 100 percent.” In a serverless world, he explained, an application composed of dozens or hundreds of functions sit in a cloud, and when they are idle, there is no cost. This architecture is function-as-a-service, where the code is a function that is triggered by events.
Cloud providers might put these functions on several servers, to balance them out by understanding which functions get triggered frequently and which are seldom activated — what is known as ‘traffic shaping,' Taggart said.
Stackery grew out of the applicaton performance space, and has been in business a little over a year now, he said. Serverless has gone from being seen as development technology to being seen as operations technology with a broader business impact, he said. But, he noted, it is to the industry's discredit “if we speak of serverless as a replacement for IT. Serverless is to compute layer, but we still have the database layer, and we still have the network. AWS Lambda (for example) doesn't do those pieces. IT still needs to maintain data fidelity, backups, network security…”
Taggart said he sees serverless as the next generation of cloud. The first generation abstracted the physical server, and “now, we're abstracting the virtual idea of the server.”
Mark Pillar is the founder of Backendless Corp.; the term backend-less predates serverless, he said. The company has built an abstraction layer that provides developers with a front-end console to see data, files or manage users, and lets the developers use API calls to save something in the database, or validate a user with all the business processes that follow — all functions traditionally handled on the server side. “As a result, developer productivity skyrockets, because they're freed of all the tasks that normally they would have to allocate all their time for.”
But the biggest benefit, he said, is that by launching the app, it's automatically ready to scale to millions of users on Day 1, because the back end is completely, automatically scalable. “If an app becomes extremely popular, and tens of thousands of users download the app, the servers continue chugging along and handling those transactions without any slowdown. As the user base grows, and there are more devices that have the application installed, all of the requests are being sent to our servers where we scale out the back end automatically.”
Pillar explained that the backend-less platform has three tiers on the back end. “There are virtual instances of the web tier, an app server, and the database. Depending upon where we see bottlenecks form, we do balance and re-routing to handle every request as quickly as possible.”
Add to all this Codeless, which Pillar said was released in August, and developers can create custom business logic without writing a single line of code — his company's entry into the low-code/nocode category.
So, we're entering into a world where developers can create business applications without writing code, running with back ends on the cloud. It's certainly an abstract view of the world.
F1 sporting boss Ross Brawn says he hopes Fernando Alonso stays in F1.
Rumours are growing stronger by the race that the Spaniard, who won Le Mans recently and last year raced at Indianapolis, may quit F1 at the end of the season.
Brawn says the way Alonso has handled multiple consecutive weekends of sports cars and F1 is impressive.
"You never know, maybe he's looking for something out of formula one, but I really hope that's not the case," Brawn, representing Liberty Media, is quoted by Marca.
"He is still very fast and F1 needs drivers like him with charisma and talent," he added.
Get 49ers news in your inbox. Sign up now for the free 49ers HQ newsletter.
SANTA CLARA — Reuben Foster moved from drill to drill Wednesday with familiar fluidity — and a reputation to repair.
It was a contrasting sight from watching Foster go in and out of a San Jose courtroom the past two months, a saga in which domestic-violence charges got dropped last week and all that remains is a misdemeanor weapons charge.
The 49ers are thrilled to have Foster back with them, even if he's currently limited to work on the outskirts of their practice field while revving up his conditioning to eventually join team drills.
“He's in a good spot right now. He's been through a lot,” said 49ers assistant Johnny Holland, Foster's linebackers coach last year and now their run-game specialist. “With court cases, you never know what's going to happen, and he still has a long road to go, but he's excited being back out here.”
Foster still hasn't spoken with the media and likely won't until the June 12-14 minicamp. He's in no rush to discuss his two offseason arrests; a marijuana-possession case got dismissed in Alabama on Friday.
Defensive coaches got to work Wednesday at speaking up on Foster's behalf and remaking a reputation that took a hit outside the 49ers walls.
“Reuben has an infectious personality. He has a glow about himself,” Holland began. “He's very likable.
“He tries to do things right, and somehow he gets caught sometimes doing the wrong things. It sometimes follows guys like that,” Holland added. “Reuben has to identify himself that, ‘I have to make good decisions.' This isn't college football, high school football or college football. Your identity is known. People know what you do. And you're not going to get away with stuff.”
Defensive coordinator Robert Saleh said Foster reported back last Thursday in great shape.
“We're all excited. The whole organization matches his enthusiasm,” Saleh said. “It's not just because of Reuben the player but Reuben the person. For people who don't know him and who don't have the privilege to know him, they don't really understand what a great human being he actually is.”
For complete 49ers coverage follow us on Flipboard.
DeMeco Ryans, the 49ers inside linebackers coach and a former All-Pro with the Houston Texans, also defended Foster.
“People on the outside don't really know Reuben,” Ryans said. “If you see one thing that pops up in the media — ‘He's a bad guy' – you don't really know him. A lot of players get a bad rap because they only show the bad things guys do or are accused of in the media, but they never highlight all the good a guy does.
“That's why you have a perception he's bad on one end, but the people around him know him and know he's a good guy.”
Holland and Ryans know they have a good linebacker who can become great, and their emphasis now is to alter Foster's tackling technique.
They don't want Foster to leave his feet and launch his head at ballcarriers. They want him to rely more on his hands to shed blocks. They want to keep him and his surgically repaired right shoulder safe. They want to avoid an injury bug that rendered his rookie season to a 10-game cameo after an eye-opening trainign camp.
Said Ryans: “He has the natural knack and tools and everything needed to be a great linebacker.”
“He's been going through a learning phase as a first-year pro,” Holland added. “This is his second year now and he has to step up and make good decisions.”
Solomon Thomas' family tragedy: Defensive lineman Solomon Thomas admirably kept his emotions in check during a 15-minute interview after practice regarding his sister, Ella, who committed suicide Jan. 23 in their hometown of Coppell, Texas. The Stanford product says he will honor more than his sister Saturday by joining family and friends in Dallas for a walk that benefits the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
“I'm also walking all the people who suffer around the world,” Thomas said. “It's really easy to fake a smile and put on a face. It's real easy to tell someone you're fine. But it's hard to tell someone how you actually feel. There are so many people who suffer more than we all know. I'm walking for them and for others affected by this.”
Like our San Francisco 49ers Facebook page for more 49ers news, commentary and conversation.
Thomas said his sister battled depression the past couple years and that mental health is a topic that should be more openly discussed. He said it “meant the world” at his sister's funeral for him and his family to see a 49ers contingent including York, John Lynch, Robbie Gould and Elvis Dumervil.
“Something that's been hitting me through this time is how every conversation with someone be meaningful,” Thomas added. “You ask them how they are or give them a little smile, because that can change someone's life. You never know what they're going through that day. That one conversation can give them that light that it's going to be OK.”
Being around teammates has helped Thomas through these past few months. “Football has been therapeutic for me. I love the sport,” Thomas added. “But it's been more about being around the team. That's helped me the most, being around the guys and feeling the love around me.”
Anthem fallout: Defensive lineman Arik Armstead is among seven players still on the 49ers who knelt during the national anthem last season, and he said the 49ers haven't broached the NFL's new policy mandating players stand and be respectful during the anthem.
“You have to stand back and look at it more and more,” Armstead said. “One thing that has been good is Jed (York, the 49ers CEO) has supported us throughout the process.
“There are a lot of mixed emotions on the topic. You've got to sit down and really think about it for yourself personally. But Jed has been good in supporting us, so that's been awesome.”
York recused himself from last Wednesday's vote among owners regarding an anthem policy. He has supported players' right to express themselves since Colin Kaepernick first started the protests in the 2016 exhibition season.
Jimmie Ward's transition: Another year, another position switch for Jimmie Ward, and Wednesday showed encouraging results as he lined up at left cornerback. After allowing a 40-yard catch to Kendrick Bourne, Ward responded by nearly intercepting and at least breaking up a similar pass to Marquise Goodwin, and Ward later defended a Jimmy Garoppolo pass toward Pierre Garçon in the end zone.
“He just has to get comfortable and get reps,” secondary coach Jeff Hafley said. “He's a really athletic player. He's very instinctive. You know how tough he is and the play-making ability he has.”
Ward's move to cornerback has been prompted by, 1.), the need for more competition there, especially while Richard Sherman rehabilitates his Achilles, and, 2.), Adrian Colbert's ability to seize the free safety role with an ball-hawking, physical approach once Ward sustained a forearm fracture last season.
Red-zone options: The 49ers' work on red-zone offense revealed a couple clues how they might improve there this season. First, Garoppolo completed multiple, would-be touchdown passes to tight ends Garrett Celek and George Kittle, the latter of whom Garoppolo talked with on the side about route running. Second, Garoppolo's ability to throw receivers open is an asset, as evident by how he led Aaron Burbridge to the back corner of the end zone for a touchdown catch.
Through two organized team activities that have been open to the media, Garoppolo hasn't unleashed deep passes or found a rhythm with Garçon, but he's looked as calm and in control. Trent Taylor remains out with a back issue, and that allowed more targets for Goodwin, Bourne, Victor Bolden and rookie Dante Pettis.
Bonus notes: Mike Person took the first snaps as the starting right guard but Joshua Garnett stepped in and took the majority of first-team reps there as practice ensued. Garnett bulldozed a linebacker on one run play. … Defensive tackle Sheldon Day intercepted a C.J. Beathard pass that went off Bolden's helmet. … Running back Joe Williams ran through a hole behind Mike McGlinchey before sliding on his knee. He cut back into the awaiting arms of Day on another play, showed speed as a receiver out of the backfield, but wasn't always hustling back to the huddle. … Bolden made a nice catch on a Nick Mullens pass into a tight window. … Others those still held out of practice guard Jonathan Cooper (knee), linebacker Brock Coyle (shoulder; he did individual work), running back Jeremy McNichols, and safeties Chancellor James (knee), Don Jones (knee) and Marcell Harris (Achilles). … The second-string offensive line (left to right): Andrew Lauderdale, Coleman Shelton, Erik Magnuson, Garnett/Person, Garry Gilliam. …
THE Bundaberg Child Protection Week Action Group is urging residents to keep children in mind, especially during September.
The group launched their appeal yesterday at the Bundaberg Police Station in the lead up to Child Protection Week.
This year, the annual week is held from September 3 to 9 with a range of activities held to further the community message that "Child Protection Is Everyone's Business”.
Cr Judy Peters said it was important for adults to come together to show support for the region's children.
"I think young people don't necessarily have a voice and we need to be that voice whether it is as a parent, carer or service provider,” cr Judy Peters said.
This year the action group will hold inaugaral dinner on September 1 which includes an award presentation.
Local artist John Olsen has sculptured the award to be presented.
To find ut more about the activities being held as part of Child Protection Week, head to the Bundaberg Child Protection Week - CPWAG Facebook page.
March 31 DuPont said it would sell its crop protection business to FMC Corp and buy FMC's health and nutrition unit in an asset swap deal that will give DuPont about $1.6 billion.
DuPont's $130 billion merger with Dow Chemical Co, which was expected to close in the first half of 2017, is now expected to close between Aug. 1 and Sept. 1, Dupont said.
The deal with FMC includes a cash portion of $1.2 billion and working capital of $425 million.
(Reporting by Vishaka George in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
March 29 Xingmin Intelligent Transportation Systems (Group) Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co formed cooperation with Beiqi Foton Motor Co Ltd
* Says Beiqi Foton Motor Co Ltd will fully use the tyre products of the co
* Says two entities will cooperate on R& D of products, development of marketing and improvement of qualities
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/xJJTMN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PARIS, April 28 Markets are not pricing in a significant political risk linked to the French presidential elections because the probability that the centrist Emmanuel Macron does not win the second round due on May 7 is very low, Amundi said on Friday.
"We think that probability that Mister Macron is not elected in the second round is very very low," Amundi's chief executive Yves Perrier told journalists.
"Markets today are not pricing in a significant political risk".
Emmanuel Macron would win the run-off in France's presidential election on May 7 against far-right leader Marine Le Pen with 61 percent of the vote versus 39 percent, a Harris Interactive poll for parliamentary TV channel LCP showed on Thursday.
Financial markets have been nervous about the possibility of a president Le Pen, whose policies they see as likely to lead to a break up the European Union.
(Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
JAKARTA, April 12 Bank Mandiri, Indonesia's biggest bank by assets, expects its provisions to sharply drop to 16-18 trillion rupiah ($1.2-1.4 billion) this year as it steps up restructuring and asset sales, its chief executive told Reuters on Wednesday.
Its provisions stood at 24.6 trillion rupiah at the end of 2016, more than double the 12.0 trillion a year earlier.
Mandiri also sees its gross non-performing loans dropping to 3 percent of total loans this year from 4 percent at the end of 2016, CEO Kartika Wirjoatmodjo said in an interview.
The state-controlled bank saw inflows of almost 30 trillion rupiah ($2.3 billion) from Indonesia's tax amnesty scheme, Wirjoatmodjo said, adding that some of the funds are being converted into assets such as bonds.
Mandiri reported a 32 percent fall in 2016 net profit to its lowest in five years.
($1 = 13,274.0000 rupiah) (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata and Gayatri Suroyo; editing by Jason Neely)
THE Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) has lifted the moratorium on the deployment of Filipino workers to Qatar, saying the situation there has normalized.
Secretary Silvestre Bello 3rd on Thursday said the decision was arrived at following consultations with the Department of Foreign Affairs and the Philippine Overseas Labor Office (POLO).
“This decision was arrived at on the advise of Foreign Affairs Secretary Allan Peter Cayetano and upon the recommendation of Qatar POLO following their assessment of the situation in the Gulf state,” Bello said.
The decision means that the Philippine Overseas Employment Administration (POEA) can resume the processing of new applications and issuance of overseas employment certificates for Qatar-bound workers.
Bello said Labor Attaché David Des Dicang requested the immediate deployment of teachers and drivers hired by the Philippine School Doha (PSD) and Philippine International School-Qatar. A total of 28 new teachers and 20 bus drivers for PSD and 51 new teachers for PISQ have pending applications with the POEA.
The Philippine Embassy and POLO also recommended the deployment of an Assessment Team composed of officials of DOLE, POEA, the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration and the Undersecretary for Migrant Workers Affairs of the DFA to Qatar.
The Qatari government guaranteed the safety of around 240,000 Filipinos in Qatar.
On June 6, Bello suspended the deployment of Filipino workers following the decision of some Arab countries to cut off diplomatic ties with Qatar. WILLIAM B. DEPASUPIL
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday that the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, and underlined her country's commitment to raise defense spending gradually — another point of contention with Washington.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts, something that could be painful for Germany with its major auto industry.
"It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that," Merkel told the German parliament, noting that the head of the EU's executive Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will soon travel to the U.S.
She added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners, and also questioned the value of measuring surpluses and deficits by trade in goods alone. If digital services were included, she said, it's likely that the U.S. would have a trade surplus with Europe.
Advertisement
"It is almost old-fashioned only to count goods and not to count services," she said.
The U.S. is also pressing Germany over what it considers insufficient defense spending ahead of NATO's July 11-12 summit in Brussels. In 2014, NATO allies agreed to stop cutting defense budgets, start spending more than their economies grew and move toward a goal of devoting 2 percent of GDP to defense within a decade.
Germany's current spending amounts to 1.24 percent of GDP.
Merkel said that, though spending is rising, "relative to what others are doing in terms of their gross domestic product, that is far from sufficient." She added that "that is why we have committed to spend 1.5 percent of gross domestic product for this by 2025," and defended Germany's position.
"Germany is a reliable partner in NATO," Merkel said. "We are the second-biggest troop provider, we participate in many missions, and Germany will remain a reliable partner in NATO."
In a message to skeptics at home, she added that "we can't act as though the issue of defense weren't a pressing one in our time."
April 12 Johnson & Johnson -
* Phagelux Inc announces collaboration with Johnson & Johnson innovation for new antibacterial solution
* Reached an agreement with Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc to collaborate on development of one or more skin care products
* Deal was facilitated by Johnson & Johnson innovation
* Under deal terms between parties, co will be responsible for developing products utilizing its patented or patent pending technologies
* Under deal terms Johnson & Johnson consumer shall provide specified financial support, access to certain skin care and formulation know-how Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kropz mining company has told SANParks executive committee members that it may ask to extend its phosphate mine into the West Coast National Park. The company, formerly Elandsfontein Exploration and Mining Ltd, has also approached the Department of Mineral Resources (DMR) to “protect our rights” over the deposits.
Amid rumours that the mine had its eyes on mining in the national park, SANParks confirmed that the company has twice “alluded” to the possibility of asking to extend its mining operations into the park, first in October last year and again in June.
SANParks chief executive Fundisile Mketeni's confirmation comes after Melissa Fourie, director of the Centre for Environmental Rights, wrote to him for clarification about possible mining in the West Coast National Park.
She said the environmental NGO was worried about “persistent rumours” that SANParks planned to withdraw national park status from parts of the West Coast National Park to allow phosphate mining.
As it is illegal to mine in a national park, the land would first have to be deproclaimed before mining could take place.
Fourie asked SANParks whether it had received any request to consider withdrawing national parks status of parts of the West Coast National Park, “or had been party to any meetings where the possible deproclamation of any parts of this park has been tabled”.
Mketeni wrote back to say that SANParks had not received any official written request to withdraw national park status from any parts of the West Coast National Park.
However, Mketeni said, “Elandsfontein Pty Ltd alluded to a possible request to extend their mining areas to the affected portion of the West Coast National Park, during visits by SANParks exco members and the Conservation, Tourism and Social Economic Development Committee of the SANParks board, in October 2016 and June 2017 respectively.”
Mketeni said the Protected Areas Act was clear that commercial prospecting, exploration or mining in national parks was prohibited. SANParks' mandate was to protect and conserve national parks and their biological diversity.
Asked to comment, Kropz spokesperson Michelle Lawrence said the company's mining right was on a bigger area than it currently mined. This was to protect the company's interests in case someone else applied to mine next to Kropz.
The company's approach to Mineral Resources about mining in the national park was “to protect our rights on the minor portion of phosphate ore that extends into the adjacent SANParks land”.
“When we met DMR, they assured us our rights are protected, because DMR will not consider any applications in a national park,” Lawrence said.
She said this had been alluded to with SANParks during a site visit in 2016.
Asked if Kropz intended to apply to SANParks officially to mine in the park, Lawrence replied: “No.”
“If SANParks gives an inch, there will be a landslide of mining applications”
However, the West Coast Environmental Protection Association finds Kropz approaching SANParks and DMR “deeply concerning”.
The NGO's lawyer, Walter Anderson, who is handling the organisation's appeal against the issuing of a water use licence to the mine, said they had always suspected the company had its eye on mining in the national park, as its infrastructure appeared to be designed for a much higher output that the current mine.
“It is deeply concerning. It is expressly illegal in terms of the Protected Areas Act, yet approaches have been made both to the management authority (SANParks) and to DMR about mining inside the national park,” Anderson said.
He feared that Kropz might challenge the validity of the proclamation of sections of the West Coast National Park.
“If SANParks gives an inch, there will be a landslide of mining applications in our national parks. They will come down on Kruger [National Park] and others which are known to have valuable mineral deposits,” he said.
Kropz was given a licence in January 2015 to mine phosphate on land adjacent to the national park, and a water use licence in April 2017.
Kropz has since halted operations for an undetermined period for technical reasons and because the global price of phosphate was at a ten-year low.
The West Coast National Park was proclaimed in 1985 to conserve a globally important centre of biodiversity, including the Langebaan Lagoon, which is a UN Ramsar site – a wetland of international importance. Other key attributes are several nationally and internationally important vegetation types, while the area around Elandsfontein is extremely rich in fossils.
By Melanie Gosling
This story first appeared on GroundUp
South Africa Today – South Africa News
© 2017 GroundUp.
This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License.
You may republish this article, so long as you credit the authors and GroundUp, and do not change the text. Please include a link back to the original article.
Pūlehu Road between Hoʻokele Street and Hansen Road in Central Maui will be closed, effective Wednesday, Dec. 13 through Friday, Dec. 15, 2017.
The closure will be in effect from 7:30 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. on the specified days.
ADVERTISEMENT
County officials with the Department of Public Works, Highways Division, say the closure is required for the application of a thin overlay as part of the division's pavement preservation program.
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ford Motor's China joint venture will recall 567,167 vehicles from Feb. 25, China's quality watchdog said on Friday.
The recall is due to some brake-related problems, according to a statement posted on the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine's website. (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
April 6 Fonfun Corp
* Says second biggest shareholder Resort&Medical Co.,Ltd. decreased voting power in the company to 0 percent, from 19 percent (530,000 shares)
* Says Hill & Partners Inc. increased voting power in the company to 19 percent (530,000 shares), up from 0 percent
* Change occurred on March 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/jfDIBD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A TV crew from one of the UK's most famous shows visited Queen's University this week to get to the bottom of an out-of-this-world mystery.
The News Letter tagged along to find out more about the next episode of long-running BBC programme The Sky At Night which deals with the discovery of an object from another solar system and the research on it carried out by a team of Queen's astronomers.
Researcher Michele Bannister told of the moment last October when her team learnt of the ‘foreign object' in our solar system.
She said: “A circular was sent out to members of the astronomical community at about 6.30am saying that there was a very good chance a group in Hawaii had observed the first interstellar comet.
“For people like myself who have spent many years trying to understand what exists in our own solar system, this was so exciting – another little piece of a solar system that is not our own that has come to visit.”
She said the team of eight from Queen's then scrambled to gain access to telescopes in the Canaries, Hawaii and Chile which can be programmed over the Internet and viewed remotely.
The tiny dot represents the mysterious Oumuamua
“We know it's from another solar system because of the path it took,” she said.
“What we've learned is it's about twice the size of the Europa Hotel and it's quite elongated, vaguely cucumber-shaped. It's travelling twice as fast as the fastest spaceship to leave planet earth.
“If you were able to stand on its surface – which you couldn't do – it would be a bit like the texture of merengue.
“We have no idea which solar system it came from – that's the fun part.”
Christopher Lintott, Professor of Astrophysics in the Department of Physics at the University of Oxford, was at Queen's University in Belfast to film the next episode of The Sky At Night. Picture by Arthur Allison/Pacemaker Press
In the stacked infrared image that we've printed above, Ms Bannister explained the object known as ‘Oumuamua is a dot of light in the centre, the long streaks are stars and the little curls are cosmic rays.
Sky at Night presenter Professor Chris Lintott said: “I think the most exciting thing is that it's a mystery story.
“It's astronomy at its most exciting – something has arrived in our solar system, it's a dot in an image and no one knows what it is. I'm very excited to be [at Queen's] because the people here were the ones chasing that story down.
“We're telling the story of Alan (Fitzsimmons) in a hotel room desperately sending emails asking for telescope time, or Michele calling colleagues in Hawaii to work out what to do. I think that really makes the science come alive.”
The Sky At Night's long-running presenter Sir Patrick Moore
The late Patrick Moore presented The Sky At Night from 1957 until 2013, making it the longest-running TV programme with the same presenter of all time.
Prof Lintott said: “There's an episode from the sixties where they talk about the possibility of an astroid from another solar system coming into ours, but I don't think anyone actually thought they'd see one. This is completely unprecedented.”
Post grad student at Tom Secull, 24, said: “Of all the humans on earth we're the first to get to observe and work on this kind of project.”
Fellow post grad student Meabh Hyland, 25, said: “I've always been interested in astronomy since I was very young. It's exciting to be able to work on these sorts of things.”
• Queen's University features in the episode on Sunday, February 11 on BBC Four at 10pm
The Chinese yuan was trading higher against the dollar on Wednesday, continuing a recovery that began the previous afternoon after China's central bank chief pledged to keep the exchange rate “basically stable.”
The yuan CNYUSD, +0.1463% had advanced as much as 0.7% against the dollar shortly after trading began in mainland China on Wednesday, but it then gave up some of its gain. In recent action, one dollar USDCNY, -0.1460% bought 6.6315 yuan, compared with 6.6672 yuan on Tuesday.
In the offshore market, the Chinese currency CNHUSD, +0.3916% also was strengthening, with one dollar USDCNH, -0.3900% at 6.6453 yuan. That meant the yuan's value was weaker in trading hubs such as Hong Kong than on the mainland.
The yuan's reversal came after Yi Gang, governor of the People's Bank of China, said Tuesday the central bank is “closely monitoring” recent fluctuations in the currency market and will use its “ample” monetary tools to keep the yuan stable.
The Chinese currency has rallied from its intraday trough against the dollar on Tuesday, which marked the yuan's weakest level in nearly a year. It tumbled 3.4% against the buck in June in one of its worst months on record.
Demand for options that protect investors against swings in the dollar against the offshore yuan shot up after the yuan's latest moves. One-month implied volatility for the dollar against the yuan, which is based on prices for such protective currency options, has surged to near its highest level since February and is almost double its five-year average, according to Thomson Reuters.
Investors traded a record number of futures contracts tied to the dollar against the offshore yuan on Hong Kong's exchange on Tuesday, representing a notional value of $2.2 billion, according to Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd.
The pace of the yuan's swoon through Tuesday has made some investors nervous.
Stuart Ritson, head of Asian rates and FX at Aviva Investors in Singapore, said he has chosen to bet on declines in other Asian currencies that are sensitive to a deterioration in global trade and slowing Chinese growth, rather than the yuan.
“We've actually preferred to use proxies, like the Taiwan dollar and Korean won, at this point in time,” he said. “The main reason is the sharpness of the move recently,” he said, referring to the yuan.
SYDNEY May 3 Proposals by activist investor Elliott Management to boost shareholder returns at BHP Billiton would be "credit negative" for the global miner, ratings agency Moody's said on Wednesday.
BHP has rejected the proposals to collapse its dual-listed share structure, spin off its U.S. petroleum business and conduct an ongoing, off-market share buyback program.
Moody's on Wednesday upgraded BHP's outlook to "positive" from "stable", saying it believes the company will continue to generate strong earnings and free cash flow in the current commodity price environment.
"However, the positive outlook is predicated on the group continuing with its current operating strategy and financial policies, and that its operating footprint will not change materially as a result of the Elliott proposals," Moody's said.
"Any material change that resulted in higher than expected shareholder returns and/or leverage would be seen as credit negative," it said.
Elliott Management representatives are in Australia this week to meet BHP shareholders over the proposals.
In the past year, Elliott has built up a 4.1 percent stake in BHP's British arm and last month told the company that it had failed to deliver "optimal" value.
BHP has labeled the proposals as flawed and warned would involve costs far beyond any benefits if implemented.
(Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Northern Luzon Expressway (NLEX) relied on Kevin Alas in the fourth quarter to beat Meralco via a 100-94 decision in the Philippine Basketball Association Season 42 Governors Cup on Sunday at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay City.
Alas nailed 11 of his 21 points in the payoff period, including the lay-up that established NLEX's 91-86 cushion with 3:09 left in the game. The Road Warriors kept their advantage until the last minute to bounce back from a humiliating loss to Ginebra (97-110) last week.
With the win, the Road Warriors took the top spot with 5-1 win-loss record while the Bolts suffered their first defeat in five games for 4-1 record.
Import Aaron Fuller led NLEX with 25 points and 18 rebounds plus two blocks, while Larry Fonacier made 16 points and JR Quiahan contributed 10 points also for the Road Warriors.
Import Allen Durham led Meralco with 26 points and 14 rebounds, while Reynel Hugnatan had 25 points and nine rebounds.
Scores:
NLEX 100 – Fuller 25, Alas 21, Fonacier 16, Quinahan 10, Mallari 8, Soyud 5, Lastimosa 5, Tiongson 3, Al-Hussaini 2, Ighalo 2, Taulava 2, Rios 1, J. Villanueva 0.
MERALCO 94 – Durham 26, Hugnatan 25, Amer 14, Sedurifa 9, Dillinger 8, Nabong 7, Newsome 5, Lanete 0, Caram 0, Chua 0, Tolomia 0.
Quarters: 16-24, 41-44, 63-64, 100-94.
FILE PHOTO - A view shows the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) headquarters in Silver Spring, Maryland August 14, 2012. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo
Signage for GlaxoSmithKline is seen on it's offices in London, Britain, March 30, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON A deadline for U.S. regulators to give a verdict on a generic copy of GlaxoSmithKline's blockbuster inhaled lung drug Advair has passed with no sign of approval, sparking speculation that a threat to GSK profits might be delayed.
That could offer a reprieve for the British group's new chief executive, Emma Walmsley, who takes over in two days.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had been due to decide by March 28 whether to approve the first substitutable generic copy of the two-part drug for asthma and chronic lung disease, made by generics firm Mylan.
In the event, the FDA issued no statement and a Mylan spokeswoman said the generic drugmaker had "no comment at this point".
"It is possible Mylan might still make an announcement when the U.S. market opens, but I don't think anybody would be surprised if the review period for their product is extended," said Deutsche Bank analyst Richard Parkes.
GSK shares initially rose as much as 0.7 percent but slipped back to stand 0.3 percent lower by 1220 GMT.
Options trading in Mylan had been busy on Tuesday, although many investors appeared to believe Mylan was unlikely to win a green light this week.
Mylan's version of Advair would be the first complex inhaled combination generic product to be approved by the U.S. agency and a number of analysts believe the likelihood of an on-time approval is therefore quite low.
"With such a commercially important decision it was always likely that the approval process wasn't going to be straightforward," said Trinity Delta analyst Mick Cooper.
A second generic version of Advair from Hikma Pharmaceuticals is also awaiting an FDA approval decision by May 10. Hikma shares fell around 1 percent.
Dealing with the threat of competition to Advair, which has generated more than $1 billion in annual sales since 2001, is the first big challenge facing GSK's new CEO Walmsley.
GSK has told the market that core earnings per share, in constant currencies, will be flat to slightly lower in 2017, if substitutable Advair generics arrive in the United States by mid-year. If they don't launch, EPS should rise between 5 and 7 percent.
If generics do arrive by mid-2017, the company has forecast Advair's U.S. sales will be around 1 billion pounds ($1.24 billion), down from 1.83 billion in 2016.
GSK is not alone in worrying about generic Advair. Novartis' generics unit Sandoz, which is further behind in developing its form of Advair, has also tried to stall generics by taking issue with FDA rules governing such copies.
Some analysts said discussion over these so-called bioequivalence standards could be a factor delaying generic Advair.
(Editing by Louise Heavens)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Japan investors sell 13.4 bln euro of French bonds
* Worries about presidential election hit nerve
* Japanese investors hold 12 pct of French bonds
* For graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2pje6NR
By Hideyuki Sano
TOKYO, April 10 Japanese investors dumped a record amount of French bonds in February, rattled by the rising popularity of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the upcoming presidential election, data from the Ministry of Finance showed on Monday.
Japanese investors, who were major foreign buyers of French debt last year, sold 1.58 trillion yen (13.4 billion euros, $14.2 billion) of French bonds in February, surpassing a previous record of 1.25 trillion yen marked in June 2015.
"They are worried about the third surprise (after U.K referendum and U.S. Presidential election last year)," said Hideki Kishida, senior strategist at Nomura Securities.
While most investors see the chance of Le Pen winning as slim, risk-averse Japanese investors remain in no mood to stomach the chance of a victory, which could lead to a plunge in French debt prices.
French voters go the polls on April 23 and May 7 in the two-round election, which is being closely followed outside France as another test of popular discontent with traditional parties and institutions such as the European Union.
Le Pen's anti-European Union stance has prompted investors to price in various risks, including the possibility that French bonds may be redeemed in a new national currency, such as a resurrected franc, not the euro.
Such worries drove the premium investors demand for holding French bonds over benchmark German debts to around 0.84 percent in February, hitting the highest level since 2012. The yield spread now stands at around 0.66 percent, still well above the premium of around 0.3 percent seen six months ago.
Japanese investors had flocked to French bonds last year after the Bank of Japan introduced its deeply unpopular negative interest rate policy, which wiped out yields in Japanese bonds.
The appeal of French bonds stems from their high credit rating, higher yields compared to German bonds and deep market liquidity that allows investors to trade a large amount without affecting prices too much.
From January to October last year, Japanese investors bought 4.23 trillion yen of French bonds. Analysts estimate Japanese investors held 27 trillion yen of French bonds, about 12 percent of the entire market, at the end of last year.
While most investors are expected to stay on the sidelines ahead of the elections, there are some who think French bonds now offer an attractive investment opportunity.
"In the big picture, the global bond sell-off triggered by expectations about Trump's policy has come to an end," said Akira Takei, a fund manager at Asset Management One.
"The outcome of the French election is hard to tell ... but the French opinion polls show not many people support an exit from the euro."
($1 = 111.38 yen) (1 euro = 117.78 yen) (Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Sam Holmes)
JOHANNESBURG, April 13 South Africa's new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said on Thursday the government would not spend money it did not have "whatever the social pressures may be" and that he would tell investors at an IMF meeting in the U.S. next week that the economy was showing recovery signs.
ABUJA Nigeria is in talks to release the remaining captive Chibok girls, its president said on Thursday, a day before the third anniversary of the kidnapping of 276 schoolgirls by Islamist insurgents Boko Haram.
The kidnapping is one of the most infamous of Boko Haram's insurgency, now in its eighth year and with little sign of an end. More than 20 girls were released in October in a deal brokered by the International Red Cross. Others have escaped or been rescued but 195 are believed to be still in captivity.
"(The government) is in constant touch through negotiations, through local intelligence to secure the release of the remaining girls and other abducted persons unharmed," President Muhammadu Buhari said in a statement.
"We have reached out to their captors, through local and international intermediaries, and we are ever ready to do everything within our means to ensure the safe release of all the girls," he said.
Buhari's government has repeatedly promised to secure the release of the Chibok girls, and in October the president said efforts would be "redoubled".
At the time, the presidency also said Boko Haram was willing to negotiate the release of 83 more girls, though none have been let go so far, spurring criticism from campaign groups over the government's handling of the talks.
Although the Chibok girls are the most high-profile case -- triggering a worldwide social media campaign -- Boko Haram has kidnapped thousands of adults and children, many of whose cases are neglected, say aid organisations.
The use of kidnapped children as suicide bombers by the insurgents of Boko Haram has surged this year, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) said on Wednesday.
The militants have killed more than 20,000 people and displaced more than two million during their insurgency aimed at creating an Islamic caliphate in northeast Nigeria.
Despite the army saying the insurgency is on the run, large parts of northeast Nigeria, particularly in Borno state, remain under threat from Boko Haram. Suicide bombings and gun attacks have increased in the region since the end of the rainy season late last year.
(Reporting by Felix Onuah; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, April 12 Volkswagen AG's top U.S. executive said the German automaker plans to build another new sport utility vehicle at its Chattanooga, Tennessee plant as demand surges for larger vehicles.
The world's largest automaker said in 2014 it planned $900 million to build a new SUV in Tennessee and VW will start selling its new seven-seat VW Atlas SUV in May. VW Group of America chief executive Hinrich Woebcken told reporters at the New York auto show the automaker also plans to build a smaller five-seat SUV in Tennessee but he declined to say when production will begin. (Reporting by David Shepardson, Editing by Franklin Paul)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
(Adds strategist quote and details on Fed decision and updates prices) * Canadian dollar at C$1.3717, or 72.90 U.S. cents * Bond prices lower across the yield curve * 2-year spread vs Treasuries nears widest in 10 years By Fergal Smith TORONTO, May 3 The Canadian dollar weakened slightly against its U.S. counterpart on Wednesday, holding near 14-year lows, as the Federal Reserve's statement after its policy meeting triggered broader gains for the greenback. The U.S. dollar climbed against a basket of major currencies after the Fed left interest rates on hold but signaled it was still on track for two more hikes this year. "A Fed that looks through the weakness in Q1 (first quarter), they are still fairly optimistic, so I think that's really uplifting the U.S. dollar," said Jimmy Jean, senior economist at Desjardins. In contrast, recent strength in the Canadian economy has been overshadowed by U.S. tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber, a more uncertain outlook for the North American Free Trade Agreement and lower prices for oil, one of Canada's major exports. Also, the funding crisis at mortgage lender Home Capital may spark a welcome cooling in Canada's housing market and take pressure off the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates. "I still think the Canadian dollar has ways to go lower ... markets will remain anxious about the prospects for the Canadian economy," Jean said. At 4 p.m. EDT (2000 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3717 to the greenback, or 72.90 U.S. cents, down 0.1 percent. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3680 to C$1.3740. On Tuesday it had slumped to a fresh 14-month low at C$1.3758. Still, the Canadian dollar will weather a "perfect storm" to regain some ground over the coming months, a Reuters poll showed on Wednesday, as a pickup in the domestic economy could prod the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates by next year. U.S. crude oil futures settled up 16 cents at $47.82 a barrel after a volatile session as the market mulled U.S. crude inventory data. Canadian government bond prices were lower across the yield curve in sympathy with U.S. Treasuries, with the two-year down 4.5 Canadian cents to yield 0.702 percent and the 10-year falling 26 Canadian cents to yield 1.545 percent. Canada's 2-year yield fell 1.1 basis points further below its U.S. counterpart to a spread of -59.4 basis points, at nearly its widest spread in 10-years. Canada's trade report for March is due on Thursday, and the April employment report is due on Friday. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Sandra Maler)
A pile of one pound coins is seen in a photo illustration shot June 17, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Illustration/File Photo
LONDON Sterling climbed to its highest against the dollar since late September on Friday, brushing off data showing a sharp slowdown in UK economic growth as traders closed off heavy bets against the pound ahead of a long Bank Holiday weekend.
Numbers from the Office for National Statistics showed Britain's economy slowed to a one-year low in the first three months of 2017, as higher inflation - in large part caused by sterling weakness following last year's Brexit vote - hurt retailers and other consumer-focused businesses.
But sterling, which had already been trading up on the day before the data was published, showed little reaction, hitting a seven-month high of $1.2957 before paring some of those gains.
It was last up 0.3 percent on the day at $1.2945 by 1534 GMT.
"Basically, the bad number was more or less priced in," said CMC markets analyst Michael Hewson, who is bullish on sterling and thinks it could go up to $1.33 in coming weeks.
"This data doesn't include the March data which was actually slightly better ... so the likelihood is the data is going to get revised up."
Rabobank currency analyst Jane Foley attributed sterling's move upward to the fact that short positions on the pound were close to record highs, making "short squeezes" - when traders close out those positions, pushing up the value of the currency - more likely.
On the last trading day of April, the pound was up almost 3 percent versus the dollar on the month - its best performance since March 2016, before the vote for Brexit. Analysts have noted a trend of sterling appreciation in April, largely put down to a heavy month of dividend payments by British companies and the end of the UK tax year.
The pound is now down less than 14 percent against the dollar since last June's referendum on European Union membership, having fallen as much as 23.5 percent to a 31-year low of $1.1491 in October.
Sterling jumped as much as 4 U.S. cents last week when Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap election for June 8, with traders betting that if the ruling Conservatives can get a much bigger majority than their current 17, which is widely predicted in the polls, that will bring political stability.
Some analysts also reckon that a strong majority would strengthen the government's hand in its exit negotiations with the EU, thereby reducing the chances of a "hard Brexit" in which Britain loses any kind of preferential access to the European Single Market.
"The assumption that Britain's June election will deliver a clear victory for Theresa May and place Brexit negotiations on a firmer footing has fundamentally shifted attitudes towards the pound," said David Lamb, head of dealing at FEXCO Corporate Payments.
Despite the euro being boosted by better-than-expected inflation numbers, sterling edged up against the single currency, up 0.1 percent to 84.19 pence.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly and Ritvik Carvalho; Editing by Catherine Evans)
The company logo of China National Chemical Corp, or ChemChina, is seen at its headquarters in Beijing, China February 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
WASHINGTON The China National Chemical Corp, or ChemChina, has won U.S. antitrust approval to buy Switzerland's Syngenta AG on condition that it divest three products, the Federal Trade Commission said on Tuesday.
The $43 billion deal, which was announced in February 2016, was prompted by China's desire to use Syngenta's portfolio of top-tier chemicals and patent-protected seeds to improve domestic agricultural output.
To win approval from U.S. antitrust enforcers, the companies agreed to divest ChemChina's generic production of the herbicide paraquat, the insecticide abamectin used for citrus and tree nuts and the fungicide chlorothalonil, used for peanut and potato crops.
Syngenta owns the branded versions of the three products while ChemChina's subsidiary ADAMA sells generic versions to U.S. farmers. ChemChina has agreed to sell the generic businesses to AMVAC, a California-based company.
"Syngenta will continue to provide a high quality, broad portfolio of products and solutions to U.S. farmers," Syngenta spokesman Paul Minehart said in a statement.
Syngenta sells its products in more than 90 countries under such brand names as Acuron, Axial, Beacon and Callisto. It sells seeds such as cereals, corn, rice, soybeans and vegetables.
The deal with ChemChina has received approvals from 16 jurisdictions and is awaiting word from China, Europe, India and Mexico, Minehart said. European antitrust enforcers said they would reach a decision this month on whether they would allow the deal to go forward.The deal is one of several that is remaking the international market for agricultural chemicals, seeds and fertilizers. The trend toward market consolidation has triggered fears among farmers that the pipeline for new herbicides and pesticides might slow.
The other deals in the sector are a $130 billion proposed merger of Dow Chemical and DuPont and Bayer's plan to merge with Monsanto. On the fertilizer front, Potash Corp has announced plans to merge with Agrium Inc (AGU.TO).
(Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Peter Cooney and Chris Reese)
(Adds details, recasts)
By Umberto Bacchi
ROME, April 28 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The fall armyworm - which decimates fields as it marches ever forward - has spread to Angola as the caterpillar eats its way through southern Africa, a U.N. agency said.
With Angola the latest country affected, only Lesotho and island nations in the region have escaped the pest, which devours crops in its path, U.N. officials said. Its spread has undermined hopes for a better harvest this year, they added, with swathes of southern, eastern and western Africa infested.
"Now even Angola has confirmed (an outbreak)," said Joyce Mulila Mitti, a crop production and protection officer at the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations.
In a statement, the FAO said it carried out a joint mission with the government that detected the caterpillar in four municipalities of the southern province of Huila, one of the country's main maize producing areas.
Another pest, known as the maize stem borer, was found in a fifth municipality.
Overall, more than 19,000 hectares of maize, millet and sorghum crops were devastated, causing about $1.8 million in damages, it said, with small and medium size farmers affected most.
Native to North and South America, the caterpillar was first detected in Western Africa in 2016 and has since spread across sub-Saharan Africa, ravaging maize and other cereal crops.
In southern Africa, the invasion follows an El Nino-induced drought that scorched the region last year, leaving millions in need of food aid.
"The rainfall was better this season so we all expected a very good harvest. The outbreak of fall armyworm undermines what we expected would be a different story," Mulila Mitti said by phone from Nairobi, where the FAO is meeting to discuss the infestation.
Some countries with confirmed outbreaks have faced bans on exporting their agricultural products.
Over the past two months, the armyworm reached Kenya and Ethiopia, in eastern Africa, threatening to further affect food security in a region already struggling with widespread drought and hunger.
Small farmers often lack money or expertise to use pesticides effectively, said Mulila Mitti.
Experts in Nairobi said spotting the pest early - when it is still a larva - was key to prevention.
"We need to put in place effective surveillance systems and respond in time to confirmed outbreaks," Gabriel Rugalema, FAO country representative in Kenya, said in a statement.
The caterpillar can fly long distances, leading the United Nations to fear it could reach Asia and the Mediterranean in the next few years. (Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Lyndsay Griffiths. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
(Adds detail, updates prices) MELBOURNE, March 30 London copper slipped on Thursday in low-volume trade as the dollar held gains on brighter economic signals from the United States and traders waited for further U.S. and China economic cues for direction. With the U.S. economy having now "largely attained" a full recovery from recession, the Federal Reserve can raise interest rates three or more times this year, a centrist Fed policymaker said on Wednesday, helping support the dollar. "So far in today's Asian session, traders seem to have returned to selling but in very thin volumes, which could be no more than profit-taking. So, once again people will look to the European day for direction," said Malcolm Freeman of UK-based broker Kingdom Futures in a report. Cues for direction may come as soon as the final U.S. fourth-quarter growth numbers are announced later in the session, or when China's manufacturing figures are out on Friday, he said. * LME COPPER: London Metal Exchange copper had slipped 0.5 percent to $5,879.50 a tonne by 0742 GMT. That pared a 0.6-percent gain from the previous session, when prices hit their highest since March 20 at $5,927.50. * SHANGHAI COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper rose 0.4 percent to 47,460 yuan ($6,881) a tonne. * CHINA: China's economy, the world's second largest, will likely expand 6.8 percent in the first quarter of 2017, the official Xinhua agency quoted a government think-tank as saying. * CHINA PROPERTY: Moody's Investors Service warned that the financial risks facing China from a potential property downturn have grown as record lending has made banks more risk-prone while the government is less able to combat those risks. * ESCONDIDA: Chile's Escondida named a new president to run the BHP Billiton-operated mine on Thursday, days after the company failed to clinch a wage deal with workers after an historically long strike. * ZINC FEES: Korea Zinc Inc, the world's third-largest zinc smelter, has agreed to take a 15 percent drop in annual processing fees for 2017 as smelters grapple with a dearth of mine supply, Metal Bulletin reported. * LME ALUMINIUM: Metals traders have positioned for further rise in aluminium price, Kingdom Futures said, citing large scale options buying around the $2,000 strike. LME aluminium traded flat at $1960, having hit $1,963.50 earlier, its highest since May 2015. * MARKETS: Asian shares turned lower on Thursday after touching near two-year highs, while the dollar benefited from waning expectations that the European Central Bank was poised to end its easy policy. * COMING UP: 1230 U.S. GDP Final Q4 BASE METALS PRICES 0739 GMT Three month LME copper Most active ShFE copper Three month LME aluminium Most active ShFE aluminium Three month LME zinc Most active ShFE zinc Three month LME lead Most active ShFE lead Three month LME nickel Most active ShFE nickel Three month LME tin Most active ShFE tin BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LME/SHFE ZINC LME/SHFE LEAD LME/SHFE NICKEL (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Joseph Radford and Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
WASHINGTON: The US Senate on Thursday approved the nomination of investor Randal Quarles as a Federal Reserve Board governor in charge of banking oversight.
Advertisements
Quarles, 60, who served as undersecretary of the Treasury under former President George W Bush and previously worked in private equity, was confirmed by a vote of 65 to 32.
As a Fed governor, he will also sit on the Federal Open Market Committee, which sets US monetary policy.
As President Donald Trump's first Fed nominee, Quarles will oversee banking regulation at a time when the White House has sought to scrap many of the rules put in place following the 2008 financial meltdown.
The position was created in as part of Wall Street reforms enacted in 2010 but was never officially filled.
Former Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo, who stepped down earlier this year, had instead held responsibility for financial oversight.
Quarle has been critical of the regulatory burden imposed on larger banks deemed “too big to fail,” or so important to the financial system their failure would endanger the broader economy.
In particular, Quarles wrote in 2016 that raising banking reserve requirements was tantamount to raising the cost of borrowing.
With next week's departure of Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer, Trump will have three vacancies to fill at the central bank.
The Fed offered no reaction on Thursday to Quarles nomination. But in a news conference last month, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said she had had good interactions with Quarles and hoped he would be confirmed.
“I think it's very important to have a broad range of views around the table as we deliberate on policy actions,” Yellen said.
São Paulo (Reuters) - A Brazil-based spokeswoman for Boeing Co (BA.N) said on Friday that the structure of a potential tie-up with Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA) was “still being studied” and nothing about a possible partnership had yet been defined.
A Brazilian government source told Reuters on Friday that the latest proposal for a tie-up between the planemakers would include the creation of a third company, as the top economics correspondent at Globo TV first reported.
Singapore PM's brother says he fears authorities may stop him from leaving
SINGAPORE, June 15 Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's younger brother said on Thursday he fears the nation's authorities may stop him from leaving the country or take other action against him after he made a series of accusations against Lee.
QFES Assistant Commissioner Ewan Cayzer has been sacked after a lengthy investigation.
QFES Assistant Commissioner Ewan Cayzer has been sacked after a lengthy investigation. Chris Ison ROK120517cfire1
CENTRAL Queensland's highest ranking fireman has been stood down without explanation.
Assistant Commissioner for Central Region, Ewan Cayzer will end his career on Monday under a confidential agreement with Commissioner Katarina Carroll.
Ms Carroll would not comment on the reasons behind the decision except that an investigation had been launched into a workplace matter in September last year and Mr Cayzer was no longer employed or had a career with the department.
Assistant Commissioner Steve Barber has been relieving in the Central Region position since the investigation began and will continue in the role permanently.
Mr Cayzer spent 13 years with Queensland Fire and Emergency Services and before that, more than 20 years with Victoria's Country Fire Authority.
In 2016 he leads 28 crews into the New Zealand Gully bushfire.
He has not been stripped of any service awards.
April 3 Mosaic Capital Corp:
* Mosaic Capital Corporation reports annual 2016 financial results
* Qtrly revenue $197,184 versus $182,329
* Is well positioned to execute its strategic plan of diversified acquisitions in 2017 and beyond Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Adele has taken a "vow of silence" to ensure she's in perfect condition for her upcoming tour dates at Wembley Stadium.
The London-born singer is poised to play four dates at the iconic venue between June 28 and July 2, and in a bid to ensure her voice is in top-notch shape, she has vowed to remain silent for the next two weeks.
A source said: "Adele is planning a vow of silence to make sure her voice is in tip-top shape for Wembley.
"She wants to give fans the greatest performances ever for her end to the tour, especially being in front of her home crowd."
Advertisement
The 29-year-old star has been living on a anti-vampire diet - which involves drinking garlic juice every day - throughout her tour to protect her vocal chords.
And the 'Hello' hitmaker has even been restricted in the conversations she's had with her husband Simon Konecki and their four-year-old son Angelo.
The source told the Daily Star newspaper: "During her tour she was on a strident vocal lockdown regime for almost a year."
"Specialists didn't want her wearing out her voice in between gigs so she was restricted to only key conversations with husband Simon and son Angelo."
"However, since she played in March, she has been allowed to go back to her normal life. Her friends always felt she was a little chatterbox, so she has been back to her old ways recently, but for the finale she is adamant that it should be her masterpiece."
Adele previously suffered a vocal-cord haemorrhage in October 2011, which forced her to cancel two tours, as she needed an extended period of rest in order to recover.
Doctors warned the star that she risked permanent damage to her voice if she didn't rest and recuperate properly.
U.S. President Donald Trump waves as he boards Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews outside Washington, U.S., before traveling to Palm Beach, Florida for the Good Friday holiday/Easter weekend, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
FILE PHOTO: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks during a news conference after a two day Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting in Washington, U.S., March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas/File Photo
WASHINGTON At first glance, U.S. President Donald Trump and Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen may have little in common.
Yellen is an academic economist and veteran of Democratic administrations who is committed to an open global economy, while Trump is a real estate mogul with an electoral base suspicious of the economic order Yellen helped to create.
Yet the two may have interests in common now that Trump is president and both want to get as many Americans working as possible.
Since her appointment as Fed chair in February 2014, Yellen has kept interest rates low and she currently pledges to raise them only slowly even though unemployment, at 4.5 percent, is at its lowest in nearly ten years.
Meanwhile, Trump's election campaign promises to cut taxes, spend money on infrastructure and deregulate banking, have helped propel a surge in the U.S. Conference Board's consumer confidence index to its highest level since the internet stocks crash 16 years ago.
Former Fed staff and colleagues who know Yellen said Trump's surprising remarks this week in a Wall Street Journal interview, in which he did not rule out Yellen's reappointment to a new four year term next year, are not as outlandish as they may appear now that the president has a vested interest in keeping markets and the economy on an even keel.
And the same staff and colleagues say Yellen may well accept reappointment, despite Trump's criticism of her during last year's election campaign.
Many in Trump's Republican party have called for tighter monetary policy and a less activist Fed, but "the president would not really find that useful," said former Fed vice chair Donald Kohn.
If Trump fills three existing Federal Reserve board vacancies with people Yellen thinks she could work with, "it would be really difficult to turn down" a reappointment when her term as chair expires in February 2018.
"If she continues to do well, he'd be nuts to ditch her for an unknown quantity," said University of California, Berkeley, economics professor Andrew Rose, a long-time colleague and co-author with Yellen of an oft-cited study of labour markets.
Yellen took over from Ben Bernanke as Fed chair in February 2014 with the U.S. economic recovery from the 2008 financial crisis still on shaky ground, and she has made no secret she puts a priority on growth in jobs and wages and a broad recovery in U.S. household wealth.
In a slow return to more normal monetary policy, Yellen has stopped the purchase of additional financial securities by the Fed and in December 2015 began raising short term interest rates for the first time in 10 years.
So far those policy shifts have been engineered with little apparent impact on job growth, and so mesh with Trump's core election campaign promises to restore employment and earnings.
The slow rise in interest rates in the past year has also happened while U.S. stock prices have risen to record highs, though Trump has claimed the credit for himself.
PRECEDENT FOR FED CHAIR TO STAY ON
There is precedent for Trump to stick with a former president's Fed chair appointment. Paul Volcker, Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke, the three previous Fed chairs, served at least two four year terms and were nominated by both Democratic and Republican presidents.
However it may be a more difficult step for Trump.
During last year's election campaign, Trump accused Yellen of accepting orders from then President Obama to keep interest rates low for political reasons, and he said he would replace her as Fed chair because she is not a Republican party member.
In a particularly biting moment last year, in a campaign video advertisement, he labelled her as among the "global special interests" who had ruined life for middle America.
The Fed on Thursday said it had no response to Trump's comments published on Wednesday on Yellen and or on whether Yellen would consider a second term.
MUCH COULD STILL GO WRONG
Some of Trump's advisers and some Republican lawmakers want a more conservative Fed in which the chair has less power and would see a Yellen reappointment as yet another step away from his promise to "drain the swamp" of the Washington establishment.
There are also three current vacancies on the Fed's seven member Board of Governors, and unorthodox new members could make it difficult for Yellen to manage policy or accept another four year term.
But if the choice is her consensus style or someone unproven in their ability to manage public and market expectations, "he'd be wise to reappoint her," said Joseph Gagnon, a former Fed staffer and Berkeley colleague of Yellen's currently at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
"I don't see what is in his interests to appoint someone who is going to jack up interest rates."
(Reporting by Howard Schneider in Washington DC and Ann Saphir in San Fransisco; editing by Clive McKeef)
LONDON British stockbroker Panmure Gordon (PMR.L), subject of a 15.5 million pound bid by a group headed by former Barclays (BARC.L) boss Bob Diamond, said on Wednesday that its chief executive would step down when the deal completes.
Patric Johnson, who will leave the company after just over a year at the helm, is to be replaced by one of Diamond's old colleagues at Barclays, Ian Axe, the company said in a statement.
Axe, previously chief executive at LCH.Clearnet, held several positions at Barclays, including head of global operations.
The agreed bid for one of the City's oldest stockbroking firms by Diamond's investment company, Atlas Merchant Capital, and Qatari investment group QInvest is due to complete around June 20.
Panmure, which has weathered a tough period for the industry as regulatory costs rise and stock market listings sag, swung to a profit in 2016 and said first-quarter trading was in line with expectations.
(Reporting by Simon Jessop, Editing by Anjuli Davies)
(Repeats Feb. 1 story; no changes to text)
By Agnieszka Barteczko and Anna Koper
WARSAW, Feb 1 (Reuters) - Poland's biggest oil refiner, PKN Orlen, is looking at various electricity production projects, including nuclear, to benefit from an expected rise in power demand, the firm's vice-president Miroslaw Kochalski said.
Poland generates most of its electricity from coal, but is considering ways to replace it partially with cleaner sources in the long term. The energy ministry is working on a project to build Poland's first nuclear power plant by 2030, but has not yet presented a financing model.
The country's biggest power producer, PGE, is directly responsible for the nuclear plant plan, but its financial capabilities have weakened after it took over the local heating and power assets of France's EDF.
PKN, with its cash-generating capacities, could help make the plan more feasible.
“We are analysing all potential opportunities or projects not from a one- or two-year perspective, but at least 15-20 years,” Kochalski said in an interview.
“We are examining all possible projects which could fall under our strategy, naturally also including the nuclear power plant project,” Kochalski said.
PKN Orlen has two combined heating and power plants and also will offer electric car chargers at its petrol stations, but power production remains a relatively small part of its business, which is oil refining.
DIVERSIFICATION
Most of the oil PKN refines in Poland, Lithuania and the Czech Republic comes from Russia, but the company has taken steps to reduce that reliance.
In October the refiner received its first crude oil shipment from the United States, and it is also buying supplies from Saudi Aramco.
“We are the first company in Poland to have received an oil delivery from the U.S. after it lifted its export embargo. We did not have a bigger problem with refining it,” Kochalski said.
“I do not rule out that there will be more supplies from the United States. We also remain open for other delivery sources. For us, diversification is not a goal in itself. We use it as a tool for building a safe portfolio of commodities,” he added.
PKN Orlen's major oil suppliers remain Russia's Rosneft and Tatneft, and the Polish refiner is concerned with the deteriorating quality of Russian Urals crude.
“We have observed the change in Urals quality, mainly because of the increased sulphur content. This is a significant issue in the context of our future cooperation with Russian partners,” Kochalski said.
“If part of the parameters differs, then it opens room for negotiations with partners, also regarding price conditions.”
TAKEOVERS
PKN will likely retain a cautious approach to potential takeovers of upstream assets abroad due to high oil prices. However, the company will be looking for targets among petrol stations, especially in the Czech Republic and Germany, where it already owns 401 and 581 stations respectively.
“If the possibility of buying petrol stations in the Czech Republic or Germany comes up, then we absolutely have to analyse it,” Kochalski said.
Commenting on the possibility of a merger - speculated upon occasionally in the local media - between PKN and its smaller state-run rival Lotos, Kochalski said it is rare that two state-run refiners compete on one market.
“The owner's decision would have to be the basis for our actions regarding a potential merger with Lotos,” Kochalski said.
PKN also wants to take full control over Czech downstream group Unipetrol. PKN Orlen announced a tender in December offering 380 crowns per Unipetrol share. The deal, running Dec. 28 to Jan. 30, was conditional on acquiring at least 90 percent, the legal threshold allowing a forced buyout of remaining shares.
“Considering that we offered a price that was good for us and fair for the sellers, we hope that the shareholders who had declared they would sell their shares have upheld their decision,” Kochalski said.
He said the tender results would be known in a few days.
A flag bearing the logo of Samsung Electronics is pictured at its headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, November 29, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd has got permission from South Korean authorities to domestically test a driverless vehicle fitted with its electronic parts and software, as the tech giant aims to muscle into the automotive industry in search of a new growth driver.
The land ministry, in a statement issued on Monday, said the car is a modified version of a South Korean carmaker's vehicle using Samsung's own components such as cameras as well as its artificial intelligence software.
The firm plans to use the car to develop a self-driving algorithm capable of driving in adverse weather conditions and next-generation components for autonomous cars, the ministry said.
"We would like to clarify that the company has no plan to enter the car manufacturing business," Samsung told Reuters in a separate statement on Tuesday, adding the vehicle will further its development of "deep learning algorithms for autonomous operations".
Samsung has identified the auto industry as a new source of growth as the market for its key products such as smartphones matures. It completed the $8 billion acquisition of Harman International Industries earlier this year, a move that analysts say may help Samsung scale up quickly by taking control of an automotive parts maker with a proven track record.
It may take years for the auto industry to become a big enough business to rival its mainstay memory chip and smartphone operations, however. Samsung has not clinched any major supply agreements with carmakers yet.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
The safety of bottled water has been called into question.
The safety of bottled water has been called into question. DuxX
THE Australasian Bottled Water Institute, a division of the Australian Beverages Council, has come out in defence of Australian bottled water.
A spokesperson made the comments following reports of polymer particles in bottled water.
However, the ABWI says this occurred in overseas markets.
"The ABWI Model Code, to which all ABWI members subscribe, requires bottled and packaged water to be of the highest quality,” the statement said.
"To this end, members are audited annually to ensure these high standards are maintained.
"ABWI is aware of a research paper indicating the discovery of polymer particles in bottled water in certain overseas markets. The findings of the research do not relate to Australian products.”
According to the ABWI, bottled water must be strictly tested by a hydrogeologist to ensure its safety.
In 2017, Food Standards Australia and New Zealand, concluded a three-year project looking at chemicals migrating from packaging into food and drink.
The findings from that project determined the risk to public health and safety resulting from the chemicals migrating from packaging to food and drink is low.
Research on microplastics is still in the early stages, with further science on it emerging.
The ABWI says it is closely monitoring this research.
BRUSSELS, April 5 Europe's highest court on Wednesday said Bulgaria had breached limits for hazardous air pollutants, a ruling environmental group said would help in their efforts to force countries to take action over poor air quality.
The European Court of Justice said higher concentrations of particulate matter - small dust particles blamed for breathing problems and heart disease - recorded at several sites in Bulgaria from 2007 to 2014 showed severe breaches of EU clean air quality rules.
There were no fines attached to the ruling.
Apart from Bulgaria, the European Union executive has begun legal action against 15 countries over breaches of air quality standards, including particulate matter. The ECJ is currently reviewing a case against Poland.
The ruling, the first time the Court has endorsed EU air pollution rules, was seized upon by campaigners as a precedent for other cases.
"The Court of Justice has opened the door for major progress in Europe's fight for clean air and clarified that people's health comes first," Ugo Taddei, a lawyer for ClientEarth, said.
Bulgaria will now have to work with the European Commission to improve the situation.
The Commission has estimated premature deaths attributable to air pollution in 2013 at 13,700 in Bulgaria and around 400,000 in the EU as a whole. (Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek. Editing by Jane Merriman)
This Sunday, the United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County invites children ages 8 to 14 to come experience a one-of-a-kind football camp run by former Philadelphia Eagles and Cleveland Browns NFL player Chris Gocong, and 2013 Indians coaches Ron Conteras and Richard Frausto.
The free camp will be held from 1 to 3 p.m. at Carpinteria High School's Warrior Stadium, 4810 Foothill Road.
This is a one-day Combine Challenge that will showcase speed, strength, explosiveness, ability and skill.
This is a great opportunity for first-time players, as well as more seasoned athletes.
Parents are asked to come with their children to sign a waiver before the drills begin.
A registration table will be available for 2013 Indians Tackle Football and 2013 Warrior Football Camp. The first five sign-ups will receive a free membership ($40 value).
— Danielle Deltorchio is a publicist representing the United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County.
New procedure simplifies the process of issuing licenses and trade permits
End
-- UAE, 14 August 2017 - Driven by its vision of building a competitive economy that supports the digital transformation in Ajman, the Department of Economic Development – Ajman (DED-Ajman) has launched a new version of the new licensing and trade license model, reflecting its commitment to government integration as a key pillar for investment promotion. The move represents a strong impetus to align the new model with Ajman's digital corporate identity, which aims to enhance the harmony between government departments in line with the objectives of Ajman Vision 2021 to create a distinguished government that is matched by changing times and market competitiveness. Licenses and permits are now available in both Arabic and English, having previously been only available in Arabic only.The new procedure simplifies the process of issuing licenses and trade permits by reducing the number of steps taken to obtain them. In addition, a watermark was added to issued licenses to increase safety and tackle fraud. Licenses are also now being issued with a QR code, to streamline the process of obtaining information regarding the license, once it is scanned. All license and trade permit data are stored electronically to ensure that they are not tampered with. This new technology helps government agencies verify the validity of the license, and integrate the data with ease, as well as banks and private sector companies, enabling them to obtain more accurate information on commercial licenses, thereby increasing their confidence.DED also added a barcode to the licenses and trade permits being issued to streamline transactions by shortening the time required to complete the procedure by not entering the same data each time the procedure requires it, while avoiding human errors that may occur when entering the information into the database. The new addition reflects the quality of service offered by DED, streamlining procedures efficiently and with ease.Saud Al Shammari, Director of Registration Department of Economic and Licenses, noted that Ajman DED is committed to enhancing government services and streamlining procedures to increase the efficiency of transactions and processes in line with the strategic goals of the "Digital Transforming Plan 2017-2022". Al Shammari emphasized that the move adheres to Ajman DED's framework for developing mechanisms to facilitate business transactions, to meet the needs of the community and support Ajman as a hub for business.The new procedure also contributes towards the modernization of service agent and business contracts, and has been implemented to enhance the efficiency of issuing, renewing, or modifying commercial licenses.Through the new procedure, contract data will be entered and printed by the system – a step that was previously conducted manually. Once the license data is scanned, the information is automatically placed into the system to aid in the issuance of licenses. This procedure once required a number of steps to be accomplished, but can now be done in a more efficient and timely manner.Yaqoub Yousuf Rasheed, Director of IT Department, commented: "The launch of the new format for the issuance of licenses and trade permits comes in line with the Ajman Government's Digital Transformation Plan to facilitate customers by providing services in more efficient, easy and reliable ways. We did a comprehensive study and in-depth analysis of the traditional economic document format, and then turn it into a smart document that will facilitate the client's procedures and the procedures of the Department of Control and Consumer Protection during the inspection campaigns.In the process of intelligent transformation, we are keen to match best practices globally by adopting the bar code and the QR code, which is currently applied to all documents issued by the Department of Economic Development, Through the introduction of digital automation and the improvement of the level of smart services in cooperation with Ajman Digital Government, supporting the Department's drive to enhance the ease of doing business to drive Ajman's drive towards leadership and competitiveness. "Ajman-DED's Information Technology Department intends to launch and implement a series of quality projects—initially starting with launch of 50 eServices in 2017, which is running on schedule with the launch of 12 service in the beginning of 2017. Over the next few months, an average of 12 services per service pack will be announced—these include the Single Window project; the Ajman Transport Corporation will be connected before the end of this year; the modernization of the DED application on phones; the unveiling of a service package every 100 days, in cooperation with Ajman's digital government; the adoption of an authorized agent system and the start of the provision of automatic renewal of economic licenses electronically.
* Sunderland drew 2-2 at home to West Ham
* Andre Ayew scored early on for West Ham
* Wahbi Khazri levelled direct from a corner
* James Collins headed West Ham back in front
* Fabio Borini equalised late on for Sunderland
* Sunderland at Middlesbrough next, West Ham host Everton
SUNDERLAND 2 WEST HAM UNITED 2
April 15 Bottom club Sunderland ended their seven-match scoring drought but slipped closer to relegation after a 2-2 home draw with West Ham United on Saturday.
Wahbi Khazri equalised for Sunderland direct from a corner in the 29th minute as the hosts recovered from falling behind to Andre Ayew's fifth-minute opener for the visitors.
A seventh defeat in eight league games loomed for Sunderland when James Collins headed past Jordan Pickford immediately after the restart but there was some late joy for the hosts.
Former Liverpool player Fabio Borini had only just taken to the field to replace Billy Jones when he fired in low past West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph.
West Ham, with 37 points, are virtually safe but Sunderland, with only two points from their last eight games, remain nine points short of safety with six games left. (Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis)
Coagulation disorder is a condition that affects the way blood normally clots. This clotting process is generally known as coagulation. For the blood to clot, the body requires certain proteins called clotting factors and blood cells called platelets. Normally, at the site of injured or damaged blood vessels, the clotting factors come together and form a fibrin clot. The clot helps in keeping the platelets in place and prevents the blood from flowing out. In people with coagulation disorders, the platelets or clotting factors don't work the way they should or there's a deficiency of clotting factors or platelets. When the blood doesn't coagulate, it can lead to excessive or prolonged bleeding. Absence of the required number of platelets and clotting factors can also lead to sudden bleeding in the joints, muscles or other parts of the body. Majority of the coagulation disorders are inherited. However, some of the coagulation disorders may develop as a result of other medical conditions such as liver disease. Some of the common types of coagulation disorders are hemophilia A, hemophilia B, and Von Willebrand's disease. The diagnosis requires various blood tests to be conducted such as Complete Blood Count (CBC) test and bleeding time test. The treatment of coagulation disorders vary depending on the type of bleeding and its severity. Though the treatment cannot cure coagulation disorders, they can help relieve the symptoms associated with it.
Factors Driving and Restraining the Coagulation Disorders Market
Government initiatives and an increase in healthcare expenditure have improved the quality of healthcare services. This has increase the demand for coagulation disorder test kits and treatments. Increase in the geriatric population will further drive the growth of coagulation disorders market. Increase in population has spurred the demand for diagnostic tests and treatments, this has spurred the growth of coagulation disorders market. However, high costs and risks associated with treatment and tests may have a negative impact on the coagulation disorders market. With technological advances these risks can be minimized. Stringent government regulations may also restrain the growth of coagulation disorders market.
Regional Outlook
The global market for coagulation disorders is segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Japan, and Middle East & Africa. North America leads the coagulation disorders market. Increasing number of coagulation disorder cases and high adoption rate for various tests and treatment are attributed to North America's high market share. Northern Europe is the second large market for coagulation disorders. A steady rise in the demand for test kits and treatments have accelerated the growth of coagulation disorders in Eastern Europe. A surge in the number of coagulation disorder cases and increase in demand for various treatments fuel the growth of coagulation disorders market in Asia Pacific.
Competition Outlook
Examples of some of the key players in the coagulation disorders market are Bio-Rad Laboratories, Hoffman-La Roche Ltd., Griflos S.A., Abbott, Becton Dickinson, B Braun, Fresenius Kabi, Haemonetics Corporation, Immucor, Kidde-Fenwal and Macopharma,Quotient Limited, NOW Foods, Pure Micronutrients, Bayer AG, Nature's Bounty Co., Sundown Naturals, Shaklee Corporation, MegaFood, Solgar Inc., Helena Laboratories, VitroScient, Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech, AB ANALITICA s.r.l. and Randox Laboratories
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6888
Research Methodology
FMI utilizes a triangulation methodology that is primarily based on overall expenditure on life science research and R&D funding and capital equipment installed base to obtain precise market estimations and insights on life science and biotechnology associated products, technologies, applications and services. Bottom-up approach is always used to obtain insightful data for the specific country/regions. The country-specific data is again analysed to derive data at a global level. This methodology ensures high quality and accuracy of information.
Secondary research is used at the initial phase to identify the feasibility of the target products/technology categories and its respective segments, product and service offerings, equipment installed base in end use facilities, adoption rate and future impact of new technologies. Additionally, per capita consumption of kits, reagents and consumables among end users is tracked at a granular level to obtain the most accurate information. Each piece of information is eventually analysed during the entire research project which builds a strong base for the primary research information.
Primary research participants include demand-side respondents such as laboratory managers, procurement managers, research supervisors at academic and research institutes, as well as key opinion leaders in addition to supply-side respondents such as equipment and reagent manufacturers, custom solution and service providers who provide valuable insights on trends, research application of products and technologies, purchasing patterns, services offered and associated pricing.
Quantitative and qualitative assessment of basic factors driving demand, economic factors/cycles and growth rates and strategies utilized by key players in the market is analysed in detail while forecasting, in order to project year-on-year growth rates. These Y-o-Y growth projections are checked and aligned as per associated industry/product lifecycles and further utilized to develop market numbers at a holistic level.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6888
On the other hand, we also analyse annual reports of various companies, investor presentations, SEC filings, 10k reports and earning call transcripts operating in the market to fetch substantial information about the market size, trends, opportunity, drivers, restraints and to analyse key players and their market shares. Key companies are segmented at tier-level based on their revenues, product portfolio and presence.
Please note that these are the partial steps that are being followed while developing the market size. Besides this, forecasting will be done based on our internal proprietary model which also uses different macro-economic factors such as overall life science research expenditure, R&D funding, industry based demand driving factors impacting the market and its forecast trends apart from other macroeconomic factors.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Have You Been 'Pwned' in a Hack Attack? Troy Hunt Can Tell
Troy Hunt has collected a trove of 4.8 billion stolen identity records pulled from the darkest corners of the internet -- but he isn't a hacker.
Instead, he uses that repository to help ordinary people navigate the growing scourge of the corporate data breach. All that personal information was originally taken from brand-name services such as LinkedIn, Kickstarter, Dropbox, MySpace and the cheating website Ashley Madison, and later assembled by Hunt.
Working barefoot and in beachwear from his home office on Australia's Gold Coast, the amiable security researcher set up his irreverent website, "Have I Been Pwned?" (POHND), in 2013. Millions of people have since used the free service to see if hackers have liberated their personal details from unwary companies and posted them online.
Along the way, Hunt has become a close student of data breaches and the slipshod security that makes many companies easy prey for attackers. He's exposed several such thefts himself, in some cases identifying them before the companies themselves did.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones declared himself 'content' by his side's 1-1 draw at Mansfield Town this afternoon.
Luton had fallen behind in the first half to Alfie Potter's volley, before levelling five minutes in the second period through Danny Hylton's 26th goal of the season from the penalty spot.
Although the result meant Town could no longer achieve automatic promotion this season, with Plymouth and Portsmouth joining Doncaster in going up, when asked for his thoughts on the outcome, Jones said: “I think content is the word. I'm not really happy as we came, we wanted three points, but in terms of the scale of the game and what it means, I think a point is pretty much a fair result and it's not a bad point.”
Although Hatters barely threatened home keeper Jake Kean in a low key first half, Jones refuted the suggestion that his side had been below bar.
He continued: “I think that would be a bit harsh. We negated them to literally set-plays, that was it.
“They had no other threat apart from set plays and we negated that as we controlled the ball, we didn't go back to front and allow them to get any head of steam up.
“The frustrating thing was we conceded from being sloppy from a set play again. Second ball, ball comes out, no-one's marking on the edge of the box, people let a runner go and that's frustrating.
“As it doesn't matter how much work you do, that's just a discipline. But apart from that, I didn't feel we were under any real, real pressure.
“We know they're going to knock balls long, so it seems like you're under a bit of pressure, but all they do is knock balls long, try and fight, try and get on second balls.
“We negated that and I can't remember them creating much apart from late on where they just put it in the box.
“So it was quite a controlled performance. I thought second half we were the better ones, but first half, just never really had a killer instinct about us really.”
The closest Town came in the opening period was a back header from home defender Rhys Bennett which required a sprawling stop from his own keeper, as Jones was disappointed by their lack of a goal threat.
He said: "We got in real good areas and that's what we said at half time, we need a bit more of a ruthless streak.
"As we counter attacked really well, Danny (Hylton) had one, but he wanted to take an extra touch. They want to score perfect goals, instead of sometimes just pulling the trigger.
"Apart from Cameron McGeehan, we don't score from outside the box, because they don't want to pull the trigger and sometimes it looks wonderful, but we just want to win football matches.
"That's probably the only thing. We looked solid, we competed, these are a very physical front foot, energetic side, but we're a good side. We don't get beaten much, we just probably needed to have a bit more killer instinct first half, but I was pleased with the second half."
The result kept Hatters in fourth place, as although their gap to eighth was cut to four points, Jones still felt they were in a strong position with three games to go.
He added: “It was important not to lose the game today, in terms of not to be three points off (eighth).
“So it's a decent point. These are flying in terms of how they are and their energy.
“They have a manager who drives them on, so we knew it was a dangerous game to come in today, but I thought we acquitted ourselves fantastically well apart from one lapse in concentration, thought we deserved what we got.”
March 30 Dell Technologies Inc:
* Dell technologies reports fiscal year 2017 fourth quarter and full year financial results
* Quarterly net revenue $20.07 billion versus $12.68 billion
* Quarterly earnings per share attributable to class V common stock from continuing operations $0.64
* Says during quarter, company generated an operating loss of $1.7 billion, with a non-GAAP operating income of $1.8 billion
* Board approved amendment to existing class V group repurchase program for up to an additional $300 million over six months
* Says amount for class V group repurchase program will be funded solely through new VMWare class a stock purchase agreement with VMWare Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Giza Criminal Court, headed by judge Moataz Khafaji, renewed on Sunday the detention of Muslim Brotherhood businessman Hassan Malek for 45 days on charges of harming the economy.
Malek was arrested in October 2015 on charges of withholding foreign currency to smuggle it out of the country, in order to increase the US dollar crisis. He is also accused of leading an illegal group with the intention to oppose state institutions.
The State Security Prosecution also charged Malek with organising meetings with Brotherhood members abroad in order to destabilise the Egyptian economy.
Following the ouster of former president Mohamed Morsi, several Brotherhood members were depicted as the main cause behind several crises. A Brotherhood spokesperson previously told Daily News Egypt that the state is attempting to hide its failure by accusing “revolutionaries” of all charges.
Malek was sentenced to prison in a military trial in 2006 prior to the 25 January Revolution; however, he was pardoned and released in 2011. All his assets were unfrozen a year following the revolution as the army strengthened its relation with the Islamists who took power in 2012.
Also in 1992, Malek was sentenced to one year in prison in a corruption charge that involved his technology company.
COLOMBO: The Maldivian opposition on Saturday accused President Abdulla Yameen of resisting local and international pressure to comply with a landmark Supreme Court order to free nine political prisoners. Colombo-based MDP spokesman Hamid Abdul Ghafoor said on Saturday morning that “although Yameen has said he will abide by the ruling, he is yet to comply with the order delivered more than 36 hours ago.” The court on Thursday night said that cases against the nine dissidents, including former president Mohamed Nasheed, were politically motivated and asked the government to release them immediately. It also ordered the reinstatement of 12 legislators who were expelled for defecting, and effectively gave the opposition a majority in the 85-member assembly. In a statement issued overnight, the joint opposition, which includes Nasheed's MDP, said it feared the regime would ignore the release order and that it would trigger further unrest in the nation of 340,000 Sunni Muslims.
AFP
U.S. Representative Mark Walker (R-NC) walks into a Speaker's office on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON U.S. Representative Mark Walker said after a meeting of House Republicans on a revamped healthcare bill on Tuesday night that they made good progress on the issue of high-risk pools for people with pre-existing conditions.
Walker, who is chairman of the Republican Study Committee, told reporters more discussions on other sticking points in the legislation would be held on Wednesday.
(Reporting by David Morgan; Writing by Eric Beech; Editing by Paul Tait)
LONDON Everton will target a first victory over Liverpool in nearly seven years on Saturday knowing that if they succeed an unlikely pursuit of a top-four finish might start to be taken seriously.
Spurred by Romelu Lukaku's goals, Ronald Koeman's side have closed steadily on the battle for Champions and Europa League qualification and victory in Saturday's early kickoff at Anfield would, temporarily at least, lift them into fifth spot.
Defeat, on the other hand, would leave them isolated in seventh and struggling to catch the teams above them.
Everton were beaten 1-0 at Goodison Park earlier this season when Sadio Mane's stoppage-time goal ensured bragging rights remained in the red half of Merseyside.
Liverpool won the corresponding fixture 4-0 last season and Everton have to rewind all the way back to October 2010 for their last win over their arch-rivals, a 2-0 victory at Goodison.
Their last win at Anfield came in a feisty affair in 1999 when Kevin Campbell scored the winner and three players, including Liverpool's Steven Gerrard, were sent off.
Hardly the kind of run to inspire much hope but Koeman's side have lost only one of their last 12 Premier Leagues games compared to Liverpool's rather up-and-down form which has seen them win only three of their last 10.
Both sides were dealt blows in the build-up to the 228th Merseyside derby with Everton defender Seamus Coleman breaking his leg during Ireland's World Cup qualifier against Wales.
Liverpool will also be missing Adam Lallana after he suffered a thigh injury playing for England and manager Juergen Klopp will be sweating on the return of Roberto Firmino and Philippe Coutinho from international duty with Brazil.
Fourth-placed Liverpool are six points above Everton, having both played 29 games -- two more than the sides separating them Arsenal and Manchester United.
Arsenal, level on 50 points with Everton after four defeats in five games host third-placed Manchester City on Sunday with their hopes of a 21st consecutive top-four finish in peril.
While Arsenal are looking over their shoulders, Jose Mourinho's United, who have 52 points, host West Bromwich Albion and are looking up after going 18 matches unbeaten in the league.
While the teams below them jostle for positions Chelsea's title march has been relentless and the Blues can tick off another three points with victory over Crystal Palace.
Tottenham Hotspur, 10 points behind Antonio Conte's side in second place, have not given up the chase but three points at a Burnley side who have won nine of 14 at Turf Moor will be paramount if they are to maintain their lingering hopes.
At the other end of the table Swansea City host second-from-bottom Middlesbrough on Sunday while on Saturday Jermain Defoe, fresh from scoring on his international return with England, returns to the thankless task of trying to fire Sunderland off the foot of the table away at Watford.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis)
April 28 Synchrony Financial
* Synchrony financial reports first quarter net earnings of $499 million or $0.61 per diluted share
* Q1 earnings per share $0.61
* Synchrony financial - net interest income increased 12% from q1 of 2016 to $3.6 billion
* Qtrly net interest income increased 12% from q1 of 2016 to $3.6 billion
* Qtrly net interest margin increased 34 basis points to 16.18%.
* Qtrly net charge-offs as a percentage of total average loan receivables were 5.33% compared to 4.74% last year.
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.73 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI, April 13 Stock markets in the Gulf erased some of the previous session's gains in early trade on Monday as some of the optimism generated by generally positive first quarter results faded.
Saudi Arabia's index was down 0.1 percent, after rising 0.9 percent on Wednesday on the back of banking shares after Saudi British Bank reported an earnings beat.
The positive mood failed to keep markets afloat even after another lender, Banque Saudi Fransi, reported first-quarter results ahead of estimates after Wednesday's market close.
Fransi's shares fell 1.9 percent and its peers were also trading lower. National Commercial Bank fell 1.3 percent.
Dubai's index was down 0.2 percent with a little under half of the traded shares declining.
Shares of second- and third-tier companies, often traded by local day traders, were some of the top losers. Loss-making builder Arabtec was down 1.3 percent and investment bank Shuaa Capital fell 1.2 percent.
Dubai Islamic Bank bucked the trend and was up 0.7 percent. Shares of the largest Islamic bank in Dubai have been positive since it reported modest growth in first quarter net profit earlier this week.
In Abu Dhabi, real estate shares were the main drag on the index, which was down 0.4 percent. Heavyweight Aldar Properties fell 0.9 percent and RAK Properties lost 1.6 percent. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; editing by John Stonestreet)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Imperial Brands (IMB.L), the world's fourth-biggest tobacco company, repeated its full-year forecast on Thursday, saying first-half performance was on track to meet expectations, helped by foreign exchange gains.
The maker of Winston, Gauloises and other cigarette brands said revenue and earnings per share were expected to be up strongly for the six months ending March 31, driven by a 13 to 14 percentage point benefit from currency translation.
However, at constant currency rates, Imperial said it expected lower revenue and profit in the first half, hurt by the phasing in of a 300 million pound investment plan and a deterioration in industry sales volumes, as previously guided.
Jefferies analysts said it would have been a big shock if Imperial had not stood by its forecast, given that it had already called for a particularly weak period, with organic earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) down by a high single-digit rate.
"To miss this would have raised serious questions," they said, adding that Imperial's current share price does not factor in the success of its new strategy and investment. Imperial said early results of its investment programme were "encouraging" with improved market share trends in many markets.
"We also see an increasing probability of a take-out over the next 12 months," Jefferies said.
Imperial has long been seen as a target, particularly for Japan Tobacco International (2914.T). British American Tobacco's (BATS.L) recent deal to take over Reynolds American (RAI.N) in the United States has reignited speculation about further industry consolidation.
(Reporting by Martinne Geller in London and Esha Vaish in Bengaluru, editing by David Evans and Susan Thomas)
SINGAPORE, April 6 (IFR) - City Developments is today marketing the first Green bond offering in Singapore.
The property company is offering a Singapore dollar two-year Green bond indicated at a 1.98 percent coupon, with pricing expected later today.
The unrated bond is secured against Republic Plaza, which has scored a green mark platinum from Singapore's state agency Building and Construction Authority. The office complex is located in the heart of financial and commercial district Raffles Place.
This is the first time that a Green bond is being offered in the Singapore dollar bond market, offering a test of local investor appetite for this type of asset.
Under one of the financial covenants, CDL is required to maintain a net worth of not less than S$240 million ($171 million).
Proceeds are for the repayment of a loan extended by City Developments to issuer CDL Properties. The loan was used to retrofit and upgrade the office building to maintain the green mark platinum level.
DBS is sole bookrunner and structuring adviser, with Sustainalytics providing second party opinion. KPMG was the independent limited assurance provider. (Reporting by Kit Yin Boey; Editing by Vincent Baby and Daniel Stanton)
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Kendrick Lamar accepted his 2018 Pulitzer Prize for Music on Wednesday (May 30) in a ceremony held at Columbia University in New York.
Lamar, who won the award for his album DAMN., is the first rapper to win the award. In fact, DAMN. is the first piece of non-classical or jazz music to win a Pulitzer prize in this category.
Kendrick even received a standing ovation during the ceremony, according to reports.
“It's an honor," he said during his acceptance speech. "Been writing my whole life, so to get this type of recognition, it's beautiful.”The prize committee also had high praise for the album.
"(DAMN. is a) virtuosic song collection unified by its vernacular authenticity and rhythmic dynamism that offers affecting vignettes capturing the complexity of modern African-American life," the Pulitzer Prize committee said.
The album won multiple GRAMMY awards earlier this year, including Best Rap Album.
Congrats, Kendrick!
BERLIN, April 28 German airlines will scrap by June 1 a rule that two people must be in the cockpit of a plane at all times, introduced after the Germanwings crash of March 2015, the BDL airline association said on Friday.
Investigators believe Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit after he left to use the bathroom and deliberately flew the A320 jet into a mountainside in the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.
After the crash, Europe's aviation safety authority EASA imposed a rule that two crew members should be in the cockpit at all times, meaning that if one of the pilots needed to step out, a member of the cabin crew should step in.
EASA relaxed the requirement last year, saying it was up to airlines to carry out their own risk assessment.
The BDL said German airlines had independently come to the same conclusion - that the two-person cockpit rule did not increase safety but could rather create other risks, for example due to the door being open for longer to let crew in and out.
It highlighted figures showing there was a greater risk of airliners being hijacked than deliberately crashed, with more than 1,000 cases to date, compared with four suicides.
The change came after new Europe-wide rules were introduced regarding mental health screening and monitoring of pilots, designed to reduce the risk of an event similar to the Germanwings crash occurring.
Germany's biggest airline Lufthansa confirmed it would lift the two-person cockpit rule across all of its subsidiaries, including Swiss, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines and Eurowings by June 1.
A spokesman for UK-listed tour operator Thomas Cook Group , which owns German airline Condor, said the new policy would apply to all four airlines within its group, including those in the UK, Belgium and Scandinavia, by May 15.
Ryanair said its two-person cockpit rule remained in place. EasyJet, the first airline to introduce the rule after the crash, had no immediate comment.
British Airways said it would not comment on its policy for reasons of security. (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; editing by Mark Heinrich)
MADRID, April 3 The growth rate in Spain's manufacturing sector eased in March, a poll showed on Monday, as factory output, new orders and employment expanded at a slower pace than in previous months.
Markit's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) of manufacturing companies stood at 53.9 in March, down from 54.8 in February. That marked the 40th straight month the index was above the 50 line separating growth from contraction.
"While the Spanish manufacturing sector remained in growth territory during March, rates of expansion in both output and new orders eased for the third month running, thereby suggesting some loss of momentum during the first quarter of the year," economist at Markit, Andrew Harker, said.
The slower rate of expansion could reflect an impact from rising inflationary pressures as both input costs and output prices rose at rates rarely seen in the last six years, Harker said.
Spanish EU-harmonised consumer prices rose at their fastest in four years in early 2017, but the rate slowed in March, to a lower-than-expected 2.1 percent as the inflationary effects of high oil and energy prices wore off.
Spain's economy is expected to see growth equal to, or more than, it registered at the end of 2016 in the first quarter on strong domestic consumption and exports.
Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a licence.
To subscribe to the full data, click on the link below: www.markit.com/Contact-Us
For further information, please phone Markit on +44 20 7260 2454 or email economics@markit.com
Most of the companies often participate in the exhibitions and events to enhance their brand image in the public. These events give the companies a chance to directly interact with their business associates or the customers to have first- hand feedback about their products. But to create a positive image and mingle with the clients and customers the company require experienced exhibition hosts or event promoters who understand their job and make your presence a grand success in the exhibition or the event. Though companies have their own employees to participate in an event it is only expert hosts, trade show models, registration hostess, and moderator etc who can actually do 100% justice to their job. To find the best trade show models or event hosts the companies often rely on the recruitment agencies for hiring the temporary staff. But this is an expensive option as the recruitment agencies have limited database and also charge a hefty fee for their services. To overcome these hassles the companies can now look out for online event staffing agency, Professionate that offers a common platform for both the companies and the aspirants interested in the temporary jobs to meet each other's requirement.
The companies can simply register on the portal and have access to a huge data base as Professionate has their presence across the world and can help you find suitable candidates for hosting your exhibition or events anywhere and anytime. The companies can have access to thousands of profiles that they can go through not only the images of the candidates but also their ratings and reviews given by other employers who have hired their services. This makes the job easy for the companies to choose the best candidate that fits for their job profile. The recruitment agencies can also take advantage of the online event staffing agency portal as they can access more profiles to submit for their clients. Similarly, the candidates who are looking out for temporary jobs can post their profiles on the portal for the companies to notice and can also directly go through the available vacancies by browsing the portal and find out the jobs that suit to their interests to apply for them. The candidates no longer have to run behind the recruitment agencies but with a single upload of their profile can be seen by many companies who are looking for the right candidate suitable to host exhibition or work as trade show models.
Plan your special event or conference in Dubai? Here you can get best hostess agency dubai. We have a reliable and professional team to host your event or conference and gives guarantee the success of your event with professional hosting and promotion services from our event staffing agency @ http://www.professionate.com/
Contact Address:
Professionate
Dubai
110001
United Arab Emirates
+49 151 66458197
A boiler explosion at a cardboard box plant in St. Louis on Monday killed three people and injured four more, fire officials said.
The blast at Loy-Lange Box Company sent part of the boiler crashing into a nearby building housing a linen laundry service, according to local Fox News affiliate KTVI.
Two of the injured were listed in critical condition and transported for treatment by emergency medical services, the St. Louis Fire Department said on Twitter. Two others suffered non-life threatening injuries.
One of those killed was a box factory employee, and two of the dead worked at the linen service, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported, citing fire officials.
The Loy-Lange Box Company could not be immediately be reached for comment.
The company, founded in 1897, produces corrugated cardboard boxes as well as product displays, according to its website.
(Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago Editing by W Simon)
(Updates with rand turning weaker)
JOHANNESBURG, April 5 South Africa's rand and government bonds weakened on Wednesday, giving up earlier gains, after the ruling African National Congress Party (ANC) rejected calls for President Jacob Zuma to quit.
Zuma's decision last week to fire a respected finance minister rattled markets and led to the country's debt being downgraded to junk status by S&P Global Ratings.
The rand firmed in earlier trade over mounting calls for Zuma to step down from unions, religious leaders, civil society and the opposition.
But the ANC rejected the calls, and at 0943 GMT, the rand traded at 13.8000 per dollar, 1.25 percent weaker from Tuesday's close.
The yield for the benchmark government bond due in 2026 rose 7 basis points to 8.985 percent. (Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo, editing by Larry King)
LONDON, April 6 Ryanair will start offering connecting flights later this month, a senior executive said on Thursday, marking a break from its traditional point-to-point model as it looks to appeal to a broader spread of customers.
The Irish airline rose to become Europe's largest airline by passenger numbers by running a bare-bones operation shunning transfers due to their complexity and the risk they would keep planes on the ground for too long.
Chief Executive Michael O'Leary dropped his opposition in 2015 and said the airline would look to trial transfers as part of plans to expand beyond its traditional customer base.
Ryanair will roll out connections, initially between its own flights, at the end of April at Rome's Fiumicino Airport, Chief Marketing Officer Kenny Jacobs said on Thursday. This would allow for example a journey from Dublin to Palermo, Sicily, which has no direct service, the company said.
"We'll start with Fiumicino, we'll start at the end of April, then other bases will follow, and this will be something that will be available across the network," Jacobs said.
"I think that this is going to be a big advantage given our network, it'll be a big advantage for Ryanair getting more of the business travel market in Europe," he added.
Ryanair did not previously offer transfers for a number of reasons, including concerns that waiting for passengers and bags from connecting flights could delay take-offs and undermine the 25-minute turnaround that is key part of its business model.
It has also balked at the idea of compensating passengers for missed connections and taking responsibility for accommodating those waiting for the next available flight.
“It's going to be a big deal for us," said Jacobs. "It's a big deal for any low-cost airline, but it's something that customers absolutely will love. It happens today informally through customers just doing their own version of self-connecting ... but this will allow you to do that direct."
Jacobs said the logistics of flight connections had been worked out, but did not give details. He said integration of IT systems was the only thing holding it back from offering connections to other airlines.
In January O'Leary said Ryanair hoped to start offering connections to long-haul flights from Norwegian Air Shuttle and Aer Lingus from May, but Jacobs said that was more likely be from September.
(Writing by Conor Humphries; Editing by David Holmes)
ELLSWORTH — Diners in the area have long desired an Italian restaurant in Ellsworth, and last week their wish came true with the opening of Primavera Restaurant on High Street.
Primavera, owned by the owners of nearby Shinbashi restaurant, occupies the building that was formerly home to Jasper's. It has undergone a dramatic transformation, both inside and out, since the new owners purchased it earlier this year.
General Manager Virginia Moscato, who was also general manager at Jasper's for 18 years, said Primavera's menu includes dishes such as chicken marsala, spaghetti and homemade meatballs and homemade tiramisu for dessert.
There is also fresh seafood including halibut, lobster and fried clams, as well as steak choices including prime rib and filet mignon.
Marty Sherwood is the head chef, assisted by Luigi Pacelli. Moscato said both are very experienced. Jennifer Cross, meanwhile, is manager for the inn portion of Primavera, which was formerly Jasper's Motel.
Moscato said customers have responded very positively to the new restaurant with its new menu and new look.
“People have loved it,” she said. “The food has been wonderful, and we're looking forward to a great season.”
A redone bar area that seats 20 is bathed in blue light, and Jody Yeo is the head bartender.
Moscato said Primavera opened up with a small amount of seating so people could come in and see the space. More seating, including a banquet room for larger parties, will soon be available. She said there will be a function room that customers can use for large, special events such as wedding receptions.
“They'll be able to do that very soon,” she said.
Primavera Restaurant is open seven days a week for dinner. Sunday through Thursday, it is open from 4-9 p.m., and on Fridays and Saturdays it is open from 4-10 p.m.
It was back to business for Vladimir Putin on Monday who, in between fielding international congratulations on his re-election, was meeting with his supporters and with the political opponents he had beaten so decisively at the polls.
But the Russian president was keeping people guessing about what lay ahead in his fourth term, saying he would wait until after his May 7th inauguration to reveal detailed plans.
Final results released on Monday morning showed Putin had won a 76.6 per cent of the vote cast at the election on Sunday, the highest score ever in a Russian presidential poll. Putin's nearest competitor Pavel Grudinin, representing the Communist Party won 11.77 per cent of the vote. Kseniya Sobchak, a TV celebrity and liberal opposition activist, was among the straggling runners-up collecting 1.68 per cent of the votes.
Addressing a rally in Manezh Square near the Moscow Kremlin late on Sunday night, Putin thanked jubilant, flag-waving crowds for support, saying Russia was on the “threshold of big success”.
“We have to preserve this unity. It's very important to attract all these people who voted for other candidates to my side. We need unity in order to move forward.”
Opposition groups reported widespread incidents of electoral fraud and claimed the 67 per cent turn out had been achieved after pressure was applied to voters to go to the polls.
An observer mission from Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe said on Monday the election had been conducted in an overly controlled legal and political environment marked by continued pressure on critical voices.
While Putin's campaign team gloried in their victory, opposition leaders were at each other's throats.
Alexei Navalny, the popular anti-corruption crusader who had campaigned for an election boycott after being officially barred from the ballot, rounded on Ms Sobchak saying she had colluded with the Kremlin to give a veneer of democracy to the election. “I refuse to work with you. You and I have no common goal. In these so-called elections, you showed that you were a champion hypocrite.”
The bitter row between Navalny and Sobchak pointed to a deepening rift in the Russian opposition that will complicate her plans to bring together a new liberal party to challenge Putin in the years ahead.
Putin met the seven election candidates he had defeated in the election on Monday to explore possible co-operation in future. Bruised by Mr Navalny's insults, Ms Sobchak indicated before the meeting she was not minded to compromise, saying she would use the talks to urge Putin to release political prisoners.
Most Russian commentators agree that Putin, who has overseen an intensifying crackdown on the opposition since massive protests erupted ahead of his inauguration to a third term in 2012, is likely to move further to sideline all genuine political competition.
For the Kremlin the “whole election campaign had been geared towards demonstrating the superiority of the main hero of the campaign, over the Russian political system, his omnipotence and his disproportional stature in the whole miserable political landscape,” wrote Konstantin Gaaze, a political commentator at the Carnegie Moscow Center.
World leaders from China to Venezuela, Bolivia, Cuba and Syria, as well as a clutch of former Soviet states congratulated Putin on his election victory on Monday. Xi Jinping, who won rights to rule as China's president for life at the weekend, declared strong support, saying his country's partnership with Russia was at it's “best level in history.” But in a sign of the dismal state of relation with Russia, few western leaders have made any comment about Putin's re-election.
Speaking to reporters on Monday, Putin sketched out goals for his fourth term, pledging to prioritise the domestic agenda with a greater spending on health and education and the construction of new infrastructure. Investment in the military would also be a priority as Russia continued to bolster its defense capability.
Economists have pointed out that Russia, facing the risk of yet tougher western sanctions cannot afford to splurge on welfare benefits as well as the military and that something will have to give.
A clearer picture of Putin's intentions will come when he appoints a new government, but on Monday he declined to provide any details of whether reformist doves or traditionalist hawks would have the upper hand in the cabinet, saying the decision would wait until after his inauguration.
Mr Gaaze said that with the Russian constitution barring presidents from serving more than two consecutive terms, the succession question would dominate Putin's agenda in the coming years. Members of the elite Russian vulnerable to international prosecution for alleged meddling in the US election or pursuit or military aggression in Ukraine would see Putin as the only guarantor of their security and press him to stay in office for life.
However, Putin laughed off questions from reporters on Sunday night that he might run for yet another election at the end of his fourth term. “What you're saying is a bit silly,” he said. “Do you think I will stay here until I'm 100 years old? No. “
NEW YORK (AP) " A $25 million pledge to fight the food industry's influence on public health is coming from a surprising source " the CEO of a snack bar maker.
Kind founder Daniel Lubetzky says he's pledging his own money to create a group called "Feed the Truth" dedicated to revealing corporate influence in the nutrition field, with activities like education campaigns and investigative journalism.
The move underscores the division between older "Big Food" companies and newer businesses that market themselves as wholesome alternatives aligned with health advocates. Kind, known for its fruit and nut bars, touts its use of "real" ingredients and has proven deft at mixing marketing with nutrition issues.
A public health and ethics expert not involved with the group says much depends on how it is set up, and that one tactic to neutralize potential critics is to engage them.
Three high-profile health and nutrition experts have been enlisted to name Feed the Truth's board, which will hire an executive director. Lubetzky said he and Kind will have no involvement, and the group will be free to scrutinize the company. "We don't have any skeletons in our closet," he said.
Since Kind was launched in 2004, the company's annual revenue has grown to $673.4 million, according to market researcher Euromonitor.
The company was in the spotlight after the Food and Drug Administration warned that it was inappropriately using the term "healthy" on packaging. Kind launched a petition asking the FDA to update its guidelines, saying the fat in almonds and avocados shouldn't count against it, and declared victory when the agency said last year it was re-evaluating.
Lubetzky cited that experience and recent reporting by The Associated Press and The New York Times revealing the food industry's influence on nutrition science for his decision to create Feed the Truth. Kind said he will sign a letter of intent to donate $2.5 million a year for the next 10 years.
Lubetzky said he did not donate the money to the Center for Science in the Public Interest because the advocacy group does not accept industry funding. That raises the question of whether Feed the Truth will accept money from other food companies, and if so, under what terms. Lubetzky said that will be up to the board and director.
Continued below.
Related Content Your views: Readers letters' Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab Michelle Grattan: Is Australia frightened to endanger a refugee deal with the US?
The irony of such a group being established by a snack bar CEO is not lost on Marion Nestle, a professor of food studies at New York University who is helping nominate the board. She said she usually keeps industry at arm's length, but found Lubetzky "very persuasive" and felt Feed the Truth could raise awareness about corporate influence in nutrition research.
Deb Eschmeyer, a senior policy adviser on nutrition under the Obama administration, said the project reflects the new ways companies and executives are engaging with the public. Michael Jacobson, executive director of CSPI, said the money being pledged in advance should help give the group independence.
Kind said the three advisers are not being paid, though it covered Nestle's travel costs for a meeting. The company said it would not be involved once the board is established.
Leigh Turner, a professor at the University of Minnesota's School of Public Health, said that whether the group remains free from Lubetzky and Kind's influence remains to be seen. He noted that engaging critics is one way for companies to neutralize them, and that the group could be a boon to Kind's image.
"This is a business that wants to present itself as a healthy alternative to candy bars," Turner said.
As an example of how Kind presents itself, the company launched a "Nutrition Collective" for dietitians last year, which it said was for discussion of major public health issues. A signup page said members would not be paid, but being involved included letting people how "Kind can be a part of their new lifestyle."
Although Feed the Truth may boost Kind's image, Lubetzky said that wasn't the goal.
"I would hope that people say, OK, these guys are doing the right thing for society, I'm going to be more loyal to the brand," Lubetzky said.
____
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville, Va., Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter's life — and, with voice occasionally quavering, called on people to answer hate with forgiveness.
"My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that," the Sharpes, Fla., resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview. "With her, it wasn't lip service. It was real."
Just two days earlier, a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally, killing Heyer's daughter Heather, 32, and wounding 19 other people. Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack, saying "such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred."
The man allegedly behind the wheel, James Alex Fields Jr., had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas, according to a former teacher. Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run.
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that's "twisted into something negative" in its own right, Mark Heyer told the local newspaper.
"People need to stop hating, and they need to forgive each other. And I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy that did this," he said. "He doesn't know any better. You know, I just think of what the Lord said on the cross. Lord forgive him, they don't know what they're doing."
In this respect, he said he aspires to follow his daughter's example.
"You know, my daughter's life — she's ..." he paused, searching for words. "I'm proud of her for standing up. She had more courage than I did. She had more courage than I did. She had a stubborn backbone. She thought she was right. She would stand there and defy you.
"But if I understand her," he added, "she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction."
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend, Heather's mother, Susan Bro, also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a "very strong sense of right and wrong."
"It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening," Bro said, "and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given."
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed, along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S. In Seattle and New York City, Atlanta and in Grand Rapids, Mich., demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and, in the words of one protester, "resist it fearlessly."
"I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people's hearts," Mark Heyer said. "You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff, but when you take your last breath, it's over. It's done!
"You're going to take away what a person has and everything else they're going to have. There is no more — not here, you know," he added. "And that's — that's pretty much all I got, brother."
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-AGNC Investment's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share as of May 31, 2017
* Agnc investment -It's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share and estimated net tangible book value of $19.48 per common share as of May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Researchers sample water from the East River off New York as part of a study of fish DNA that is helping scientists to track migrations of species such as herring and bass to the region, in New York, U.S., October 30, 2015. Mark Stoeckle/Handout via REUTERS
OSLO Scientists have tracked fish off New York by following the traces of DNA left in the water, a technique that could help gauge life in rivers, lakes and the oceans around the world, a study showed on Wednesday.
Fish leave bits of slimy skin, scales and excretions as they swim around - clues that let scientists detect 42 different species of fish including herring, bass and eels in water drawn from the Hudson and East Rivers off Manhattan, it said.
"Rather than get a big boat and a big net ... we just tied a bucket onto a rope and threw it into the river," lead author Mark Stoeckle, from New York's Rockefeller University, told Reuters.
The one-liter (two-pint) samples, costing $50 to process, let scientists monitor annual migrations of fish in spring 2016 to the rivers and their estuaries, according to the study published in the journal PLOS One.
It said it was the first time fish migrations had been tracked solely by DNA.
Understanding fish migrations can help countries time the opening of fishing grounds and other activities. In New York, for instance, the port authority is banned from dredging when winter flounder are in the area.
By contrast with DNA studies, research vessels using nets to catch fish to study the variety in an area can cost $10,000 a day. Sonars can also be used to spot shoals but are less precise in detecting individual species.
"And the animals may be chased away by the sound of the vessel, or the pressure of the bow wave," said Jesse Ausubel, a co-author at the Rockefeller University.
"DNA is opening up the world around us ... we can read the book of nature just by collecting a cup of water," he told Reuters.
DNA finprinting of fish is similar to genetic fingerprinting of people, for medical tests or in forensics at crime scenes.
Still, some of the results seemed puzzling.
The study found DNA from exotic Nile tilapia and red snapper that do not live off New York. That DNA apparently came from sewers after passing through humans who ate the fish.
And it is impossible to know if DNA samples came from one fish or 10. Greater sensitivity could pave the way to gauge fish stocks in the oceans.
Fish DNA lasts perhaps a week in the water before breaking down in what the scientists called a "Goldilocks" time. Longer would make it impossible to tell how long the fish had been there, shorter would make it hard to find any trace of life.
DNA has widening uses for tracking wildlife. A 2008 study measured wetlands in France to detect American bullfrogs, a species that was damaging local wildlife after escaping from farms producing frogs' legs, a local delicacy.
(Reporting By Alister Doyle; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
(Repeats to additional subscribers, no change to text)
* Nearly half of voters say Macron, Le Pen won't solve joblessness
* Election outcome depends on floating voters, abstention
By Matthias Blamont
PARIS, April 30 A week before a decisive second round in France's presidential election, many voters are sceptical that either of the two candidates can solve chronic unemployment or tackle security concerns, a poll published on Sunday found.
The Ifop survey for the Journal du Dimanche highlights two key battlegrounds as centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen enter a final week of campaigning, expected to focus on France's economy and borders.
Polls predict Macron, a former economy minister, will win the May 7 run-off with about 59-60 percent. But the momentum has recently been with Le Pen, who has clawed back about five percentage points over the past week.
According to the Ifop poll, 45 percent of voters believe the two finalists would not put an end to unemployment, which has for years stood close to 10 percent in France. And 36 percent say neither candidate is able to protect France from attacks.
France has been under a state of emergency since 2015 and has suffered a spate of Islamist militant attacks mostly perpetrated by young men who grew up in France and Belgium. More than 230 people have been killed in the past two years.
Days before the April 23 first round, a French policeman was shot dead and two others were wounded in central Paris in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group.
The outcome of the run-off will depend to a large extent on floating voters and potentially high levels of abstention.
In the first round, 22.2 percent of voters abstained: The highest percentage since 2002 when Marine Le Pen's father, Jean-Marie, surged into the second round only to be defeated overwhelmingly by conservative Jacques Chirac.
If turnout is low in the second round, analysts say Macron may struggle to reproduce the same broad movement against the National Front candidate, citing his mainly free-market policies at a time when anti-establishment feeling has been on the rise in Europe and the United States.
Left-wing candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, with 19.6 percent of votes in the first round, has urged his supporters to oppose Le Pen but has refused to back Macron for the second round.
Le Pen travelled to Marseille on Sunday to speak on the environment, a key issue for Melenchon supporters, while Macron was expected to visit the Holocaust memorial in Paris later.
The Ifop poll found 42 percent of voters believe Macron and Le Pen would be unable to reunite the country after months of bitter campaigning, while 43 percent questioned whether they would be able to govern even after capturing the Elysee palace.
France returns to the polls in June to select members of the National Assembly, the lower house of parliament, where a majority is needed to push through government policies.
Both Macron, who launched a new party a year ago, and Le Pen, whose National Front has only two seats in the National Assembly, have faced questions about their ability to build a parliamentary majority.
Le Pen said on Saturday defeated right-wing candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan would be her prime minister if she wins.
Macron received support on Sunday from Jean-Louis Borloo, a previous leader of the UDI, a small centrist party, but has yet to say who he would ask to lead a government.
(Additional reporting by Myriam Rivet; Editing by Tim Hepher and Adrian Croft)
Source: The Irish Sun
A potential boxing superfight appears to be inching closer towards becoming a reality. The Irish Sun is reporting that UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor and undefeated 39-year-old boxing legend Floyd Mayweather have come to terms on a multi-million dollar deal for a fight. The report noted that the agreement has yet to be signed because "of a third party hold-up."
McGregor, 29, arrived in Las Vegas this week to film an anti-bullying video for children as part of his deal with the Nevada State Athletic Commission for a water bottle fight at a press conference with Nate Diaz last summer. McGregor is expected to meet with Mayweather during the trip.
Mayweather spoke with ESPN's Stephen A. Smith at an NBA game in Oklahoma City on Saturday night and said that he was "very, very close" to coming to finalizing a deal for a fight with McGregor.
"It's not finalized," Smith said (h/t to Complex for the transcription). "There are details to be worked out. He did not confirm that a deal had been done as of yet. But as you know, I've known Floyd for years, and he had a smile on his face. He said, 'We're getting there. We're getting very, very close.' He believes he has the potential to make even more money than he made fighting [Manny] Pacquiao. He doesn't need it. He doesn't need it at all. But Floyd is all about business. His whole thing is that it has to be the right deal business-wise. It has to be worth his time."
See Also Conor McGregor Reportedly Turns Down 'Hefty' WWE Offer To Appear At WrestleMania
As for the potential "third party hold-up," UFC President Dana White has publicly stated that the fight can not happen without the UFC's involvement, despite McGregor stating that he could do it without them.
"It is what it is now," White told ESPN last week. "He came out and said, 'I can do this without them.' I guarantee you, he can't do it without us. What I then said was, 'I've always been respectful of Conor, the things he wants to do and everything else. If he wants to go down that road it will be an epic fall.' Everybody knows exactly what that means."
Bob Obuhey contributed to this article. Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
* Mandiri eyes provisions of 16-18 trln rupiah, NPL of 3 pct
* Bank saw tax amnesty inflows of almost 30 trln rupiah
* Mandiri targets small-scale oil palm farmers (Adds comment from CEO, background)
By Eveline Danubrata and Gayatri Suroyo
JAKARTA, April 12 Bank Mandiri, Indonesia's biggest bank by assets, is stepping up restructuring and asset sales to tackle bad loans and sharply cut its provisions this year, its chief executive told Reuters.
Analysts have been concerned about Mandiri's bad loans ratio, which has crept up over the past few years mainly due to its exposure to the mining sector.
At the end of 2016, Mandiri's provisions were at 24.6 trillion rupiah ($1.9 billion), more than doubling from 12.0 trillion a year earlier, while gross non-performing loans (NPLs) made up 4.0 percent of total loans.
CEO Kartika Wirjoatmodjo said the bank aims to cut provisions for bad loans to 16 trillion-18 trillion rupiah this year, while it expects NPLs to fall to 3 percent of loans, partly by strengthening its risk management and debt collection.
"We hope with all the strategy, the trend of our NPL will go down this year," Wirjoatmodjo told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday.
The state-controlled bank saw inflows of almost 30 trillion rupiah ($2.3 billion) from Indonesia's tax amnesty scheme, Wirjoatmodjo said, adding that some of the funds were being converted into assets such as bonds.
Indonesia's nine-month tax amnesty programme, which ended on March 31, had netted 135 trillion rupiah for the government, according to the latest official calculations.
Mandiri is upbeat about the long-term demand for crude palm oil (CPO), which is used in everything from soaps to chocolates, and plans to expand its lending to small-scale farmers in the sector, Wirjoatmodjo said.
The European Parliament recently called for a curb in the use of the commodity, but Wirjoatmodjo said Mandiri's corporate clients are increasingly diversifying their export markets to India and Africa.
"Palm is a product that can serve a huge range of retail, consumer businesses," Wirjoatmodjo said. "In the long run CPO will remain a good commodity." ($1 = 13,274.00 rupiah) (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata and Gayatri Suroyo; Editing by Jason Neely and Susan Fenton)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats to additional clients; no change in text.)
* French stocks set for best one-day gain in a month
* Euro hits 3-week high, French/German yield gap at 2-week low
* Analysts cite covering of short positions before French vote
* First round of voting in French presidential race on Sunday
By Dhara Ranasinghe and Helen Reid
LONDON, April 20 With less than 36 hours of trading to go before the first round of the French presidential election, a likely squaring of positions on Thursday saw the euro rally, French banking stocks rise and government bond spreads narrow.
The run-up to the French vote, which polls suggest will pit far-right candidate Marine Le Pen against the centrist Emmanuel Macron in a runoff in May, has battered French bonds and seen market measures of implied currency volatility surge.
But analysts said the rally in the euro and French assets on Thursday suggested some investors were closing out of their short positions before Sunday's first round-vote, taking heart perhaps from the latest polls showing Macron easily beating Le Pen in the second round two weeks later.
"There's bound to have been an element in the market of people just playing the run-in to the election as a trade, and were positioned for the risk premium to have blown out a bit more by the time we'd come to the second-last trading day before the first round," said Derek Halpenny, European head of global markets research at MUFG in London.
"The fact that hasn't materialized by now is encouraging those risk-takers who never were going to run the risk through the election any way to essentially close out their positions."
The euro rose to a three-week high at around $1.0778 and was on track for its best week this year.
A rally in banking stocks lifted France's CAC 40 up as much as 1 percent, easily outpacing broader European markets. French stocks were set for their biggest one-day gain in a month.
BNP Paribas and Société Générale shares both rose more than 2 percent and Credit Agricole rose just over 1 percent.
Columbia Threadneedle Investments said on Thursday it had increased its exposure to European equities, since political risk is increasingly discounted, valuations are lower and earnings momentum is positive in Europe.
Macron has held on to his position as the favourite to win eventually, the latest polls show, although they also indicate that the outcome of the first round of voting on Sunday is too close to call.
BOND SPREADS TIGHTER
The premium investors demand for holding French government bonds over top-rated German peers, meanwhile, has narrowed to its tightest level in almost two weeks at 64 basis points .
French bonds have borne the brunt of election jitters this year, with the French/German yield gap widening out to as much as 84 bps in February.
Strong support for the anti-euro Le Pen and the far-left's Jean-Luc Melenchon has alarmed investors.
But with jitters ebbing slightly as polls remain consistent, the yield on safe-haven German Bunds rose to a 1 1/2-week high of 0.24 percent on Thursday. Markets also easily digested a new supply of French three and five-year government bonds, the last French debt sale ahead of Sunday's election.
"It seems that when we have a major event, people think the base-case scenario will materialise," said Jan von Gerich, chief strategist at Nordea Markets. "We saw that in the market reaction just before the Brexit referendum and we're seeing it again now with France."
But Britain's vote on EU membership last June and the U.S. presidential election in November did take markets by surprise. That should be a reason for caution, some analysts said.
"Market behaviour is starting to look worryingly similar to the run up of the Brexit and Trump vote, where investors started to overweight marginal shifts/info in polls, creating a self-reinforcing belief that things are OK," Deutsche Bank analyst George Saravelos said in a note. (Additional reporting by Jemima Kelly and Patrick Graham, editing by Larry King)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects headline to clarify that co widens international 4G roaming, not provides free 4G roaming)
April 6 Vodafone India:
* 4G customers will now be able to roam worry-free and seamlessly on high speed 4G networks while travelling overseas in over 40 countries Source text - [Vodafone India, one of India's largest telecommunication service providers, today announced that its 4G customers will now be able to roam worry-free and seamlessly on high speed 4G networks while travelling overseas in over 40 countries.] Further company coverage:
BRUSSELS, April 12 European Union regulators on Wednesday cleared U.S. car supplier Lear's takeover of the seats and metals business of Spain's Grupo Antolín-Irausa, saying it would still face sufficient competition.
"The Commission concluded that the proposed acquisition would not raise competition concerns given the parties' moderate combined market positions," the European Commission, which acts as the bloc's competition supervisor, said in a statement.
The deal includes 12 factories and two research and development centres in Europe and northern Africa. (Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek; Editing by Alastair Macdonald)
The lone white cross marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532 Anzac Day: How the war memorial movement began
The lone white cross marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532 Anzac Day: How the war memorial movement began
THE wound was the size of a penny, and it was over his heart.
It didn't take long for Ivor Margetts to die in the end. He never saw who killed him. A shell burst, a piece of shrapnel, and his part in the Great War was over.
He called to one of his men, Private George McKenzie, who had been with him since they left Hobart, and through every day of the Gallipoli campaign.
Now, cradling him in his arms on a war-ravaged road in Pozieres, France, on July 23, 1916, Captain Margetts told him that he had "got one at last".
As soon as McKenzie saw the wound, he knew there was no hope.
It didn't take longer than 20 minutes for Capt Margetts to die. The 24-year-old's final words to Pte McKenzie were: "If you get through this stink lad, which I hope to the God above you do, let my people know how I got hit and died thinking of them."
And then he was gone.
Later, Pte McKenzie would write to Captain Margetts' parents back in Launceston of their son's death, which was reprinted in Les Carlyon's book The Great War. He wrote: "There was never a better officer living than Capt Margetts. He was the most popular man in the Batt and he has never done a bad turn to anyone since we left Hobart Shore. It is the worst shock the 12th Batt has had since war started. Any one would of gave their lives for to save his little toe."
The lonely cross on the barren landscape at Pozieres, marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532
It was Pte McKenzie who buried his beloved Captain close to where he was hit. It was he who placed the little white cross which draws our eye in this iconic picture.
Two days later, the Germans blazed through and destroyed the cross. Now no one knows exactly where Ivor Margetts is buried.
AN ORDINARY BLOKE
By all accounts, Margetts was a genuinely nice guy. The kind of bloke you'd want to be mates with. And he was my ancestor - my grandmother's first cousin, making him my first cousin, twice removed. He was a legend in my family. His friends called him Margo, but in my family, he was always referred to as Captain Ivor.
He was tall - 6ft 3 - tanned and cheerful. He grew up in Launceston, the second of five boys, and when war broke out he was working as a school master at a boys' school in Hobart, keeping the students in line and coaching the sports teams. He was one of the first to join up as war broke out, and the Hutchins school held a party in his honour, the teachers chipping in to present him with a pipe.
"In making the presentation, Mr Bullow spoke of the happy disposition Mr Margetts possessed, and his power of keeping the masters' study in harmony by his ability for turning everything into a joke," a report of the party in the Hutchins school magazine of September 1914 said.
Captain Ivor Margetts was affectionately known as ‘Margo' by his friends and school. Picture: Australian War Memorial/H15808
"Mr Margetts suitably responded, saying that, if his nature was a happy one, he couldn't help it, he had been born like it."
On the weekend, he played Aussie rules. He was as professional as you could be in those days, playing for Lefroy Football Club.
At Gallipoli, he played footy too. One game in particular is described in Les Carlyon's book Gallipoli. "In December he played Australian football against the 10th Battalion. 'Beautiful match. Led at three-quarter time, lost by seven points.'"
ANZAC DAWN
Ivor was a month off his 23rd birthday when he joined up to the First Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in August 1914. Starting as a lieutenant, he endeared himself to his men, just as he had gained the love of students and fellow teachers at the school where he worked.
A report in the North Western Advocate in September 1916 said fellow Hobartian, W H Facy, received a letter from his younger brother in which he described Margetts.
"A gentleman and a soldier - and I think that covers a great deal. The men simply worshipped him, and what's more he had that knack of knowing how to treat his men. He always got the best out of us without any trouble."
The Lone Pine monument in Gallipoli, Turkey. Picture: Bradley Secker
He left with the 12th Battalion on October 20, 1914, headed for Egypt and then Lemnos, unaware that the same time the following year he would be fighting for daily survival in the horrors that awaited them all in Turkey.
His battalion was among the first ashore at Gallipoli on April 25, 1915. Margetts would later write an account of that day. He described how the captain gave the order to man the boats; how the first tow headed for the beach under heavy fire; how just as he was getting the second tow ready to go, a man right in front of him was hit in the head and dropped dead.
Survival was a game of chance - standing a metre to the left or right, leaving a minute earlier or later, was often what stood between you and a bullet.
Troops landing at Anzac Cove in WWI. Picture: Australian War Memorial
Ivor's brother, Ralph, was with him in Gallipoli, but stationed on a medical ship in the Dardanelles Strait. In a letter dated May 5, sent to their parents, which was printed in The Mercury in June 1915, Ralph wrote of word he had received about his brother.
"[Ivor] was well but very untidy - said he was fighting like a wild Irishman, with most of his clothes torn off. I have since heard that Ivor was seen on the beach with what few of his men were left.
"You can't imagine how pleased I was to hear about him. It was reported on board that he was the only officer left of his battalion."
He went on: "You should just hear, the naval men who put our men ashore speak of the way our lads charged up those hills! They say it was simply wonderful, and they have made a name for themselves forever."
Despite many close calls, Ivor survived Gallipoli, where so many others didn't. But the end of the campaign wasn't the end of the war for those first Anzacs. France beckoned.
POZIERES
The battle of Pozieres began on July 23, 1916. But for Capt Margetts, it also ended that day.
By the afternoon of July 23, it was reported the northern French village was clear. Ivor went with a small party of men through the village to choose a site for trenches. At around 10pm, a sudden burst of fire from the Germans took them by surprise. A shell burst nearby and a piece of shell hit Ivor in the chest, over his heart. He had survived the whole Gallipoli campaign, to be killed on the first day at Pozieres.
Pte McKenzie told the Red Cross: "The men loved him. I cried like a kid when I found he was dead … I think he went because he was too good for the beastliness of war."
Ivor Margetts was remembered at the Last Post Ceremony on July 23, 2016 celebrating the centenary of the campaign at the Australian War Memorial, Canberra. Picture: Australian War Memorial/Andrew Taylor/Ref: AWM2016.8.110.1
OUR STORIES
My nana was a cheeky, red-haired 13-year-old when cousin Ivor went to war. We had a picture of him on the bookshelf in our home growing up - a young, smiling man with a pipe in his mouth, the pipe his beloved students had given him, with the hope he would come back to them.
Ivor Margetts' name on the Roll of Honour, Canberra.
The picture that stood in our home of ‘Captain Ivor'.
And as Ivor was dying on that road in Pozieres, another young British private with a Royal Army Medical Corps pin on his cap was nearby, working as a stretcher bearer among the mud and devastation, bringing the wounded off the battlefield. His name was John Langford and he was my grandfather. He survived. If he hadn't, I wouldn't be here today - or my brothers and sisters, nephews and nieces.
And each Anzac Day, there are countless households around the country also remembering their family members who fought in conflicts across the years.
Time goes on, and the distance to these first Anzac stories becomes greater, but that doesn't mean they're forgotten. Stories are passed on and heroes become legends. The passage of time makes them stronger. And in a world of conflict and fighting and fear, we remember those who came before. Lest we forget.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Eleni Skopelitis smokes in her kitchen in the suburb of Nikaia, in Athens, Greece, March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
The staircase leading to the second floor of the Skopelitis family house in the suburb of Nikaia, in Athens, Greece, March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Vassilis Skopelitis speaks during an interview with Reuters as his wife Eleni looks in their house in the suburb of Nikaia, in Athens, Greece, March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
The Skopelitis family house in the suburb of Nikaia, in Athens, Greece, March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Greek former Energy Minister and leader of the far-left Popular Unity party Panagiotis Lafazanis (2nd L) argues with court officials (R) as protesters entered a courtroom to prevent an auction in Athens, Greece, March 1, 2017. Picture taken March 1, 2017. Costas Baltas/Intimenews via REUTERS
Vassilis and Eleni Skopelitis sit in their kitchen in the suburb of Nikaia, in Athens, Greece, March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Protesters shout slogans as they block an entrance to prevent court officials from entering the courtroom and carry out an auction in Athens, Greece, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Protesters shout slogans as they block an entrance to prevent court officials from entering the courtroom and carry out an auction in Athens, Greece, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ATHENS Crowds of protesters gathered outside court chamber 7 in central Athens one recent Wednesday, unfurling a huge banner before they moved swiftly to block the entrance.
"No House in the Hands of Bankers" the banner read. In the court a property auction was underway.
On any given Wednesday for the past four years, activists have been taking their fight against austerity to the country's civil courts, fighting for people driven into poverty as a result of Greece's debt crisis and international bailouts.
Occasionally, skirmishes break out with police. But Greece is a country where the right to protest is considered sacrosanct, so the activists come back, week after week.
"People are fed up, they are exhausted from being incessantly pounded by payments and debts," said Leonidas Papadopoulos from the activist group Den Plirono, meaning I Won't Pay.
Advocating civil disobedience, I Won't Pay emerged in 2012, tapping into public anger with austerity imposed by the European Union and International Monetary Fund in exchange for bailout loans.
A loose collective of about 10,000 members, of which between 300 and 400 are regular activists, Papadopoulos says court incursions of I Won't Pay have thwarted 4,000 auctions annually over the past four years.
Reuters could not independently confirm the claim, but there would have been plenty of opportunity given that home ownership in Greece is about 75 percent, among the EU's highest, and austerity has caused widespread failure.
Bad loans, or non-performing exposures (NPEs), reached 107.6 billion euros in the third quarter of 2016 at Greek banks, with about 31 percent of that concerning housing loans, according to the Bank of Greece.
Yet according to official data, auctions have in fact fallen. From 43,000 in 2008 and a peak of 52,000 in 2009, auctions fell to 16,000 in 2014.
Part of that is down to a 2010 law protecting primary residences, allowing arbitration between creditors and lenders. Papadopoulos says its also because of their activism.
But for some, it was too little, too late.
"OUR DREAMS ARE DEAD"
Electrician Vassilis Skopelitis was a casualty.
On a hot summer morning in 2016 a bailiff, locksmith and a bank clerk turned up at his modest two-storey dwelling in an Athens suburb to evict its occupants, including a bedridden 93 year old man.
"I asked where was he to go. They said they didn't care,” said Skopelitis, 55, of his now deceased father-in-law.
The family got a reprieve when local activists and a mayor intervened, but he expects a new eviction attempt in coming months.
With an income from a social benefit at 200 euros a month, Skopelitis says bank payments are impossible. "I don't have money to eat," he says.
When his electrical goods store started failing in 2009 he couldn't afford mortgage payments on a 160,000 debt for his two-storey home.
In 2012, his home was confiscated by a bank, and the following year banks foreclosed on the homes of his two adult children also, left unemployed by the crisis. They now live with him.
The stress of it all, he said, gave him a heart attack in 2015. And yet the phone bills and letters for payment persist.
Skopelitis's hopes are now pinned on getting a disability pension so he could rent a home in the countryside and possibly grow his own food. But he says he will resist leaving his home for as long as he can.
"Our dreams have died.. Our dreams for life ... died with this house."
(Additional reporting by Lefteris Papadimas; Writing by Michele Kambas Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
FILE PHOTO - A sign advertises payday loans in the window of a money lending shop in northeast London October 3, 2013. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett
LONDON British banks approved the fewest mortgages in four months in March and consumer credit growth slowed, industry figures showed on Friday, adding to signs of a weakening in economic growth in early 2017.
Banks approved 41,061 mortgages for house purchase last month, down from 42,247 in February, the British Bankers' Association said.
Annual consumer lending growth slowed to 6.1 percent from 6.5 percent in February, easing further from October's 10-year high of 7.2 percent.
(Writing by William Schomberg)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 10 Zhong Fu Tong Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 10 percent to 30 percent, or to be 8.1 million yuan to 9.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (7.4 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/W9q9zf
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May attends the BBC's Marr Show in London, Britain April 30, 2017. Jeff Overs/BBC Handout via REUTERS
LONDON The Conservative Party of British Prime Minister Theresa May has a narrower lead over the opposition Labour Party than a week ago, an opinion poll published by research firm Panelbase showed on Wednesday ahead of a national election on June 8.
The online poll, which excluded undecided voters, gave the Conservatives 47 percent support, down two percentage points from Panelbase's previous poll published last week, while support for Labour rose three points to 30 percent.
The Liberal Democrats and the UK Independence Party were unchanged on 10 and 5 percent respectively.
The fieldwork for the Panelbase poll was conducted between April 28 and May 2 and 1,034 people took part.
(Writing by William Schomberg)
BERLIN A 90th-minute goal from Benjamin Huebner gave Hoffenheim a last-gasp 1-0 victory over Eintracht Frankfurt on Sunday and moved them up into third place with three matches left in the season.
The top three teams win an automatic Champions League group-stage spot with the fourth going into the competition's qualifying rounds.
Bayern Munich secured their fifth successive league title on Saturday after crushing VfL Wolfsburg 6-0 to leave them 10 points clear with three games left as RB Leipzig, in second place on 63, drew 0-0 against Ingolstadt.
Nadiem Amiri hit the post for Hoffenheim early in the game and the hosts kept up the pressure throughout but could not score until Huebner rose high to drill in his header from a corner.
The win sent Hoffenheim into third, one point ahead of Borussia Dortmund, who drew 0-0 against Cologne on Saturday. Hoffenheim and Dortmund meet next week.
Veteran Halil Altintop scored twice as Augsburg crushed Hamburg SV 4-0 in their relegation derby to climb out of the drop zone.
The 34-year-old former Turkey international struck twice in the first half as Augsburg rose to the big occasion, leaving Hamburg, the only team to have played in the Bundesliga every season since the top league's creation in 1963, in the relegation playoff spot on 33 points.
Altintop fired in for the lead in the 28th minute and then tapped in at the far post 14 minutes later than Augsburg also hit the woodwork twice in a dominant performance.
Philipp Max made sure of the three points that lifted hosts Augsburg to 13th on 35, with a low shot, and substitute Raul Bobadilla added the fourth goal in the 85th minute.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann, editing by Pritha Sarkar and Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 1-UN aviation agency to assess Gulf airspace closure, host states in Montreal talks
TORONTO, June 14 The United Nations aviation agency said on Wednesday it was reviewing a request from Qatar to intervene after its Gulf neighbours closed their airspace to Qatar flights, part of the region's biggest diplomatic row and trade blockade in years.
MILAN Italian tiremaker Pirelli said on Friday it had moved forward its plans to list on a stock exchange to the last quarter of 2017 and its controlling Chinese investor was willing to cut its stake to below 50 percent in the initial public offering (IPO).
The company was delisted from the Milan bourse in 2015, where its shares had traded since 1922, following a mandatory offer launched by an investment vehicle controlled by China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina).
Pirelli had expected to list in the first half of 2018 but brought the plans forward due to favorable market conditions and after agreeing a series of steps that will reduce its net debt to core earnings ratio to below three.
Pirelli is expected to re-list in Milan or a leading international stock exchange, the company said in a statement.
"(ChemChina) confirmed its willingness, for the greater success of the IPO, to go below 50 percent," Pirelli said, adding that ChemChina would continue to consolidate the tiremaker on its balance sheet even without a majority stake.
State-owned ChemChina holds a 65 percent stake in Marco Polo International Italy, the sole shareholder in Pirelli. Camfin, an Italian holding company whose investors include Pirelli boss Marco Tronchetti Provera, Italian banks UniCredit (CRDI.MI) and Intesa Sanpaolo (ISP.MI), has 22.4 percent and an investment fund linked to Russia's Rosneft (ROSN.MM) owns the rest.
The steps Pirelli plans to carry out in the context of the listing include a capital increase, the repayment of some debt and the refinancing of credit lines, the company said.
It said Marco Polo would be granted 1.25 billion euros ($1.4 billion) in bank financing to be repaid with the IPO proceeds. Pirelli would launch a 1.2 billion euro capital increase underwritten by Marco Polo to repay the same amount of debt and 4.2 billion euros of Pirelli's credit lines would be refinanced to reduce the cost of its debt and prolong its average maturity.
The company has nominated Banca IMI, which is part of Intesa Sanpaolo, JP Morgan (JPM.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) as global coordinators for the IPO.
(Reporting by Agnieszka Flak; editing by David Clarke)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
May 3 Pason Systems Inc:
* Pason reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share C$0.08
* Q1 revenue C$59 million versus I/B/E/S view C$62.8 million
* Q1 earnings per share view C$0.03 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Pason systems inc says for 2017, intend to spend up to $25 million in capital expenditures
* "outlook for remainder of 2017 is more positive than what we experienced in 2016" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Ritter Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Ritter pharmaceuticals, inc. Announces end of phase 2 meeting with the fda and initiates phase 3 program development activities
* Ritter pharmaceuticals inc - completed phase 2b/3 trial demonstrated several positive topline results and full analysis of data is underway
* Ritter pharmaceuticals -plans to discuss results of its recently completed phase 2b/3 trial and phase 3 plans in preparation of a nda submission of rp-g28
* Ritter pharmaceuticals - no serious adverse events related to rp-g28 were reported in study, further supporting safety profile previously shown in phase 2a study
* Ritter pharmaceuticals inc- commenced manufacturing efforts and currently anticipates initiation of phase 3 in first half of 2018 for rp-g28
* Ritter pharma- fda has agreed to schedule an end of phase 2 meeting with company which is expected to take place in q3 of 2017 relating to rp-g28 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ISTANBUL Turkey's military said that one of its outposts in the southeastern town of Ceylanpinar bordering Syria came under rocket attack early on Friday from Syrian territory held by the Kurdish YPG militia.
The army returned fire, it said, killing 11 YPG militants. Military outposts in Turkey's Syria border area have come under intense fire over the past few days since Turkish warplanes struck Kurdish militant PKK targets in Iraq's Sinjar and northeastern Syria.
Turkey has also been carrying out operations against Kurdish militants inside its borders. It has ramped up operations against the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) following an April 16 referendum which passed constitutional changes that gave President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping executive powers.
In a second statement on Friday, the Turkish military said 10 Kurdish militants, five of whom were women, had been killed in operations in the southeastern province of Tunceli. A total of 20 militants had been killed during the operation over three days.
Turkey views the YPG as an extension of the PKK, which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state for Kurdish autonomy. The PKK is designated a terrorist organisation by the United States, European Union and Turkey.
(Reporting by Humeyra Pamuk and Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Dominic Evans and Ece Toksabay)
By Rosemary Onuoha
Owing to the low contribution of the insurance sector to the Gross Domestic Product, GDP, and the poor perception by the general public, a nationwide campaign to rebrand the industry is set to kick off in June, 2018.
The rebranding campaign, which is being championed by the Insurers Committee, is geared towards changing the negative perception of the public towards insurance as well as growing the number of insurance consumers to over 150 million from 37 million.
Addressing journalists yesterday in Lagos, Vice Chairman of the Publicity sub-committee of the Insurers Committee, who is also Managing Director, NSIA Insurance Company Limited, Mrs. Ebelechukwu Nwachukwu, said that the industry is set to launch the project which is expected to transform insurance operations in the country.
Nwachukwu said the Committee, an association of insurance companies and the regulatory body, the National Insurance Commission, NAICOM, has set out seven cardinal goals that will be pursued.
It will be recalled that to promote the project, NAICOM has contributed N40 million while most companies have also made their contributions towards the initiative.
Earlier, insurance operators had agreed to raise 50 percent of the funds for the rebranding project from companies' gross premium income while the balance of 50 percent is to be shared evenly from profits realized by insurers.
The initiative, according to the Committee, will be driven via social media, print and electronics, adding that greater attention will be on the social media due to the youth population.
May 1 Noble Iron Inc
* Noble Iron signs agreement to sell Los Angeles equipment rental operations
* Purchase price is approximately $46.34 million, to be paid in cash
* $1.37 million of purchase price will be held in an escrow account for any adjustments to purchase price following closing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Thembinkosi Msane (21) and Khetha Mahlangu (23) appeared in the Eshowe Magistrate's Court on Wednesday, 4 October 2017, for charges of carjacking, possession of stolen motor vehicle and attempted murder.
They were remanded in custody until 11 October 2017 for bail application. Two suspects are still at large and arrests are imminent.
In the early hours of Wednesday morning 4 October 2017, Eshowe police together with the Richards Bay Flying Squad were doing crime prevention duties around the area when they followed up information about four suspects in possession of white Isuzu vehicle suspected to be stolen at Esikhaleni area during a house robbery on 3 October 2017.
It is alleged that two victims were at H2 section, Esikhaleni, when they were hijacked of their vehicle. The members spotted the said vehicle at a service station in Eshowe and tried to stop it but the suspects sped off. The police gave chase, the suspects opened fire and the members returned fire stopping the vehicle.
Two suspects managed to flee the scene and two were arrested. No injuries sustained by the police or suspects.
The Acting Provincial Commissioner in KwaZulu-Natal Major General Bheki Langa praised the members for the quick response which led to the arrest and recovery of a stolen vehicle. “Our police will continue to work hard to make sure KwaZulu-Natal province remain crime free zone. We appreciate the help of the community in furnishing the police with information,” he said.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Dick's Sporting Goods Open Week kicked off on Monday with early practice rounds. Most of the golfers competing this weekend are arriving into town Monday night or Tuesday, but the handful that were in town early either hit the range or took to the course.
Canadian Rod Spittle took his swings on the range. For Spittle, he's had recent success in the DSGO, finishing 7th in 2013 and 12th in 2015. En-Joie is a course that rewards good drives, something Spittle says is a strength of his, so he enjoys playing this tournament every year. Although, his love for the tournament is not limited to just golf.
"First of all, I've always played well here so it's fun to come back," Spittle said. "We talked about the concert Friday night. It's a party week for the players and their spouses or girlfriends as much as for everyone else in town. Both my wife and I grew up in little towns like this. So, it's great to be able to come and play. It's a great part of the schedule being the middle of the summer and the golf course is always in terrific shape."
Tournament play begins Friday before the Bon Jovi concert at 8:00. Practice rounds continue Tuesday with the Pro-Am on Wednesday and Thursday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - LIBERTY STREET ADVISORS INC :
* LIBERTY STREET ADVISORS INC REPORTS A 5.11 PERCENT PASSIVE STAKE IN MARTIN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS L.P AS OF DECEMBER 31 - SEC FILING Source text : ( bit.ly/2s3JGFO ) Further company coverage:
April 28 Gold was little changed on Friday but poised for the biggest weekly fall in seven weeks as investors sought out riskier assets, dampening demand for gold, which pays no interest. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was steady at $1,263.81 per ounce, as of 0100 GMT. * Gold is on track for the largest weekly percentage fall since the week of March 10, down about 1.6 percent, but is heading towards a gain of about 1.2 percent for the month. * U.S. gold futures eased 0.1 percent to $1,264.90 an ounce. * The dollar edged up in Asian trading on Friday. The dollar index rose 0.2 percent to 99.231. * Asian stocks inched higher on Friday and looked set to close a strong week on a positive note, while the euro slipped after the European Central Bank showed no signs of paring its stimulus programme. * The European Central Bank stuck to its ultra-easy policy stance on Thursday as inflation continues to undershoot its target but explicitly acknowledged the vigour of the euro zone economy, now on its best run since the global financial crisis. * Euro zone economic sentiment climbed to a near 10-year high in April against expectations of almost no change as confidence in all sectors improved and inflation expectations dampened, EU data showed on Thursday. * New orders for U.S.-made capital goods rose less than expected in March, but a second straight monthly increase in shipments suggested business investment accelerated in the first quarter amid a recovering energy sector. * Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 0.10 percent to 853.36 tonnes on Thursday. * Switzerland's gold exports bounced back in March from the previous month's slump as shipments to leading bullion consumers Hong Kong, China and India rose, Swiss customs data showed on Thursday. * China's Q1 gold output fell 9.29 percent y/y to 101.2 tonnes and Q1 gold consumption was up 14.73 percent y/y to 304.14 tonnes, the official Xinhua news agency said on Thursday, quoting data from the China Gold Association. * South Africa's AngloGold Ashanti has halted all exploration work at its La Colosa project in central Tolima, Colombia, after voters backed a proposal to ban mining in the municipality, the company said on Thursday. * London's silver price benchmark is facing big, unpredictable fluctuations that risk undermining its credibility and may complicate efforts by the London Bullion Market Association to find a new operator, according to a Reuters analysis of trading data and 10 industry sources. DATA/EVENT AHEAD (GMT) 0600 Germany Import prices March 0600 Germany Retail sales March 0600 Britain House prices April 0645 France Consumer spending March 0830 Britain Preliminary GDP Q1 0900 Euro zone Inflation flash April 1230 U.S. GDP advance Q1 1230 U.S. Employment costs Q1 1345 U.S. Chicago PMI April (Reporting by Swati Verma in Bengaluru; Editing by Edmund Klamann)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Medics help an injured woman after several people were injured and taken to hospital following clashes between supporters and opponents of the Turkish government outside the country's consulate in Brussels, in this handout picture released by Firat News Agency in Brussels, Belgium, March 30, 2017. Courtesy of Firat News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
A woman is seen injured after clashes between supporters and opponents of the Turkish government outside the country's consulate in Brussels, in this handout picture released by Firat News Agency in Brussels, Belgium, March 30, 2017. Courtesy of Firat News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
BRUSSELS Several people were injured and taken to hospital after supporters and opponents of the Turkish government clashed outside the country's consulate in central Brussels on Thursday, Belgian police said.
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel condemned the violence, which he linked to a forthcoming referendum in Turkey on increasing the powers of President Tayyip Erdoğan.
"The Belgian government has absolute zero tolerance for any spillovers from the Turkish referendum. I condemn the riots at the embassy in Brussels," he said on Twitter.
A police spokeswoman said she could give no further details on the number of people hurt or the nature of their injuries. The Turkish mission to Brussels could not be immediately reached for comment.
Ties between Turkey and European Union states have deteriorated in recent weeks over Turkish government attempts to rally support for Erdoğan among expatriate Turks.
Erdoğan reacted with fury after Germany and the Netherlands - which, like Belgium, have big Turkish minorities - moved to restrict political rallies on their soil in the run-up to the April 16 referendum.
Kurdish news agency Firat said the Thursday incident took place as people arrived at the consulate in Brussels to cast early 'no' votes in the referendum. Reuters was not able to confirm that independently.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald, Gabriela Baczynska, Phil Blenkinsop and Hortense de Roffignac; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Strong airline profits and higher defense spending have boosted the outlook for aerospace firms gathering for next week's Singapore Airshow, but after a surge of activity in 2017 the event is expected to produce few big-ticket deals.
The biennial show, the largest in Asia, will bring together buyers and sellers against the backdrop of China's attempt to play a bigger role in a realigning global aerospace industry.
The Chinese push into the commercial jet and military drone markets comes amid regional insecurity in Southeast Asia over its rising power while the United States is retreating toward “America First” oriented policies.
China was looking to get a leg up in commercial jet technology through a deal with Bombardier Inc over the advanced C Series last year, but the Canadian company instead chose to partner with Airbus SE.
The Airbus-Boeing duopoly could be further solidified if Boeing and Brazil's Embraer SA agree to a tie-up that could involve their commercial and defense divisions.
China, with its narrow-body C919, is not the only country trying to carve out space in the tightly controlled commercial market. Russia's Irkut MC-21 and Japan's Mitsubishi Regional Jet are also seeking to become serious competitors, and will be represented at the airshow like their Chinese rival.
But all three projects have faced delays, and significant question marks remain over whether any will gain a solid order base outside their home markets.
The C919, which has received 785 orders to date, looks the strongest because of its backing by Chinese airlines and lessors, said DVB Bank head of aviation research Bert van Leeuwen.
“They have the market, the money and the ambitions,” he said of China.
FASTEST GROWING AVIATION MARKET
Manufacturers are targeting the Asia-Pacific region for product sales and services because it is the world's fastest growing aviation market.
Airbus and Boeing are sending the heads of their services divisions to Singapore as they look to increase their presence in the maintenance, repair and operations industry.
But on the sales side, a final push late last year by legendary Airbus commercial sales head John Leahy before he retired has pulled orders forward and is expected to result in a weak start to the year.
“I‘m not expecting much,” DVB Bank's van Leeuwen said of Singapore Airshow orders. “I wouldn't be disappointed if there are few orders or if the whole year in 2018 doesn't bring many orders because this is an industry where there is an eight-year backlog of production.”
The buzz around product launches - a big sales driver at airshows - is expected to be missing at the Singapore event as Boeing's keenly watched decision on introducing a potential new mid-market airplane is not expected until later in 2018.
BIG AIR FORCE BUDGETS
On the military side, Southeast Asian countries are bolstering their air forces amid insecurity over China's rise and its increasingly assertive stance in the South China Sea.
The Republic of Singapore Air Force, Southeast Asia's biggest spender and a potential future Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 customer, celebrates its 50th anniversary this year and will launch the festivities at the airshow.
North Korea's ballistic missile program and potential internal instability in some Southeast Asian countries are also lifting budgets, although in other cases political events, such as an upcoming election in Malaysia, could push back buying decisions.
China's Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group will be displaying two versions of its Wing Loong reconnaissance and strike drones at the show in hopes of penetrating the Asian market. However, it may be too early for Chinese products to gain much traction at a time when the Trump administration is calling on military attaches and diplomats to boost U.S. arms sales.
The United States is, for the first time in years, sending its diplomat responsible for foreign military sales to the Singapore Airshow to promote U.S.-made weapons as part of a new “Buy American” initiative, a U.S. official said on Thursday.
“I think few countries are going to buy much from China,” said Richard Bitzinger, a senior fellow at Singapore's S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies.
“Partly it is a reliability thing and partly it is ‘if you really want to keep the United States engaged, you buy their weapons systems'. In a sense it is still the U.S.'s market to lose.”
by Dave Bendinger
Bristol Bay Times-Dutch Harbor Fisherman
The City of Manokotak is still advancing its road-to-Dillingham proposal, even as the cost to build the road may be upwards of $100 million.
Manokotak likes a recent feasibility study's "Alternative 1", which runs from the Airport Access Road in Manokotak to the end of Dillingham's Kanakanak Road. At 16.8 miles, it is the shortest of five proposed routes, but also is estimated to be the most expensive.
"It's closer to Dillingham using the southern route. Closer to the hospital, and it is in line with the tribal transportation plan the Manokotak Village Council has," said Mayor Melvin Andrew. "On top of that, we'd like to give Clark's Point an opportunity to access their land for the economic opportunities they have address in the past year."
This southern or "coastal" route is located primarily on lands on the village corporations for Manokotak and Clark's Point. Andrew said he is eager to discuss with his neighbors across the Nushagak Bay their interest in seeing that road developed, which would include a 1,600-foot bridge across the Snake River. Clark's Point has expressed interest in possibly seeing a port developed near the mouth of the Snake River, and facilities for launching vessels at the bridge, if developed.
It also passes mainly over wetlands, meaning permitting could be complicated and construction very expensive. The Bristol Engineering study suggested the road would cost $104 million to build and a few million more to upkeep over 30 years. The bridge, which would be built for the two southern routes, is estimated to cost $46 million, about double the price tag for the Wood River Bridge in Aleknagik.
Alternative 4 was favored by survey respondents in Dillingham. At 22.5 miles, it is the longest route, but also estimated to be the cheapest to build. It would run north from Manokotak and cross the Weary and Snake Rivers with a pair of 250-foot bridges, then end at Warehouse Mountain Road. Dillingham respondents recognized this route would open up access to excellent hunting and fishing country and improve access to some cabins and private property. It crosses Manokotak Natives Limited, state, and BLM lands.
The impetus behind building a road, said Melvin, is to give Manokotak access to the jobs and supplies in Dillingham. Manokotak residents came out more in favor of than opposed to the road, according to the study, but not without some apprehension. There was concern raised primarily about importation of drugs and alcohol.
"We believe there is more good to this project than there is bad," said Andrew. "You know there's always impact on every economic opportunity, like a road project, but there are certainly some advantages here that we can take."
That is dependent, of course, on if the road could ever find funding. The city will keep pressing, and Andrew hopes to have a proposal put together this year. He believes eventually this road will get built.
"I wish it could happen tomorrow," he said. "As soon as we decide on the couple of routes that are possible, we'll go into plan and design, which could take up to five years. So we're looking at construction possibly within the next 10 years."
Following is a list of release dates for the quarterly earnings of some top Malaysia-listed companies. All dates are confirmed except those marked by a "TBD", which means it will be released around those dates. To submit a date, email: liz.lee@thomsonreuters.com TBD: To be determined Company RIC PERIOD DATE AirAsia Bhd Q1 May 24-29 AMMB Holdings Bhd Q4 May 25-29 Astro Malaysia Holdings Bhd Q1 May 29 Axiata Group Bhd Q1 May 26 British American Tobacco Q1 Apr 20 (Malaysia) Bhd MISC Bhd Q1 May 4 CIMB Group Holdings Bhd Q1 May 24-29 DiGi.com Bhd Q1 Apr 28 Felda Global Ventures Q1 May 22-26 Holdings Bhd Genting Malaysia Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Genting Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Hong Leong Bank Bhd Q3 May 22-26 Hong Leong Financial Group Q3 May 22-26 Bhd IHH Healthcare Bhd Q1 May 24-29 IOI Corporation Bhd Q3 May 19 Kuala Lumpur Kepong Bhd Q1 May 15-19 Malayan Banking Bhd Q1 May 25 Maxis Bhd Q1 Apr 19-24 Petroliam Nasional Bhd Q1 TBD Petronas Chemicals Group Bhd Q1 May 15 PPB Group Bhd Q1 May 29 Petronas Dagangan Bhd Q1 May 9-15 Petronas Gas Bhd Q1 May 15-17 Public Bank Bhd Q1 Apr 19-24 RHB Bank Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Sime Darby Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Tenaga Nasional Bhd Q2 Apr 27 Telekom Malaysia Bhd Q1 May 22-26 IOI Properties Group Bhd Q3 TBD UMW Holdings Bhd Q1 May 22-26 SapuraKencana Petroleum Bhd Q3 TBD YTL Corporation Bhd Q3 May 24-29 AirAsia X Bhd Q1 May 24-29
April 28 Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc
* SPECTRUM BRANDS HOLDINGS ANNOUNCES DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE PETMATRIX, LEADING AND FAST GROWING RAWHIDE-FREE DOG CHEWS COMPANY
* SPECTRUM BRANDS HOLDINGS INC SAYS FINANCIAL TERMS OF ACCRETIVE, ALL-CASH TRANSACTION WERE NOT DISCLOSED
* SPECTRUM BRANDS HOLDINGS INC - PETMATRIX IS ON PACE TO ACHIEVE APPROXIMATELY $75 MILLION IN SALES IN CALENDAR YEAR 2017
* SPECTRUM BRANDS HOLDINGS INC - ACQUISITION HAS BEEN APPROVED BY SPECTRUM BRANDS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Capitalizing on its opponent's depleted lineup, JPV Marikina FC returned to its winning ways by soundly beating Global Cebu FC, 5-2, in the lone Philippines Football League (PFL) match on Sunday at the Rizal Memorial Football Stadium in Manila.
Takumi Uesato, who struck the first hat-trick in the league, regained his scoring prowess as the Japanese striker fired four goals while fellow Japanese captain Takashi Odawara netted one within the first 45 minutes against the surprise replacement between Global Cebu's goal posts—Misagh Bahadoran.
With its seventh win in 14 outings, JPV Marikina snapped its five-game drought and hiked its total to 22 points on No. 5.
National team goalkeeper Patrick Deyto was not able to suit up due to accumulated yellow cards, forcing Global to assign another Azkals standout midfielder Bahadoran to protect the goal.
As a result, the Visayan club suffered its third defeat though it remained No. 2 with 28 points and five markers behind leader FC Meralco Manila.
Uesato ignited the scoring spree as he threaded Global's backline and fired the opening goal with under a minute past the kickoff.
The Voltes' top scorer quickly completed a hat-trick, finding the back of the net in the 13th and 18th minutes.
Odawara received a nifty ball inside the box then tapped it home. Uesato launched a long shot that lobbed past Bahadoran to give JPV a commanding 5-0 lead at the half.
Rufo Sanchez notched a goal anew in his second game for Global while Dennis Villanueva scored off a setpiece to trim the deficit down to three goals in the second half.
The Cebuanos gained momentum to turn the contest in their favor but they ran out of time.
FILE PHOTO: Khadzhimurat Akkaev of Russia competes in the men's 105kg weightlifting competition during the World Weightlifting Championships at Disney Village in Marne-la-Vallee outside Paris, November 12, 2011. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
FILE PHOTO: Russia's Victoria Valyukevich competes in the women's triple jump final during the London 2012 Olympic Games at the Olympic Stadium August 5, 2012. REUTERS/Reinhard Krause
BERLIN The International Olympic Committee said on Thursday it had disqualified four Russian athletes from the 2012 London Olympics after re-tests of their samples came back positive for banned substances.
The IOC said all four - Victoria Valyukevich, a triple jumper who was eighth in the women's competition, hammer throwers Gulfiya Khanafeeva and Mariia Bespalova, and weightlifter Khadzhimurat Akkaev, who did not compete due to a back injury, had tested positive for anabolic steroid turinabol.
The disqualification means they are stripped from London 2012's records. Valyukevich, having come in eighth, will also have to return a diploma she received for her finish.
More than 100 athletes have so had positive results in re-tests of samples taken during the London and Beijing 2008 Olympics conducted by the IOC.
The re-testing programme is part of the IOC's efforts to catch cheats using newer testing methods or looking for substances that were not known at the time of past Olympics and prevent them from competing in future Games.
Samples are stored for a decade, and for the 2008 and 2012 re-tests Russia has had the most positive cases per nation.
Russia saw virtually its entire track and field team banned from the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro as a result of a widespread national doping scandal that implicated sports officials, coaches, doctors and more than 1,000 athletes from many sports.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Mark Heinrich)
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
WASHINGTON, April 3 The Texas Republican spearheading tax reform efforts in the U.S. House of Representatives will meet with Democrats to discuss policy ideas, as Republicans try to secure a victory for President Donald Trump after his healthcare bill's failure.
House Ways and Means Committee Chair Kevin Brady said the meeting with his panel's 16 Democratic members will focus on ways to simplify the U.S. tax code for individuals and stop U.S. companies from moving production and research facilities overseas - both key House Republican tax reform objectives.
"At the end of the day, I don't want to make a prediction as to where that goes. But I think this engagement's important," Brady told reporters on Monday. "I'd love to have them bring their ideas on how we leapfrog America back into the lead as the most competitive place on earth for that new business."
The meeting is expected to take place on Wednesday, according to House aides.
A spokesman for Ways and Means Democrats had no immediate comment.
Brady said the meeting has nothing to do with the healthcare debacle on March 24, when the Republican-controlled House pulled legislation to repeal and replace the healthcare law known as Obamacare when it became clear that Republicans would fall short of the votes needed. Trump blamed the failure on hardline Republican conservatives who opposed the bill and threatened to reach out to Democrats.
But the Trump administration has signaled an interest in finding bipartisan support for tax reform legislation, billed as the first comprehensive overhaul of the U.S. tax code since 1986.
The White House has also shown signs of moving away from the House tax reform blueprint backed by Brady and House Speaker Paul Ryan, informing Republican lawmakers on March 16 that all options were on the table.
The House blueprint, which Democrats oppose, calls for sweeping changes and tax cuts that would mainly benefit the wealthy. But it has divided the business community and Republicans over a border adjustment tax provision that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports while exempting export revenues from tax.
White House officials told lawmakers last month that they were seriously considering other options, including deficit-funded tax cuts and a European-style value-added tax for businesses.
Brady expects to unveil tax reform legislation this spring, with a full House vote as early as the summer. (Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Leslie Adler)
S.U.R.&R. PS2000 Repairs or Replaces Nearly any Power Steering Line in Minutes
The S.U.R.&R. PS2000 Power Steering Hose Replacement Kit
End
-- S.U.R.&R. has introduced a new power steering line kit that will replace or repair hundreds of different high or low-pressure line types very quickly. The S.U.R.&R. PS2000 (https://surrauto.com/kits/ps2000/)adds to the company's extensive list of solutions for the automotive fluid line industry designed to help service professionals serve their customers better.The 37-piece kit comes with everything required to make a new line within minutes. The components include five compression-style hoses six to 30 inches in length, two 25' coils of UltraBEND® Tubing (3/8" and 5/16") and the most popular threaded fittings to cover 85 percent of domestic or foreign power steering lines. In addition, this technology can be used in select clutch, industrial and heavy-duty applications."The advantage to the installer is that the PS2000 provides maximum flexibility to either repair or replace lines," said Bob Joy, S.U.R.&R. National Sales Manager. "With this kit, waiting for parts is a thing of the past. We have you covered."The kit is universal in its application for replacing or repairing hundreds of different line types sized at 3/8" or 5/16".· Double braded hose pressure rated 1,500 PSI, Burst Pressure 6,000 PSI· Working temperature range between -40°F to +250°F· Exceeds SAE J188 Type 1 specifications· Heavy–duty compression connections feature "double–seal"technology with an O–Ring and interchangeable ferrule.For more information about the entire S.U.R.&R. product line contact National Sales Manager Bob Joy at 1.800.390.3996 ext. 201 or bobjoy@surrauto.com. Visit us online at www.surrauto.com ( https://surrauto.com/
Astronomers are set to scan an "alien" comet for signs of extraterrestrial technology.
The cigar-shaped asteroid, named "Oumuamua" by its discoverers, sailed past Earth last month and is the first interstellar object seen in the solar system.
A team of alien-hunting scientists, led by Russian billionaire Yuri Milner, will scan the comet this week before it sails beyond the reach of Earth's telescopes, according to the Daily Mail.
Traveling at 44km a second, the comet is headed away from the Earth and sun on its way out of the solar system. Photo / Nasa
They say they are looking for radio signals, claiming the mysterious visitor could be an alien spaceship.
Advertisement
Milner, the business mogul behind Breakthrough Listen, a $100 million (NZ$388.8m) search for intelligent extraterrestrial life, received an email about the object last week from one of his chief scientists, the Atlantic reports.
"The more I study this object, the more unusual it appears, making me wonder whether it might be an artificially made probe which was sent by an alien civilisation," Professor Avi Loeb, the chair of Harvard's astronomy department and one of Milner's advisers on Breakthrough Listen, wrote in the email.
Professor Loeb said the space rock's peculiar elongated shape is odd for a common space rock but ideal for a ship flying between star systems.
Breakthrough Listen has now announced the program will scan Oumuamua this week for signs of radio signals.
"Researchers working on long-distance space transportation have previously suggested that a cigar or needle shape is the most likely architecture for an interstellar spacecraft, since this would minimise friction and damage from interstellar gas and dust," the research firm said in a statement.
"While a natural origin is more likely, there is currently no consensus on what that origin might have been, and Breakthrough Listen is well positioned to explore the possibility that Oumuamua could be an artefact."
Traveling at 44 kilometres per second, the comet is headed away from the Earth and Sun on its way out of the solar system. Photo / NASA
The alien-hunting project will use the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia for its investigation.
The object is now twice the distance between Earth and the sun from our planet, but even at this range the Green Bank Telescope can pick up the slightest signal.
Milner and his team want to measure the object before it extends beyond the reach of Earthbound scanning equipment.
The object will fly past Jupiter next year, and will hurtle beyond Pluto by the 2020s.
"Whether it's artificial or not, we will definitely know more about this object," Milner told the Atlantic.
Oumuamua, also known as Comet C/2017 U1, baffled scientists when it flew past Earth at breakneck speed in November.
It was first spotted by a telescope in Hawaii on 18 October, and was observed 34 separate times in the following week.
Travelling at 44 kilometres per second (27 mph), the comet is headed away from the Earth and Sun on its way out of the solar system.
The comet is up to one-quarter mile (400 meters) long and highly-elongated - perhaps 10 times as long as it is wide.
That aspect ratio is greater than that of any asteroid or comet observed in our solar system to date.
But the comet's slightly red hue — specifically pale pink — and varying brightness are remarkably similar to objects in our own solar system.
While its elongated shape is unusual, it may provide new clues as to how other star systems in the universe formed.
The observations, part-funded by Nasa suggested this unusual object had been wandering through the Milky Way, unattached to any star system, for hundreds of millions of years before its chance encounter with our star system.
"For decades we've theorised that such interstellar objects are out there, and now – for the first time – we have direct evidence they exist," Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for Nasa's Science Mission Directorate in Washington, said in a statement in November.
"This history-making discovery is opening a new window to study formation of solar systems beyond our own."
Application ranges straight seam steel pipe diameter range is 406~1600mm, even larger under special circumstances, the ratio of pipe wall thickness to pipe diameter is about 0.06~0.08. Foreign modern pipe making technology can produce welded pipes with wall thickness up to 100mm.
There are only a few methods for producing straight seam steel pipes from steel or steel strips in the industry. The principle difference lies in the forming method of the steel pipes. The subsequent processing of the steel pipes after forming is basically the same.
The forming method depends in principle on the distribution of the welds of the steel pipes. The steel pipes are divided into two basic forms according to the distribution of the welds: lsaw steel pipes and lsaw steel pipes. Correspondingly, the production of welded pipes is divided into the production of straight seam steel pipes and the production of spiral seam pipes. The most widely used welding method for straight seam steel tubes and spiral seam tubes is submerged arc welding (SAW), which has good quality, high productivity, mature technology and stability.
At present, foreign straight seam steel pipes are widely used in the following ranges:
· Main pipelines for the transport of gas, water and oil on land and in the sea;
· The chemical industry transports stainless steel pipes for chemical raw materials and products;
· Marine industrial structure pipe;
· Boiler manufacturing tubes and special purpose structural tubes.
Production of straight seam steel pipe
The production of straight seam steel pipes can be divided into two stages, namely the forming stage and the post-forming manufacturing stage.
The production of large-diameter straight seam submerged arc welded steel pipes in foreign countries is divided into four types according to the forming method:
· UOE process;
· Rollbending process;
· Progressive forming process;
· Progressive folding process.
Production of straight seam steel pipe
1.1 Forming stage
1.1.1 UOE forming
This method has the highest productivity and is the most important production method for straight seam steel pipes. The brief production process of the unit is first bent into a U shape, then pressed into an O shape, mechanical cooling expansion (Expansion) after internal and external welding.This method is characterized by the availability of extremely stable steel tubes with high productivity and the production of steel tubes over 18 m in length.
1.1.2 Roll forming
In this method, after several steps on the roll bending machine, the steel sheet is bent into an open tube, and the edge of the opening is not deformed and is still straight. Then open the tube is sent to the edge bender and the two edges of the plate are continuously rolled.
This method is characterized by strong adaptability and good economics for medium production, but the minimum diameter and maximum wall thickness of the steel pipe produced restricted.
1.1.3 Gradual molding
The forming process of this method is that the steel sheet is first sent to the pressing type, and then sent to the bending position by the controller, and an open tube is formed after passing through a series of pressing molds matched with the tube diameter. There are two controllers in operation, one side of the board is first bent into a semicircle, then the board is second controller moving, the other side is then also bent. Since the thickness of the curved die affects the roundness of the open tube, the thickness of the curved die must be kept to a minimum. Typically, after the forming is completed, the open tube is sent to the edge bender and the two edges of the sheet are continuously rolled into the desired shape. This method is characterized by strong adaptability, economical for medium production, and the ability to make small diameter and thick wall steel pipes.
1.1.4 Gradual bending forming
The steel tube forming by this method was originally used in the marine industry, and it is often necessary to form a particularly thick steel pipe by using a controlled rolling sheet in a cold state, and this method has high forming precision and pressure, and is used for making a sea. Industrial thick-walled steel pipe. This method is characterized by high-strength and thick-walled steel pipes, which are suitable for both small diameters and large diameters, so it can be manufactured in trunk pipes and marine structural pipes; system equipment is low in cost, adaptable, and economical. Good sex, even in small batch production, can reduce costs.
1.2 Manufacturing stage after forming
After the above forming stage is completed, the post-manufacturing stage of the large-diameter straight seam steel pipe includes a series of substantially similar processes, the main process:
1.2.1 The edge of the board is machined to weld the groove.
The machining methods are milling and planing. On either side of the board, there may be one or more milling and planing heads. According to the thickness of the plate, the groove can be processed into an I-shaped, single V or double V groove with a certain blunt edge. The extra-thick steel pipe can be used to mill the outer seam into a U-shaped groove. The purpose is to reduce the consumption of welding materials and increase the productivity, while the root is wider to avoid welding defects.
1.2.2 tack welding, commonly known as pre-welding. It is generally carried out by carbon dioxide gas shielded welding, the purpose of which is to stabilize the steel pipe, which is particularly useful for subsequent submerged arc welding to prevent burn through. After the steel pipe is positioned and welded, it shall be visually inspected to confirm that the weld is continuous without any defects.
2.2.3 Inner and outer welding of steel pipes, that is, precision welding. After the steel pipe is positioned and welded, the subsequent welding is mainly the inner and outer welding of the steel pipe, which is an important part of the steel pipe manufacturing process. It is completed by a submerged arc welding method separate from the forming unit. In order to improve productivity, the inner and outer seams are welded by multi-wire submerged arc welding, and the number of welding wires can be up to 5 wires. In order to avoid weld deviation, a special weld automatic centering device is installed on the welding head. Multi-layer welding is applied to thick-walled steel pipes to reduce heat input and improve the physical properties of the weld.
1.2.4 Weld inspection.
In order to identify the welding defects as soon as possible, ultrasonic testing and X-ray inspection are performed immediately after the welding operation is completed, and the defects are found to be repaired in time.
1.2.5 Cold expansion.
After the completion of welding, the roundness and straightness of the steel pipe usually cannot meet the relevant standards and technical requirements. The sizing and straightness are used in the pipe manufacturing plant and are completed by the mechanical cold expansion method.
1.2.6 Water pressure test of steel pipes.
The test pressure can be as high as 90% or more of the yield strength of the steel pipe material.
1.2.7 Finally, the entire steel pipe is subjected to ultrasonic inspection and X-ray inspection and visual inspection.
U.S. President Donald Trump holds up an executive order on ''Energy Independence,'' eliminating Obama-era climate change regulations, during a signing ceremony at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) headquarters in Washington, U.S., March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON A Native American tribe in Montana and a coalition of conservation groups sued the Trump administration on Wednesday for lifting a moratorium on coal leases on public land without consulting tribal leaders and conducting a full environmental review.
"It is alarming and unacceptable for the United States, which has a solemn obligation as the Northern Cheyenne's trustee, to sign up for many decades of harmful coal mining near and around our homeland without first consulting with our Nation," Tribal Council Chairman and President Jace Killsback said in a statement.
The Northern Cheyenne Tribe in southern Montana said the administration had lifted the moratorium without hearing the tribe's concerns about the coal-leasing program's impact on its members and lands.
The tribe sent a letter earlier this month to Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke requesting a meeting to discuss the issue. Zinke did not respond, and signed the order lifting the moratorium on Tuesday.
In a press call on Wednesday, Zinke did not respond to a query about the Northern Cheyenne lawsuit.
Killsback said the tribe, which filed the lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Great Falls, would be harmed by lifting the ban.
"The Northern Cheyenne rarely shares in the economic benefits to the region generated by coal industry and other energy development projects," he said.
About 426 million tons of federal coal are located near the Northern Cheyenne Reservation at the Decker and Spring Creek mines in Montana, the tribe said.
However, neighboring tribe, the Crow, relies on coal production as its predominant industry and has called for the relaxation of coal regulations for years.
"A war on coal is a war on the Crow people," Zinke said on the call.
Legal group Earthjustice argued that lifting the coal moratorium imperils public health for the benefit of coal companies.
"No one voted to pollute our public lands, air or drinking water in the last election, yet the Trump administration is doing the bidding of powerful polluters as nearly its first order of business," Earthjustice attorney Jenny Harbine said in a statement.
The legal filing said that undoing the moratorium violates the National Environmental Policy Act, which requires a full environmental review prior to major policy changes.
(Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Leslie Adler and Richard Chang)
April 20 Euro zone economic growth will be steady but modest over the coming year, but that will depend partly on independent candidate Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidency next month, a Reuters poll of economists showed.
The results suggest forecasters, like investors and traders, appear unrattled by political uncertainty as France prepares for a presidential election in which far right and anti-European Union leader Marine Le Pen is polling strongly, although no major survey sees her winning.
France is the EU's second biggest economy so turmoil there would weigh on the wider bloc.
"A win by the populist Marine Le Pen in the second round could result in a prolonged period of uncertainty as she attempts to negotiate better terms for France remaining in the EU." said Beata Caranci, chief economist at TD Securities.
"This outcome would undoubtedly increase volatility in global financial markets, particularly in European equities, bonds, and currencies."
A separate poll of foreign exchange strategists earlier this month showed the euro falling about 5 percent to near 15-year lows and close to parity against the dollar in the immediate aftermath of a Le Pen win the vote.
Still, the latest poll of over 80 economists showed predictions for euro zone growth and inflation have barely budged over the last two years of monthly Reuters surveys.
"Our macro views involve assumptions on not just policy but also politics, especially in Europe. For example, underlying our growth forecasts is the view that European elections will not lead to governments that try to take their countries out of the euro area," noted Ajay Rajadhyaksha, head of macro research at Barclays.
When asked which candidate for the presidency would be best for French economic growth, 30 of 51 respondents said Emmanuel Macron, 19 said François Fillon and the remaining two economists said both. But none chose Marine Le Pen.
STEADY AS SHE GOES
Economic growth in the euro zone is expected to be steady at 0.4 percent in each quarter through the third quarter of next year, unchanged from last month's poll.
Median consensus for annual GDP growth for this year was 1.7 percent and for next it was 1.6 percent, in line with the International Monetary Fund's latest projections.
But inflation is forecast to remain below the European Central Bank's target of close to but under 2 percent until at least 2019. The highest call was for inflation to average 2.1 percent this year.
Those decent-yet-uninspiring predictions come despite surprisingly strong business confidence surveys and hints of a pickup in price pressures since the start of the year.
But with the inflation outlook still tepid, economists unianimously said the ECB would stand pat at its monetary policy meeting on April 27. The central bank is expected to keep its interest rates on hold through to until at least the fourth quarter of 2018.
While the ECB is expected to remain on the sidelines through this year, when asked on the next likely move, a majority of economists said it would extend its asset purchases programme beyond December 2017 with a cut to the monthly spend, currently at 60 billion euros per month.
The next top pick was for the ECB to announce a taper to its its asset purchase program with an intention to wind it down completely.
"The first step in the ECB's exit strategy is likely to be tapering and not hiking policy rates," said Kristian Toedtmann, economist at DekaBank.
"The ECB wants to withdraw stimulus only very slowly. At the same time, it seems not inclined to extend the universe of assets that it can buy. Therefore, the most consistent way to normalize monetary policy would be to phase out QE."
(For other stories from the poll)
(Additional reporting by Sujith Pai; Polling and analysis by Vartika Sahu Editing by Jeremy Gaunt.)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham has some fabulous independent places to stop off for a coffee, tea and more.
And there are certainly plenty of them dotted across the city centre and the suburbs.
But what's great is the increasing number of fine independent alternatives to the ubiquitous chains.
Here are our favourites in the city centre where recent newcomers include 200 Degrees, 3 Threes, Soda Bread, WrapLab and even Waterstones.
But, offering a challenge to all the rest is...
Damascena
Temple Row West
(Photo: Graham Young)
Building on the success of the coffee shop of the same name opened in Moseley in June 2014, Syria-born owner Anas Zein has developed this brilliant site in between Caffe Nero and the Old Joint Stock pub.
Replacing a former Lisa Shepherd hairdresser's salon, ‘Zein' has somehow not only created what is quite possibly Birmingham's first perfect coffee shop but one which feels like it has been there maturing for years.
As well having a wonderful view of the Birmingham Cathedral of St Philip's and a most welcoming entrance, the hallway will transport you through to another world in a matter of yards.
(Photo: Iain Findlay)
Factor in the competitively priced quality of the amazing dishes, fine coffees, lovely cakes and sandwiches and you will see that Damascena has it all.
And yes, it's even got wi-fi, too.
Faculty
Piccadilly Arcade, New Street
(Photo: Graham Young)
This tiny, spartan shop with tables to match keeps ranking in the top 10 for coffee in Birmingham on Trip Advisor – even though you'll probably have to find a bigger rival in order to go to the loo.
Our latte and cappuccinos were of high quality, if a touch on the small side.
Some might find they would prefer the coffee to be made hotter but then you risk going too far for the quality of taste.
There was no faulting a round of sourdough toast with wrapped butter while the anzac biscuit was beautifully chewy.
(Photo: Graham Young)
Faculty founder Geoff Lam originally used to run Saint in St Paul's Square; wife Lucy runs the Sixteen Bakery shop next door where kids of all ages will love the lemonade.
The bread is sourced from Peel & Stone in Water Street, Jewellery Quarter.
The best cafes in Grand Central
Centenary Lounge
Moor Street Station
(Photo: Graham Young)
The elegantly timeless Art Deco surroundings of the Moor Street cafe are infinitely preferable to the Euston-style drabness of the sister operation at Snow Hill Station, but the coffees will be pretty much the same.
Lattes and cappuccinos are served in liveried cups.
(Photo: GrahamYoung)
So it's a modern coffee taste in a traditional setting in the Centenary Lounge at Moor Street.
Head here for the best of both worlds.
Second Coffee Cup Company
New Street
(Photo: Graham Young)
This is not strictly an independent as the parent company is a Canadian coffee giant, but this franchised shop is a one-off in the city and feels sufficiently different as to warrant inclusion on this list.
Go to Starbucks and you won't find details like Paradiso (medium, signature balanced blend), La Minita (medium, sweet and fruity), Columbian San Agustin (light, smooth and bright).
Or, for a denser flavour you might find Sumatra Mandheling (medium dark, rich and full bodied), Brazil Fazenda Formosa (medium dark, smokey and sweet) and Paradiso Dark (dark, bold and with cocoa notes).
SCC also offers sandwiches, salads, coffee, patisserie and tea and has type of seating imaginable from benches to chairs, stools and sofas.
Quarter Horse Cafe and Roastery
Bristol Street
(Photo: Graham Young)
Opened in February 2015, this coffee shop has its own roastery... and the chance to buy coffee subscriptions for three, six or 12 months.
The company's only other shop was founded in Oxford in 2012.
A mustard-coloured latte made with beans from Burundi was as smooth as silk and accompanied by a fine art-standard foam motif.
Soda Bread Cafe
St Paul's Square
(Photo: Sanjeeta Bains)
Behind a bright red door that used to lead to an estate agency is a cafe which opened in September 2016 with German and Irish dishes dominating the menu.
It also sells which serves ‘special recovery full English breakfasts', as well as lunch, teas, coffee and wines.
Don't miss a large picture of The Beatles drinking tea with the words “Something for a hard day's night?”
3 Threes
Martineau Square, Corporation Street
(Photo: 3 Threes cafe on Facebook)
This vegan and veggie coffee shop opened in April 2016 and quickly followed up with a second on Great Hampton St in November.
Its signature dish is the 8.5 ins vegan jumbo frankfurter – made with tofu served in soft roll with jalapenos, mustard, tomatoes and ketchup.
Soups on the menu include lentil and leek & potato. Salads include quinoa, edamame and corn.
And, as well as cakes, cupcakes, brownies and shortbread, they will also make you coffee how you like it.
Waterstones
High Street, Birmingham
(Photo: Graham Young)
The country's tallest bookshop reopened in November 2015 following a total refurbishment.
It now includes not one but two cafes where customers can sit and chat, relax and read or keep up with the world via the in-store wi-fi.
Most of the food is supplied by quality local businesses.
The cafe on the first floor has a great view looking down New Street.
Home Is Where...
Church Street, Birmingham
(Photo: Graham Young)
This deli is well-fitted out with a smart service bar.
Shabby chic tables and wall-hung bric-a-brac, posters and books contribute to a relaxed feel.
And there is an above average range of cold drinks, too.
(Photo: Graham Young)
A latte cup lacked an artisan motif on top.
But it was a very pleasant drink if you like your coffee to be smooth and milky.
Jake's Coffee Box
Eden Place
(Photo: Nick Wilkinson)
The city's smallest coffee shop opened in a former red telephone box in August 2015– directly opposite Starbucks.
Could a man with one day's barista training on a new Expobar machine deliver finer coffee taste than Seattle's mightiest beast. You bet!
The latte had a rich texture, full of flavour and the foam clung to the side of the quality cup while I drank it.
Proprietor Jake Hollier is also selling a range of muffins and pastries as well as Fairtrade foods including sausage rolls with exotic fillings like Shropshire Blue and caramelised onions.
Six Eight Kafe
Temple Row
(Photo: Graham Young)
This is one of the city's smallest coffee shops, but if it was a boxer it would be said to be punching well above its weight.
As well as the small but good quality sandwiches and fine cakes and the very impressive foam motifs, recent treats include a challenge to see if you prefer salted caramel or rocky road brownies.
The refurbished basement is useful for hosting events and Six Eight Kafe also has a sister cafe on Floor 2 of Millennium Point, Curzon Street.
Urban Coffee
Church Street
(Photo: Graham Young)
Founded in 2009, this shop has steps to an upper floor.
The middle of the ground floor is lost to a staircase leading down to a solitary loo in the basement, but the views from the window seats are pleasant at the heart of the Colmore Business District.
Urban Coffee also has a sister shop at the Jewellery Quarter's Big Peg.
(Photo: Graham Young)
Here, the current breakfast menu there includes avocado smash with chilli and lemon on sourdough toast (£4.65) or you can have a three-egg omelette for £4.50 including two fillings - guaranteed to keep you going all day long.
Lattes are currently £2.65 and come with expert motifs.
Yorks Espresso Bar
Colmore Row
(Photo: Graham Young)
Brewed for 14 hours at room temperature, Yorks offers a highly-caffeinated cold brew coffee served from a coffee “kegerator”.
Space is at a premium downstairs, but there is also a small upper area upstairs if you like your coffee shop to be very intimate.
The extraordinary lattice effect inside the cups is testimony to the science involved in making a proper brew.
(Photo: Graham Young)
If you are in the mood, try a giant muffin.
Other treats are available, presented in open, counter-top fashion.
The big sister shop is at Stephenson Street where we recently tried a hangover breakfast
Java Lounge
Colmore Row
(Photo: Graham Young)
After launching the first Java Lounge in Moseley in 2004, company founder Akram Almulad has now expanded into the former Hudsons right opposite Starbucks.
The Grade I listed building is stylish with wood and leather furniture to match.
It's also practical too, with plenty of places to plug in laptops if you have time to linger.
(Photo: Graham Young)
This place serves quality coffee and the food is pretty good too.
Cherry Reds
John Bright Street
(Photo: Graham Young)
This all-day cafe/bar serves cooked breakfasts all day, plus hot and cold lunches. Alcohol from 10am, food till 10pm.
The John Bright Street site makes good use of an old building – it resembles a time warp crossed with a homely, nook-filled second hand shop and the furniture is so ill-matched it goes together perfectly, especially in the upstairs' front room which has a fine view of the street.
(Photo: Graham Young)
It feels very student-friendly, right down to slightly sticky tables early on a Saturday.
You could say it's a place to feel comfortable in if you hate stainless steel.
For a treat try deluxe, Cadbury's hot chocolate with cream and mini marshmallows.
Coffee Time Coffee Bar and Creperia
Central Square Kiosk (Clock Tower) The Square Shopping Centre, Priory Square
(Photo: Graham Young)
This coffee shop is in a part of town that has been overlooked in recent years thanks to a mixture of tram roadworks nearby and the rise of the Bullring.
But it's in a really good, open position and has cappuccinos rich in flavour with a high quality texture.
They're big on crepes, too.
Saint Kitchen
St Paul's Square
(Photo: Graham Young)
Known in a former life as Saint Caffe when it was run by Geoff Lam, now at Faculty, the reinvented Saint Kitchen has just had a total refurb.
It now combines a new floor with white tiles, spotlights and a mixture of wooden bench tables and white tables with red and grey chairs. The menu boards are easier to read.
200 Degrees
Colmore Row
This coffee shop and barista school opened inside The Grand Hotel building in Colmore Row in August 2016 to join the ranks of independent Birmingham coffee shops which take their brews seriously.
If you want to try a coffee with milk that is still strong, try the cortado – equal parts espresso and steamed milk.
We went for a traditional cappuccino and latte, both of which had exquisitely-crafted foam motifs.
The menu changes every week but there are some fabulous sandwiches and cakes worth a try.
For even more places to try...
WrapLab
Great Western Arcade
(Photo: Graham Young)
This new ‘wrap' shop opened at the start of 2017 and includes a small bar area for sitting in.
Unfortunately on the day we visited, the coffee machine wasn't working.
But if it's as good as the wraps then you should be fine.
Upstairs Coffee
Water Street, Jewellery Quarter
Hylton Cafe
Hylton Street, Birmingham
Cafe Neo
Spencer St, Birmingham
Lords Cafe
The Citadel, Corporation Street, Birmingham
(Photo: Graham Young)
Vee's Delicatessen
83 Vyse St, Birmingham
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
VIENNA A record number of anti-Semitic incidents, ranging from verbal and online threats to assaults, were recorded in Austria last year, a non-governmental organisation said in a report published on Thursday.
The number of cases rose slightly in 2016 to 477 from 465 the previous year, when the figure had jumped by roughly 200, the organisation, the Forum Against Anti-Semitism said.
The report follows a finding by Austria's BVT domestic intelligence service a year ago that incidents involving xenophobia, Islamophobia and anti-Semitism were on the rise in the small country that was swept up in Europe's migration crisis and where the refugee influx has become a hot-button issue.
"It is of course alarming," said the president of the Jewish Community of Vienna (IKG), Oskar Deutsch.
"We now have two consecutive years at a record level," said Deutsch, who put the size of Austria's Jewish community at roughly 13,000-15,000 in an overall population of 8.8 million.
Growing concerns about jobs and security, often in connection with immigration, have helped fuel growing support for the far-right Freedom Party, which was founded by former Nazis. It is now running first in opinion polls.
The Freedom Party is strongly critical of Islam and denounces anti-Semitism, but its efforts to court Jewish voters have shown few signs of success. The IKG, the main body representing Austrian Jews, says it is still xenophobic.
The report said that cases involving insults and threats had increased by a third to 24 last year, while those involving the internet fell by a quarter to 153. Those involving letters and phone calls rose 7 percent to 198, and those involving damage to property rose 36 percent to 68.
There were seven assaults, up from two in 2015 but below the nine recorded in 2014.
Increased awareness and reporting was one of several factors that explained the eight-fold increase in incidents recorded since 2006, but there was also a weakening stigma associated with anti-Semitic views, the group that compiled the report said.
"What we see is that racism in general has become more socially acceptable in Austria," Amber Weinber of the Forum Against Anti-Semitism said, adding the same was true of anti-Semitism.
"Since it has become more socially acceptable, people increasingly are posting (anti-Semitic messages) in their own name or sending letters with return addresses on them," she said.
The causes of that shift were, however, hard to pin down, Weinber added. "We do not have an exact explanation. We can only say what we see," she said.
(Reporting by Francois Murphy; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
March 31 Bank Of Queensland Ltd
* Vicki Clarkson has been appointed as an additional company secretary with effect from 3 april 2017
* Michelle Thomsen remains a company secretary of BOQ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
March 31 Reliance Industries Ltd
* Reliance Industries says over 72 million Jio customers have signed up for Jio Prime
* Reliance Industries says Jio Prime members to get 3 months of complimentary service with first recharge of 303 rupees and above
* Reliance Industries says Jio extends timeline up to April 15 for first recharge
* Reliance Industries says Jio customers can enrol for Prime membership until April 15
* Reliance Industries says Jio Prime paid tariff plan will be applied only in July after the expiry of the complimentary service Source text for Eikon: bit.ly/2ojrqWo Further company coverage: (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury)
MEXICO CITY, March 30 Mexico's central bank is expected to raise its benchmark interest rate for the fifth meeting in a row on Thursday, but following that, policymakers are likely to slow the pace of hikes on the back of a rally in the peso.
The Banco de Mexico is set to raise rates by a quarter percentage point to 6.50 percent, according to 15 of 24 analysts surveyed by Reuters. Seven thought the bank could deliver a half-percentage point hike, while two expected no move.
Mexico's central bank has raised its benchmark rate in 50-basis point moves at all of its previous four meetings as the peso tumbled to successive historic lows and threatened to fan inflation.
That has pushed the benchmark rate to levels not seen since early 2009, when the bank was slashing borrowing costs amid a global financial crisis.
But the peso has rallied back from a record low in January on bets that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose big tariffs on Mexican exports to the United States and as initial talks about trade have taken a more positive tone.
"Inflation continues to surprise to the upside, but inflation worries have been mitigated by the remarkable rally in the Mexican peso seen over the past couple of months," said Gustavo Rangel, chief Latin America economist at ING in New York.
Mexico's annual inflation rate rose above 5 percent to a nearly eight-year high in early March, but policymakers say it should trend back toward their 3 percent target by next year.
Last week, central bank chief Agustin Carstens said the peso's recovery will help inflation cool back toward 3 percent, while also suggesting the peso could gain more ground.
The peso has gained about 10 percent since the central bank's last decision on Feb. 9 and it is trading at its strongest levels since Trump's election victory in November. (Reporting by Michael O'Boyle; Editing by Bill Rigby)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
New York Mets' Adrian Gonzalez drives in a run with a double during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Atlanta. John Bazemore AP Photo
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Conor McGregor of Ireland warms up in a boxing ring during a workout at the UFC Performance Center in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., August 11, 2017.
(Reuters) - Fight fans attending the much-hyped boxing match between Floyd Mayweather and mixed martial artist Conor McGregor will have a chance to rub shoulders with the stars in Las Vegas -- but it won't come cheap.
The least expensive ticket listed on reseller StubHub is going for an eye-watering $1675 with two weeks to go until the Aug. 26 fight which pits undefeated boxer Mayweather against the UFC's lightweight champion in a 12-round super welterweight matchup.
"Usually for these large events it's comparable to a Super Bowl. There's going to be a lot of stars at these events, especially in the high-priced ticket range, the ringside seats," StubHub spokesman Cameron Papp said.
"This is a once-in-a-lifetime, bucket-list event, so the die-hard Mayweather and McGregor fans are usually going to find their way to the event."
The fight has not yet sold out, with high face values and a lack of access seeming to have slowed down demand.
Yet Leonard Ellebre, CEO of Mayweather Promotions, dismissed concerns about the fight's popularity earlier in the week.
"This isn't a damn Rolling Stones concert. They're the only thing that sells out in seconds, he told reporters at Mayweather's media workout in Las Vegas on Thursday.
"Right now we have over $60 million in ticket sales - what part of that remotely looks like ticket sales are slow?
Aug 10, 2017; Las Vegas, NV, USA; Floyd Mayweather Jr. hits a heavy bag during a media workout in preparation for his fight against Conor McGregor at Mayweather Boxing Club. Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports
"We're talking about tickets that go form $500 to $10,000. That's an expensive ticket."
The $60 million figure revealed by Ellebre dwarfs the UFC box office record of $17 million set at Madison Square Garden in November 2016 when McGregor defeated Eddie Alvarez to win the lightweight title.
That, however, is still a long way short of Mayweather's previous record of $72 million in ticket sales, a figure achieved when he met Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Garden Arena in Las Vegas in 2015.
"Boxing is still number one, but we've seen more growth in MMA over the last two years, they've really built up their brand and we're seeing the demand for it," Papp said.
One reason for this growth is the enormous popularity of McGregor, and it was fan interest in the fight between the brash 29-year-old and the unbeaten Mayweather that led to it being arranged.
One seller on the Vivid Seats website has listed a pair of ringside seats for the contest at a staggering $164,043 each, but Papp says that prices in secondary markets are likely to come down closer to the event.
"You're going to set your price pretty high early as a seller to see what you can get, but once you get closer to the event, sellers are looking to unload those tickets," Papp explained.
With fans hard-pressed to afford tickets, other venues in Las Vegas are jumping on the bandwagon, with the RiRa Irish pub, a popular bar among McGregor supporters, selling tickets for $150 just to watch the pay-per-view broadcast on TV.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Experts believe that the latest T-50-11 or the earlier T-50-10 variants of the original T-50 will inherit the onboard equipment of the T-50-9, which conducted its maiden flight on April 24, 2017.
The United Aircraft Corporation's CEO, Yuri Slyusarev, earlier said that the initial batch of 12 such planes will be supplied to the Aerospace Forces in 2019.
Initial Tests
Presented to President Vladimir Putin in 2014, the scaled-down model of the T-50 was a combination of the latest technological know-how for the Sukhoi Su-47 and MiG-1.44 prospective fighter jets, designed back in the Soviet days.
© Sputnik/ Alexei Druzhinin Prime Minister Vladimir Putin at the test if a T-50 fifth generation fighter
When the production of the F-22 Raptor fifth-generation multirole fighter, which became a legislator of fashion in the field of next generation fighter planes, started in the US in 1997, it became clear that Russia needed to replace the Su-27 with a plane that would be up to par with its Western counterparts.
Since its first flight in the early 2010s, the T-50 has receiving a vast series of upgrades to its avionics, stealth and armaments, Andrei Kots wrote.
The T-50-1 prototype took to the skies on January 29, 2010, and the T-50-2 followed suit on March 3, 2011. After 40 successful flight tests the
T-50-2 took part in the MAKS 2011 air show. Before taking off, however, one of its engines caught fire forcing the pilot to abort. Engineers fixed the faulty engine and the T-50-2 flight tests resumed.
The T-50-3 flew on July 24, 2012. Unlike its predecessors, the new prototype carried onboard active phased-array radar. In December 2012, the T-50-4 took to the skies with the same radar array on board. Both prototypes proved fast and highly maneuverable and their state-of-the-art radar systems worked perfectly.
© Photo: Russian Defense Ministry PAK FA
Second Stage
The T-50-6, T-50-8 and T-50-9 (maiden flights in April 2015, November 2016 and April 2017, respectively) were second-stage prototypes, enabling the use of upgraded AL-41F1 engines, similar to the ones powering the Su-35 fighters.
The second-stage engine, dubbed “Item 30,” will feature a new fan and control mechanism; it will be more fuel-efficient and will have greater endurance.
A pilot version of the second-stage PAK FA with a new engine is slated to fly later this year.
The T-50-6, T-50-8 and T-50-9 also have stronger airframes, bigger wingspans and make wider use of composite materials.
“Flight tests are proceeding at full swing. Everything is going well. We are already testing in-flight missile launches and the plane is performing just fine,” Aerospace Forces Commander Viktor Bondarev told reported on the sidelines of the MAKS 2015 airshow.
All Set for Mass Production
In July, Viktor Bondarev said that the construction of the highly appraised ninth, 10th and 11th prototypes of the Su-57 was slated to begin shortly.
“I see no physiological limits whatsoever for PAK FA pilots. The designers are working to make sure that much of the pilot's work is done by the plane itself,” Bondarev added.
With six Su-57s scheduled for delivery to the Aerospace Forces by next year, with mass production beginning shortly afterwards, Andrei Kots concluded.
© Sputnik/ PAK FA (Advanced Tactical Air Sistem) T-50
© Sputnik/ Valeriy Melnikov
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Russia
LONDON Britain is likely to leave the European Union police agency Europol after Brexit and could "take our information" away if no future security deal is struck with the bloc, interior minister Amber Rudd said on Wednesday.
Hours after Prime Minister Theresa May formally kicked off Britain's divorce from the EU beginning two years of negotiations with the bloc, Rudd warned a failure to reach an agreement over security would weaken cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism.
However, she said a deal was in both sides' interest and security was not an issue that was going "to be traded".
Rudd did admit that it was likely that Britain would no longer be a member of Europol but said it was Britain's intent to strike agreements which would provide the same security benefits both sides currently enjoyed.
"What we need to do is have a relationship with Europol that allows us equal access," she told Sky News. "We need to have an agreement with Europol to make sure that we continue to contribute and we continue to take out."
Britain is one of the top three users of Europol data while European nations also benefit from the information the UK brings from its long-standing "Five Eyes" intelligence sharing pact with the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
"We are the largest contributor to Europol, so if we left Europol ... then we would take our information - this is in the legislation - with us," Rudd said.
"The fact is the European partners want us to keep our information in there, because we keep other European countries safe as well. This isn't a huge contentious issue."
UK security officials and police chiefs have previously warned of the dangers of leaving Europol and the agreement covering the European Arrest Warrant, which requires all EU governments to arrest a suspect wanted in another EU country.
"In bluntest form, we must be able to continue to exchange intelligence and we must be able to understand the movement of criminals and criminal behaviour across international borders," Lynne Owens, Director General of Britain's National Crime Agency said last September.
Claude Moraes, a Briton who chairs the European Parliament's Liberty, Justice and Home Affairs Committee, said it was important that the issue of security cooperation was taken more seriously than it had been.
"The problem is that security lies very awkwardly in the negotiations. It's not an easy bargaining chip," he told Reuters.
(Reporting by Michael Holden and Alistair Smout in London and Alissa de Carbonnel in Brussels; editing by Stephen Addison)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 6 Australian shares edged lower on Thursday, following Wall Street's fall overnight, after the U.S. Federal Reserve signalled it could begin cutting its large balance sheet earlier than expected.
The S&P/ASX 200 index slipped 0.6 percent, or 36.50 points at 5,839.70 by 0217 GMT.
Minutes from the March Fed meeting showed most policymakers thought the U.S. central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year. Banks had expected no changes until mid-2018.
"The big turnaround we saw in the United States is bleeding through into our market," Christopher Conway, head of research and trading at Australian Stock Report.
Aussie financial stocks lost 1.3 percent tracking their U.S. peers, with the "Big Four" losing between 1-1.6 percent.
Australia's banking watchdog said on Wednesday that authorities can and will take further action if needed to stop a debt-fuelled bubble in the country's red-hot housing market.
"Bank stocks may be key to the ASX 200 today, as investors assess the possibility of banks being required to increase capital to support housing loans," said Ric Spooner Chief Market analyst at CMC Markets.
Investors were also wary ahead of a potentially tense meeting later on Thursday between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.
Topping the agenda will be whether Trump makes good on his threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea.
Energy stocks also lost ground due to a fall in oil prices, as record U.S. crude inventories underscored that markets remain bloated by high production and brimming storage.
Shares in BHP Billiton Ltd fell 0.7 percent after it said it won't meet its export commitments from the cyclone-struck northeast Australia.
Gold stocks gained due to "a shift in risk sentiment," Conway said.
The gold index rose nearly 2 percent to its highest in over five weeks. Newcrest Mining Ltd rose 0.6 percent.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose 0.1 percent to 7,275.34 points by 0217 GMT. The benchmark hit an intraday high of 7,281.74, the highest since October 2016.
Energy and consumer stocks accounted for most of the gains. Z Energy Ltd rose 2.5 percent, while a2 Milk Company Ltd gained 1.6 percent.
For more individual stocks activity click on
(Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Sandhya Sampath; Editing by Randy Fabi)
An organization created by Facebook's CEO is working with a local school district struggling with low student reading and math proficiency rates by getting the best training possible for its teachers.
The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, which was founded in December 2015 by Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan, is providing a $1.5 million grant to the Ravenswood City School District for the next years to provide professional development and coaching for teachers, the district announced Friday .
That money will go to the Santa Cruz-based New Teacher Center, which will use it to provide professional learning opportunities and provide coaches for teachers in their classrooms, as it has for the past two years, also with money from Chan Zuckerberg. TOSA Foundation, run by Tashia and John Morgridge, also supports the effort, as well as other needs of the district dating back 25 years.
The goal, according to district Superintendent Gloria Hernandez-Goff, is that in the next two years, the district will have as many as 25 teachers on hand trained to coach other teachers so that the training no longer requires outside funding.
“Most of our elementary, early-grade teachers have received training at this point,” Hernandez-Goff said. “Now our focus is on experienced teachers that have been receiving training for the past two years. They are being trained to be coaching by the end of next school year. … It will be self-sustaining by the start of 2019-20.”
The district has made some recent gains in proficiency rates. Last school year, the district said 45 percent of students were considered proficient in math and reading, 45 percent of students were meeting or exceeding their grade level and 50 percent are nearing proficiency, with just 5 percent still lagging. For 2015-16, just 19 percent of students scored as proficient in English in state tests, and just 12 percent were proficient in math.
Hernandez-Goff said the district's new Comprehensive Middle School, part of its “New Ravenswood” concept, which this school year consolidated middle school classrooms spread over five campuses into one school site — as well as middle-school graduates moving on to Menlo-Atherton High School instead of four different high schools — is helping to boost student performance in the later grades.
The K-8 district operates seven schools in East Palo Alto and Menlo Park, serving more than 2,800 students. Roughly 75 percent of Ravenswood students are English-language learners, roughly 90 percent live in poverty and 44 percent identify as homeless, meaning they have no set residence.
LONDON, April 10 (IFR) - Romania has set final guidance for a dual-tranche euro offering, according to a lead.
The sovereign has set the spread for a new 10-year benchmark bond at 170bp over mid-swaps. The notes were initially marketed at 185bp area over, and guidance was set at plus 175bp-180bp.
Romania has set the yield for a reopening of its €1.25bn 3.875% notes due October 2035 at 3.55%. That compares to an initial marketing level of 3.65% area, and guidance at 3.60% area.
The aggregate order books are over €3.25bn, with a skew to the 10-year. The deal is today's business via Barclays, Citigroup, Erste Group, ING and Société Générale.
Romania is rated Baa3/BBB-/BBB-. (Reporting by Robert Hogg; editing by Sudip Roy)
March 31 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- President Donald Trump, beset by an early legislative failure and the continuing clouds of investigations into his presidential campaign, tried to get back on offense on Thursday. In a morning tweet, Trump threatened to campaign against members of the House Freedom Caucus, a group of conservative Republicans whom the president blames for killing his effort to overturn former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act in the GOP-led House. on.wsj.com/2npaUjm
- General Electric Co Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt defended efforts to reduce emissions and fight climate change, after President Donald Trump reversed rules that pushed U.S. utilities to use cleaner-burning fuels. on.wsj.com/2ocjCVU
- Entrepreneur Elon Musk's SpaceX successfully launched a reused booster on a demanding commercial mission Thursday, setting course for what management predicts will be routine flights of refurbished rockets as well as spacecraft. on.wsj.com/2nkQuXT
- Senators Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota said they would vote in favor of putting Judge Neil Gorsuch on the U.S. Supreme Court, becoming the first Democrats to support President Donald Trump's nominee to fill the vacancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia last year. on.wsj.com/2omZxt9
- Volkswagen AG reached additional emissions-cheating settlements with state attorneys general in the U.S., adding to the big financial hit the German auto giant has suffered from rigging diesel-powered vehicles to dupe government regulators. on.wsj.com/2nll0Rr (Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru)
April 10 An out-of-control sales culture, a defensive boss obsessed with stamping out negative views about her division and a group chief executive who called her the "the best banker in America" were to blame for Wells Fargo & Co's devastating sales scandal, an internal investigation found.
The probe into how the San Francisco-based bank could have allowed abusive sales practices to fester for years at its branch network laid most of the blame on the former head of the retail division, Carrie Tolstedt, and some of her management team, in a report released to media on Monday.
In the report, which was carried out by the bank's chairman Stephan Sanger and three other independent directors, Tolstedt is blamed for ignoring the systemic nature of the problem which was pinned instead on individual wrongdoers and she was accused of obstructing the board's efforts to get to the bottom of what was going on.
John Stumpf, the chief executive who retired under pressure from the scandal in October, was criticized for failing to grasp the gravity of the sales practice abuses and their impact on the bank.
In the 110-page report, Stumpf was described as someone who was blinded by Wells Fargo's cross-selling success. He refused to believe the model was seriously impaired and was full of admiration for Tolstedt, with whom he had a long working relationship. According to one director, Stumpf praised Tolstedt as the "best banker in America".
The report said Tolstedt hid the scale of the misconduct from the board, which only discovered that 5,300 staff had been fired for opening over 2 million unauthorized accounts when the bank reached a $185 million settlement with regulators in September last year.
On the advice of her lawyers, Tolstedt declined to be interviewed for the investigation.
Wells Fargo said that she had been fired for cause and it would be forfeiting her outstanding stock options with an approximate value of $47.3 million.
Wells Fargo said it had decided to claw back approximately $28 million of Stumpf's bonus, which was paid in March 2016.
In total, the bank has fired five senior retail bank executives, including Tolstedt, over the scandal and has imposed forfeitures, clawbacks and compensation adjustments on senior leaders totaling more than $180 million, including $69 million from Stumpf and $67 million from Tolstedt.
Since the scandal broke, the bank has seen a steady decline in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts and it has lost its status as America's most valuable bank by market value.
THE BOARD
Sanger, a board member since 2003, is under pressure to assure investors and regulators that he is rooting out the bank's problems after a welter of criticism that the board didn't do enough despite knowing about the problem since 2014.
According to the report, multiple board members felt misled by a presentation by Tolstedt and others to the board's risk committee in May 2015. The board members said they left thinking that between 200 and 300 employees had been fired for sales practice abuses and the problem was largely concentrated in southern California.
Last week, influential proxy adviser Institutional Shareholder Services recommended investors vote to replace the majority of directors at Wells Fargo, including Sanger and the other three independent directors, at its April 25 annual meeting.
The Justice Department, meanwhile, is investigating whether executives hid details from the company board and regulators as the problem grew over the years, people familiar with the matter have told Reuters. U.S. Attorney offices in San Francisco and Charlotte, North Carolina, are also investigating.
The report criticized the board for not centralising the risk functions at the bank earlier, for not requesting more detailed reports from management and for not insisting Stumpf get rid of Tolstedt sooner.
Tim Sloan, who replaced Stumpf as chief executive, is described in the report as having little contact with sales practices at the bank before becoming chief operating officer and Tolstedt's boss in November 2015. Six months later he told her to step aside.
Since the scandal broke, the bank has ended sales targets, changed pay incentives for branch staff, separated the role of chairman and chief executive and hired new directors to its board.
A NOTEWORTHY RISK
A big part of Wells Fargo's problem was its decentralised business model, which meant the retail bank was able to keep inquiries from head office at arm's length and there was no joined-up effort by either the bank's human resources or legal divisions to track and analyse the scale of the problem.
As far back as 2002, Wells Fargo's retail bank was taking steps to deal with sales practice violations and in 2004, a report by the bank's Internal Investigations division recommended eliminating sales goals for employees.
That report was sent to, among others, the chief auditor, a senior in-house employment lawyer, retail bank HR personnel and the head of sales & service development in the retail bank. No action was taken.
Externally, Wells was lauded by investors for its ability to cross-sell individual customers multiple products and for its squeaky-clean reputation relative to peers in the wake of the financial crisis.
Internally, the sales pressure was oppressive, particularly in California and Arizona, where senior bankers sometimes called subordinates several times a day to check in and chastise those who failed to meet sales objectives.
A sales push, dubbed "Jump into January", saw bankers encouraged to make lists of friends and family who were potential sales targets. Staff turnover usually increased that month.
Sales practices were identified as a “noteworthy risk” to the board and its risk committee, of which Sanger was a member, after a series of stories in the Los Angeles Times detailed some of the sales practices.
But Tolstedt was left to deal with the issue and she was “notoriously resistant to outside intervention and oversight” the report said.
Tolstedt was also perceived as having the support of Stumpf, who, in turn, was seen not seen as someone to raise problems with.
"Stumpf was ultimately responsible for enterprise risk management at Wells Fargo, but was not perceived within Wells Fargo as someone who wanted to hear bad news or deal with conflict." (Reporting by Carmel Crimmins; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
April 5 Lanzhou Minbai Shareholding Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.07 yuan(before tax)/share for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 11
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 12 and the dividend will be paid on April 12
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/eOosWP
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
CARACAS: Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro on Tuesday demanded the United States apologize for slapping sanctions on his vice president over alleged drug trafficking.
Maduro said he had told the foreign ministry to send an official protest note to Washington demanding it “retract and apologize publicly to our vice president,” Tareck El Aissami, for the sanctions against him.
“This is without doubt an attack that Venezuela will respond to step by step in a balanced and forceful way,” the embattled socialist president said.
El Aissami himself earlier slammed the US Treasury Department's sanctions as a “miserable and vile attack.”
El Aissami, 42, is next in line to Maduro and would take over if the opposition succeeded in its bid to oust the president in a vote.
The US accusations against El Aissami triggered the latest row between Venezuela's leftist government and Washington, the “imperialist” power it loves to hate.
Maduro himself had so far been cautious in his approach to US President Donald Trump, who has not yet detailed his stance on the situation in Venezuela.
US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Monday's move against El Aissami was part of a broad crackdown on drug trafficking and “terrorism.”
“This action demonstrates the president's seriousness about fighting the scourge of drugs in the United States,” Mnuchin told reporters.
Cocaine shipments
The US Treasury Department on Monday accused El Aissami and an ally, businessman Samark Jose Lopez Bello, of being major drug traffickers and froze their US assets.
It said El Aissami protected and oversaw large shipments of cocaine from Venezuela to Mexico and the United States while serving as interior minister and governor of Aragua state.
El Aissami was allegedly in the pay of Venezuelan drug kingpin Walid Makled Garcia to protect shipments, and coordinated them with Mexico's violent Los Zetas cartel, the Treasury said.
‘Face of repression'
The US Treasury said the sanctions were part of a multi-year investigation and unrelated to El Aissami's recent promotion to vice president.
He formerly served as a minister under Maduro's late predecessor Hugo Chavez, the father of Venezuela's “socialist revolution.”
In a January 31 decree, Maduro granted El Aissami new powers to seize property and approve ministers' budgets.
Maduro also named him head of a security task force which promptly arrested several prominent political opponents, accusing them of plotting an uprising.
Opposition deputy Luis Florido called El Aissami “the face of repression.”
Retired military commander Cliver Alcala, a leading former ally of Chavez but a critic of Maduro, accused the vice president of “abuse and persecution of those who think differently.”
Private jet, luxury condos
The United States did not say whether it is seeking the arrest and extradition of either El Aissami or Lopez Bello.
The sanctions freeze their assets on US territory, and also ban US citizens and entities from doing business with either man or the 13 companies.
Officials said they had frozen assets worth tens of millions of dollars, including a private jet and what appeared to be several luxury condos in Miami controlled by Lopez Bello.
Drug scandals
It is the latest US drugs case targeting prominent figures tied to the Venezuelan government.
In November, a federal court in New York convicted two of Maduro's wife's nephews of drug trafficking.
And the current interior minister, army general Nestor Reverol, was indicted in the US in August for cocaine trafficking.
Venezuela is lurching through an economic nightmare of food shortages and hyperinflation brought on by low prices for its key export, oil.
Maduro blames the crisis on what he calls a capitalist conspiracy backed by Washington. Opponents blame the country's oil-dependent socialist economic model. AFP
AFP/CC
March 31 Bank Audi Sal:
* Entered into agreement with M1 Financial Technologies (Holding) Sal (M1 Financial Technologies), to sell its electronic payment and card services business for price of U.S.$185 million
* Following completion, Bank Audi will continue to perform all customer-facing functions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Two people were arrested in the British city of Birmingham on "suspicion of terrorism offences" on Wednesday, West Midlands police said in a statement.
The arrests were not in any way connected to last week's Westminster attack and there is no risk to public safety, the regional police force added.
The man and woman who were arrested, aged 21 and 23, were detained under "terrorism legislation" on suspicion of preparing for "terrorist acts".
(Reporting by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
MELBOURNE, March 31 China's CNOOC Ltd has agreed to team up with Australian minnow FAR Ltd to look for oil and gas prospects in what is seen as a promising frontier off Senegal and Gambia over the next two years, FAR said on Friday.
FAR is already active in Senegal, where it is working with Woodside Petroleum and Cairn Energy to develop a deepwater oil field and this week bought an 80 percent stake in blocks off the Gambia, just south of the Senegal acreage, from U.S. firm Erin Energy Corp.
"The partnership and AMI (Area of Mutual Interest agreement) with CNOOC UK dramatically enhances FAR's ability to acquire new assets in our core strategic geographic area of expertise," FAR Managing Director Cath Norman said in a statement.
FAR plans to sell part of its 80 percent stake in the Gambian acreage over the next 18 months to help cover the $25 million to $30 million it will need to fund an exploration well there in late 2018, Norman said on the company's web site.
An external spokeswoman for CNOOC was not immediately available to comment.
(Reporting by Sonali Paul; Editing by Richard Pullin)
March 30 Eurocash SA:
* Said on Wednesday that it plans an FY dividend of 0.73 zloty ($0.1857) per share
* Shareholders to vote on the proposed dividend payment on April 25
* It paid a dividend of 1.0 zloty per share for 2015
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9305 zlotys) ($1 = 3.9301 zlotys)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
China asks banks to suspend dealings with Anbang -Bloomberg
BEIJING, June 15 Chinese authorities have asked banks to suspend business dealings with Anbang Insurance Group, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, a day after the insurer said its chairman had stepped aside, amid reports he had been detained.
Faviola Dadis is the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
A woman has said Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills room when she was a 17-year-old model and aspiring actress.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as she spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Ms Dadis said Seagal reached under her bikini top, grabbed her nipples and then grabbed her genitals soon after the 2002 audition began. She said she promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
“I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men,” she said through tears as she read from a written statement.
Faviola Dadis, left, reads from a statement at a news conference (Andrew Dalton/AP)
She recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said her case is under review.
Ms Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said she had recently moved to the US from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced her to Seagal.
After several phone calls and text messages, he invited her to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan, Ms Dadis said.
She took a family friend because her mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and she ended up in a room with only Seagal and his personal security guard.
Seagal had told her to wear a bikini or bra and panties under her clothes, and had her walk around the room in the bikini before saying he wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Ms Dadis said.
“Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience,” she said. “I left feeling horrified and totally violated.”
She said she told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because she feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. She said Seagal later called her, but she never accepted the calls.
Jenny McCarthy says Seagal sexually harassed her at an audition in 1995 (PA)
Ms Dadis said she was inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actress Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped his trousers during an audition with her.
Ms Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside her lawyer, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18, allegations she previously made on NBC in January.
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed her at an audition in 1995.
Seagal said on his Facebook page that he had never met Simons and her story was fabricated, and he has denied the allegations from the other actresses.
Ms Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits.
A lawyer for Seagal said later that the actor adamantly denies the allegations made by Ms Dadis and Ms Simons.
Anthony Falangetti said the accounts of both women are “completely fictitious and totally made up”.
He added that the allegations are a disservice to women who are victimised because of real predators in the film industry.
© Press Association 2018
UPDATE 1-Thousands rally in Turkey after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA, June 15 Several thousand people took to the streets of Turkey's two biggest cities on Thursday to protest against a 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
GEELONG captain Joel Selwood has been cleared of striking Lindsay Thomas, who himself was hit with a three-game suspension for bumping Cats midfielder Scott Selwood.
Selwood struck down his striking charge in one fell swoop, arguing two points but eventually requiring neither.
The AFL Tribunal deemed Selwood not guilty of striking Thomas following a heated and colourful hearing.
The verdict eradicated any need to consider the Cats skipper's challenge to the grading of intentional and that impact was low.
Selwood, 29, said he set his sights on Thomas after the former Kangaroo wiped out Scott Selwood - whose brother said he was not aware his younger sibling was involved - to "deliberately tell him it was a f---ing dog act".
Joel Selwood successfully appealed his one-game ban at the tribunal. Picture: Andrew Tauber
He managed to do just that, he confirmed, "when I was standing right over him, getting pulled to ground", with the Cats counsel highlighting that what he had approached Thomas to say "he is not particularly proud of".
Selwood had argued that the strike was careless and that the impact was negligible.
And after arguing that he was off-balance, dragged down by Thomas and bracing himself to fall in the action, the Tribunal - which was also showed vision indicating Thomas bore no symptoms of a strike - was convinced that Selwood had not struck Thomas.
"I'm pleased to obviously get to plead my case tonight and have the opportunity to do it," Selwood said after the colourful hour-long hearing.
"I'm really looking forward to taking on Sydney this weekend."
Thomas' high and severe hit on Scott Selwood in his first game for Port Adelaide added three weeks to a separate one-match ban for striking from Saturday night's loss to Geelong at Adelaide Oval.
The former Kangaroo pleaded guilty to rough conduct via video link at the AFL Tribunal last night, as his counsel fought for a three-week ban.
Thomas, 30, did not dispute the charge that was deemed to be careless, severe impact and high, though his counsel argued that the act was "at the low end of severe" and "marginally over the line" between severe and high impact.
The AFL had argued for a four-week penalty for Thomas - plus the one-match ban already accepted - but his advocate Ben Krupka was firm that three weeks was appropriate and highlighted the ex-North Melbourne midfielder's playing future as part of his argument.
"He is a rookie-listed player … on a one-year contract," Krupka said.
"The incident that we're here for arose in his first game (for the Power), and there will be an additional game to be added.
"Even if our submissions are accepted, it will be a four-game suspension. Port Adelaide has a bye in Round 10 - he would be out of action until Round 11.
"The reality is, he'd play two SANFL games this time, the likelihood is that he'd have to play more then. Anything more than three plus one has the potential to be crushing for his chances of playing AFL again this season.
"For those reasons, we submit that three is the appropriate penalty in this case."
Thomas - who was not required to give evidence given his guilty plea - expressed his remorse and determination to bounce back after his ban.
"I hope Scott is OK - I didn't intentionally go out there to hurt him," he said.
"I hope he's OK. "I'll just work my backside off for the next four weeks.
"I want to apologise to my teammates and obviously the footy club - they've done so much for me in the last couple of months to get me home. I want to apologise to them and I'm going to move on from this and come back."
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A person has been arrested after a large quantity of mamba was discovered by police at an address in the city today.
Officers with a search warrant descended on the property this morning.
@BrumCityWMP tweeted this: "A warrant was executed this morning in Birmingham City Centre by CCT3. The picture shows a large quantity of "Mamba" recovered from the address. One person currently in custody on suspicion of being concerned in the supply. #saferbrum ."
Last month undercover police and cycle officers took to the streets to find and arrest dealers who prey on vulnerable homeless people.
Ten people were stopped and searched as part of the operation.
Read More Black Mamba Hot weather
Zombified
Video
Prison
Black Mamba is a potent synthetic cannabis that was a legal high until it was outlawed. It is also known as Spice and has been linked to a number of deaths.
As well as finding drugs, police also found a large amount of cash on the people arrested in the city centre operation.
The synthetic highs have been linked to two deaths in the city in 2017 and are being widely used by homeless people.
The Police Command in Delta state says there is no cause for alarm over the stay-at-home order issued by the terrorist group, IPOB, to reinforce their demand for a sovereign state.
The command Spokesman, DSP Andrew Aniamaka, told newsmen on Wednesday in Asaba, that the police had been able to neutralise any attempt to breach public peace in the state capital.
“Let me say generally here that in Delta, there is utmost peace and the residents are enjoying it. Regarding the threat or order by the IPOB, the police have taken care of that.
“We have officers and men on ground who are carrying out surveillance and are also to deal with any attempt to breach the public peace. We don't have any issue concerning IPOB threat or order here.
“They (IPOB) decided to jettison the idea of their usual protest and come up with the idea of sit at home. If they decided to sit at home, better for them and the society if you ask me,” Aniamaka said.
On security situation in Asaba, Aniamaka said the state capital was calm and residents went about their businesses without any cause for alarm.
He said the command had its men on the streets and patrols to forestall any attempt by any group or persons to cause public disorder.
The spokesman also disclosed that the command recently arrested some members of the outlawed IPOB in the state capital and put them on trial for unlawful activities.
“Recently, the police arrested some members of the IPOB and they are currently on trial in the law court, charged with belonging to unlawful society because the group has been proscribed,” Aniamaka said.
Asaba, the Delta capital, was relatively calm on Wednesday, as residents moved about freely and businesses were opened to customers, in contrast to the sit-at-home- order.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County got back to winning ways in the Championship with a 3-0 win over Brentford at Pride Park.
Tom Huddlestone netted his first goal for the Rams , with January signing Cameron Jerome adding a second before half time.
Brenford's Sergi Canos went in on Marcus Olsson inside the centre circle in the first half, and referee Peter Bankes did not hesitate in showing the forward a straight red card.
Gary Rowett's side were awarded a penalty in the final minutes, and Matej Vydra stepped up to put Derby 3-0 up with his 16th league goal of the season.
The Derby Telegraph's chief football writer Steve Nicholson was at Pride Park, and has given his own video verdict on the win, and has also handed out his own player ratings.
A home for sale sign hangs in front of a house in Oakton in Virginia March 27, 2014. REUTERS/Larry Downing
FILE PHOTO -- A woman holds a piece of paper advertising a home for sale in Santa Monica, California, U.S., March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
WASHINGTON Contracts to buy previously owned U.S. homes jumped to a 10-month high in February, pointing to robust demand for housing ahead of the busy spring selling season.
The report on Wednesday from the National Association of Realtors suggested higher home prices and mortgage rates were having little impact on the housing market for now, underscoring the economy's resilience despite an apparent slowdown in growth in the first quarter.
The NAR said its Pending Home Sales Index, based on contracts signed last month, surged 5.5 percent to 112.3. That was the highest reading since April and the second best showing since May 2006.
"This bodes well for home sales this spring," said Misa Batcheller, an economic analyst at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Contract signing last month was likely boosted by unseasonably warm temperatures. The gains reversed January's 2.8 percent drop. Pending home contracts become sales after a month or two, and last month's surge implied a pickup in home resales after they tumbled 3.7 percent in February.
Economists had forecast pending home sales rising 2.4 percent last month. Pending home sales increased 2.6 percent from a year ago.
U.S. financial markets were little moved by the data as investors assessed comments from Federal Reserve officials on further interest rate increases this year. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, one of the U.S. central bank's most consistent supporters of low interest rates, said he supported additional monetary policy tightening this year.
The Fed raised its benchmark overnight interest rate by a quarter percentage point earlier this month and has forecast two more rate hikes this year. The dollar was trading higher against a basket of currencies while U.S. stocks were mixed. U.S. government bond prices rose.
TIGHT INVENTORIES
Demand for housing is being driven by a strong labor market, which is generating wage increases, as it nears full employment. Sales activity, however, remains constrained by tight inventories, which are driving up home prices.
"The good news is that warm winter weather has led to a surge in construction that will hopefully result in a bloom of new homes for sale this spring," said Joseph Kirchner, senior economist at realtor.com.
A report on Tuesday showed home prices increased 5.7 percent in January on a year-on-year basis. The NAR expects sales of previously owned homes to increase 2.3 percent this year to around 5.57 million units.
Existing homes sales increased 3.8 percent last year. Housing market strength suggests an apparent sharp slowdown in economic growth early in the first quarter is likely temporary.
The Atlanta Fed is forecasting gross domestic product increasing at a 1.0 percent annualized pace in the first quarter. The economy grew at a 1.9 percent rate in the final three months of 2016.
Given labor market strength, economists expect only a modest impact from higher mortgage rates. The 30-year fixed mortgage rate is currently at 4.23 percent, below a more than 2-1/2-year high of 4.32 percent hit in December.
In a separate report on Wednesday, the Mortgage Bankers Association said applications for home purchase loans rose 1.2 percent last week from the prior week. It was the fourth increase in the past five weeks.
Last month, pending sales of existing homes increased 3.4 percent in the Northeast and jumped 3.1 percent in the West. Contracts surged 11.4 percent in the Midwest and rose 4.3 percent in the South.
(Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
LONDON British retailer Marks & Spencer (MKS.L) said on Thursday it planned to close six stores as part of a review of its UK estate that was first detailed last year.
It said if the six stores were closed all 380 employees affected would be guaranteed redeployment at a nearby store.
M&S said in November it planned to close about 30 UK stores selling clothing, homewares and food and downsize or convert another 45 into food stores over five years. That will mean a reduction of 10 percent in floorspace devoted to racks of skirts, jumpers, trousers and towels.
After taking account of store openings in under-served areas a net 60 fewer UK stores will be selling the full M&S range by 2021, it said.
M&S also said on Thursday it will open 34 new food stores and two clothing, home and food stores over the next six months, creating 1,400 jobs.
The retailer currently has 959 UK stores – 304 full line stores, 615 food-only stores and 40 outlets.
(Reporting by James Davey; editing by Kate Holton)
April 28 Shanghai Wanye Enterprises Co Ltd
* Says it plans to invest 1.0 billion yuan ($145.05 million) in equipment materials industry fund
* Says it plans to sell property firm's stake and creditors' rights for 1.6 billion yuan
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2ptb6SB; bit.ly/2pb3Ryc
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8941 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
NEW YORK (AP) — A person has climbed the Statue of Liberty's base on the Fourth of July shortly after the arrests of several people who hung a banner calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the statue's pedestal.
News helicopter video showed the climber sitting by the bottom of the statue's robes Wednesday. Police stood nearby.
National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says police are trying to persuade the climber to descend.
Earlier, Willis said at least six people were taken into custody for a banner that read "Abolish I.C.E.," referring to part of the Department of Homeland Security. Willis says federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument.
Advertisement
The group behind the banner, Rise and Resist, says the climber isn't connected to the earlier demonstration.
The warm weather is starting to set in, but that doesn't mean it's going to be sunny and bright.
If you're going to be stuck inside over the summer due to the rain, you might as well have something decent to watch.
As always, Netflix has your back.
NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
The Rain
May 5
Dear White People
May 5
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman: Tina Fey
May 4
Fauda
May 24
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
May 30
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman: Howard Stern
May 31
NETFLIX FILM
Anon
May 4
The Kissing Booth
May 11
Ibiza
May 25
NETFLIX ORIGINAL DOCUMENTARIES
End Game
May 4
Evil Genius: The True Story Of America's Most Diabolical Bank Heist
May 11
Explained
May 23
NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES FOR KIDS
Kong: King Of The Apes
May 4
The Who Was? Show
May 11
Trollhunters
May 25
WEEKLY SERIES
Riverdale – Season Two FInale
May 17
Designated Survivor – Season Two Finale
May 25
Rupaul's Drag Race – Season 10
New Episodes Fridays
Share it:
Don't Miss
Weekly Game of Thrones recap show where we nerd out about zombies, dragons and all things Westeros.
This week we're joined by Erin and Kathy B to talk about how flammable the Lannister army turned out to be in the latest episode “Spoils of War”
May 3 Energizer Holdings Inc
* Energizer Holdings, Inc. announces fiscal 2017 second quarter results and updates financial Outlook for fiscal 2017
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $0.50
* Q2 earnings per share $0.75
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.34 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $2.75 to $2.85
* Q2 revenue $359 million versus I/B/E/S view $366.7 million
* Energizer Holdings Inc - raises full year adjusted eps outlook
* Energizer Holdings Inc - fiscal year 2017 net sales are expected to be up mid-single digits
* Energizer Holdings Inc - incremental impact of auto care acquisition is expected to increase net sales by 5 pct to 6 pct for fiscal year 2017
* Energizer Holdings Inc - unfavorable movements in foreign currencies are expected to reduce net sales by 1.5 pct to 2.5 pct for fiscal year 2017
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.77, revenue view $1.75 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Energizer holdings inc - acquisition and integration costs are expected to be in range of $5 to $10 million for fiscal year 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Two leading global PLM events will co-locate in Gothenburg, Sweden.
CIMdata Workshop
End
-- Eurostep, the long-time producer of PDT Europe, and CIMdata, the leading global PLM consulting and research firm, are pleased to announce the co-location of PDT Europe 2017 and PLM Road Map 2017.The two events will be held in conjunction with each other at Clarion Hotel Post in Gothenburg, Sweden. Participants can choose to attend one of the events or both with a discount. PLM Road Map will take place on October 17, while PDT Europe takes place on October 18-19."With the successful co-location of PDT Europe and PLM Road Map in 2016 we decided to go with the same concept in 2017," says Mr. Håkan Kårdén, CEO, Eurostep Group. "The PDT Europe 2017 theme is: Continuous Transformation of PLM to Support the Lifecycle Model-Based Enterprise. This is highly relevant to the PDT Europe community but also to participants of CIMdata's PLM Road Map. Once again, we plan to deliver three high quality days with superior value to participants and sponsors," added Mr. Kårdén."CIMdata is committed to delivering high client value with our PLM Road Map conferences,"says Mr. Peter Bilello, President of CIMdata. "We are excited to announce the second year of our collaboration with Eurostep and the co-location of PLM Road Map 2017 with Eurostep's PDT Europe 2017. CIMdata has been a co-organizer of PDT Europe for several years and we feel confident that combining the two events will be highly attractive to the global PLM community," added Mr. Bilello.For information about PDT Europe see www.pdteurope.comFor information about PLM Road Map 2017 see http://www.cimdata.com/ en/education/ plm-conferences/ 2017-... About CIMdataCIMdata, a leading independent worldwide firm, provides strategic management consulting to maximize an enterprise's ability to design and deliver innovative products and services through the application of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions. Since its founding in 1983, CIMdata has delivered world-class knowledge, expertise, and best-practice methods on PLM solutions. These solutions incorporate both business processes and a wide-ranging set of PLM-enabling technologies.CIMdata works with both industrial organizations and providers of technologies and services seeking competitive advantage in the global economy. In addition to consulting, CIMdata conducts research, provides PLM-focused subscription services, and produces several commercial publications. The company also provides industry education through PLM certificate programs, seminars, and conferences worldwide. CIMdata serves clients around the world from offices in North America, Europe, and Asia- Pacific. To learn more about CIMdata's services, visit our website at www.CIMdata.com, follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/ CIMdataPLMNews , or contact CIMdata at: 3909 Research Park Drive, Ann Arbor, MI 48108, USA, Tel: +1 734.668.9922. Fax: +1 734.668.1957;or at Oogststraat 20, 6004 CV Weert, The Netherlands, Tel: +31 (0) 495.533.666.About Eurostep GroupEurostep delivers software and services for product lifecycle management with a particular focus on the exchange and sharing of data within and between enterprises. Services range from pre-studies to the implementation and support of systems. Eurostep has subsidiaries in Sweden, the UK, France, Finland, Germany, and the US and has blue-chip customers in a variety of industries including automotive, aerospace, defense, energy, high tech, and building & construction.
Dustin Johnson of the U.S. walks over to talk to members of the media after he pulled out of the tournament due to injury during first round play at the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
WILMINGTON, North Carolina Dustin Johnson said on Wednesday he has recovered from the back injury that ruled him out of the last month's U.S. Masters but is not sure what to expect in his competitive return at this week's Wells Fargo Championship.
The American world number one, who withdrew from the year's first major only moments before his opening round a day after a freak fall down a staircase in his rental home, said he has not been able to practise much since the incident.
"I've had a lot more time off than I would have liked. Still feel like I'm swinging really well, hit a few good shouts out there today, but we'll just have to see," Johnson, who was playing the best golf of his life and was favoured to triumph at Augusta National, told a sparsely-attended news conference.
"I haven't played ... any competitive rounds since, what, six weeks ago."
Johnson, who will tee off with compatriots Davis Love III and Bill Haas at Eagle Point in Thursday's opening round, said he was diagnosed only with bruising to his lower back after his fall four weeks ago.
"I had an MRI. It was clear, no issues, but bruised, bruised it really bad," said Johnson. "It took about three weeks (to recover). Last Friday probably was the first day I hit balls and didn't feel it."
Before his injury, Johnson had separated himself from his peers with a mixture of power, precision and poise that nobody could match over a three-tournament span as he posted a trio of victories, including two World Golf Championships events.
He tried to play the Masters less than 24 hours after his fall, even hitting some shots at the driving range, but pulled out after walking to the first tee where he decided it was a lost cause.
But among the 2016 U.S. Open champion's talents is a seeming ability not to stew over things such as the missed opportunity to win a Green Jacket when he was at the top of his game.
"Crazy things happen," said Johnson. "The only time it was maybe tough (not playing) was just watching the tournament (on TV), but after Sunday it was fine."
(Editing by Frank Pingue)
As part of the initiative, Honda will arrange a host of activities to train upcoming riders
Honda has launched its National Road Safety Week 2018 initiative. Scheduled to take place from April 23 to 30, the initiative will promote the importance of road safety across its 5,700 networks in India. According to Honda, 22,000 associates will be a part of this campaign.
The Japanese brand has collaborated with different corporate and educational institutes to arrange a host of activities at its 12 traffic parks all over India. These activities include an under-four-hour two-wheeler training program for the ladies, cycling and road safety quiz for kids and a rider training program for new riders. The programs are designed to create awareness of the dangers and safety on the road.
Press Release
New Delhi, April 23, 2018: Starting ‘National Road Safety Week 2018' with a bang, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India Pvt. Ltd. has kick-started its pan-India road safety awareness initiatives to ride home the message #HelmetOnLifeOn across India. The National Road Safety Week will be celebrated from 23rd – 30th April 2018.
Honda will spread road safety awareness to thousands across India in just a week. Starting from within, Honda's 22,000 associates will take the road safety pledge. Additionally, Honda will also spread awareness through its 12 traffic parks via special activities in collaboration with corporates, educational institutions and its 5,700+ network spread across India.
Announced with huge fan fair at the Auto Expo 2018 by Honda's brand ambassadors Taapsee Pannu and Akshay Kumar, #HelmetOnLifeOn road safety campaign generates awareness across all age groups on the importance of helmet while riding a two-wheeler.
Commenting on Honda's focused approach, Mr Prabhu Nagaraj- Vice President, Brand & Communication, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India Pvt. Ltd., said, ”As a responsible two-wheeler manufacturer, Honda is committed to spread the message of road safety to everyone. Our road safety campaign #HelmetonLifeOn, announced at the Auto Expo is another step in this direction. With over 1.6 lac people already trained under this campaign, this National Road Safety Week, we will take it to another level by engaging people across India.”
Vowing to make India's roads safer for all road users, Honda is also activating road safety training and awareness initiatives across its 5700+ touchpoints. With thousands of customer foot falls every day, road safety engagement activities like riding trainer simulators, safety pledge, safety quiz will be conducted throughout the week to promote helmet usage.
Not just on the usage of helmets, but also other important aspects of road usage will be promoted across 12 Honda Traffic Training parks in 5 geographical regions. Specially designed training modules will be delivered by internationally trained road safety instructors to participants across age groups including kids and adults.
Key highlights of activities at traffic parks:
For kids (5-16 years): Cycling, Primary activities (road safety quiz, road safety pledge) and practical riding on CRF 50 motorcycle to learn ‘Safety with Fun'
For Females: Opportunity to become independent two-wheeler riders in just 4 hours via the Dream Riding programme.
For new & existing riders (16 years & above): Honda's proprietor two-wheeler Riding Trainer will help new riders understand riding basics and experience over 100 possible dangers on road. Individuals will be educated on the importance of safe braking, maintaining correct posture while riding, need of wearing appropriate riding gear and even how to mount and de-mount a two-wheeler using center stand.
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through bikedekho.com feed directly.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KP INKASO WEC SA:
* SETS ISSUE PRICE FOR SERIES A4 SHARES AT 0.50 ZLOTY PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WRAPUP 4-U.S. consumer prices, retail sales weaken in May
WASHINGTON, June 14 U.S. consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May and retail sales recorded their biggest drop in 16 months, suggesting a softening in domestic demand that could limit the Federal Reserve's ability to continue raising interest rates this year.
FILE PHOTO: A worker checks the valve of an oil pipe at Nahr Bin Umar oil field, north of Basra, Iraq December 21, 2015. REUTERS/Essam Al-Sudani/File Photo
NEW YORK Oil prices were little changed in modest volume on Thursday, during a week in which crude benchmarks recouped more of March's losses on increased hopes world supply and demand were nearing balance.
At the same time, the U.S. oil rig count rose to its highest level in two years, threatening the rebalancing of markets.
Energy services firm Baker Hughes said on Thursday that drillers added 11 oil rigs in the week to April 13, bringing the total count up to 683. The number of U.S. rigs has increased for 13 consecutive weeks. [RIG/U]
The market has been oversupplied since mid-2014, prompting members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and some non-OPEC producers to agree to cut output in the first six months of 2017.
With the increasing rig count pointing to rising supply, Tony Headrick, energy market analyst at CHS Hedging, said OPEC would be watching.
“Ultimately OPEC is viewing it as a point of discussion in terms of whether or not they look to extend cuts," Headrick said.
OPEC meets on May 25 to consider extending the cuts beyond June. Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and most other OPEC members are leaning toward this if agreement is reached with other producers, OPEC sources told Reuters last month.
OPEC data showed members of the group had cut March output beyond the level they had promised.
Benchmark Brent crude futures settled up 3 cents to $55.89 a barrel after touching a one-month high on Wednesday. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures settled up 7 cents at $53.18 a barrel. Both benchmarks were set for a third consecutive weekly gain. About 431,000 U.S. crude contracts changed hands Thursday, short of the 531,000-contract average over the past 200 trading days.
The Paris-based International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Thursday that supply and demand in the global oil market were close to matching after a fall in stockpiles in developed countries in March.
The IEA said oil stocks in the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development industrialized countries fell by 17.2 million barrels in March, although inventories were still 300 million barrels above the five-year average.
"It can be argued confidently that the market is already very close to balance," the agency said in its monthly report.
The IEA trimmed its oil demand growth forecast for 2017 by 40,000 barrels per day and warned that its revised level of 1.3 million barrels per day "could prove optimistic."
(Additional reporting by David Gaffen in New York, Karolin Schaps in London and Naveen Thukral in Singapore; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay)
BERLIN (AP) — German prosecutors have charged two Syrian men with fighting for terror organizations in their home country.
Abdulmalk A., 30, is accused of joining a combat unit of the Nusra Front extremist group in 2012. The charge says he became a commander for the extremist group in eastern Syria, where he participated in the capture of gas fields and the town of Tabka, including its military airport. In 2014, he allegedly joined the Islamic State group and engaged in combat operations.
Anas Ibrahim A.S., 26, is accused of also joining the Nusra Front in 2012 and participating in the takeover of an ammunition depot belonging to Syrian President Bashar Assad's troops.
Federal prosecutors said Monday that both men, whose last names were not released, were arrested in Germany in May.
(This version of the changes number for UK workforce in third paragraph of APRIL 27 story after clarification from company)
By James Davey
LONDON Coffee and sandwich chain Pret A Manger wants to increase the number of Britons working in its UK shops to cushion it from potential damage if European Union workers stay away after Brexit, its boss said on Thursday.
The status of citizens from other EU countries living in Britain has been clouded by last June's Brexit vote with the UK government yet to guarantee their rights, saying it first needs a reciprocal deal with the EU.
Of Pret's over 8,000 UK workforce, some 65 percent come from EU countries other than Britain.
"We've been reaching out to British labour pools in a way that we never had to before," Pret Chief Executive Clive Schlee told Reuters.
He said Pret, majority owned by private equity firm Bridgepoint, was increasing its use of social media and links with UK job centres in its recruitment strategy.
This summer the firm will launch its "Big Experience Week" offering 500 week-long paid work experience placements to British school students.
"We're very encouraged by the response...So we feel that we will be able to maintain our diverse, our tolerant and our very competitive culture, but with a higher British percentage over time, said Schlee.
The chief executive also welcomed industry debate on the idea of "barista visas" for EU nationals after Brexit - allowing them to work in Britain but not be eligible for benefits.
Schlee was speaking after Pret, which is believed to be looking at a stock market listing, reported an 11 percent rise in 2016 core earnings.
Pret made core earnings of 93.2 million pounds as total sales rose 15 percent to 776.2 million pounds. Sales at outlets open over a year increased 4.8 percent.
The outcome was a twelfth straight year of revenue and core earnings growth. In the United States sales exceeded $200 million for the first time.
"So far 2017 has followed a very similar pattern to 2016, so we haven't seen a slowdown yet," said Schlee.
On Tuesday Whitbread (WTB.L) said underlying sales at its Costa Coffee chain fell in its fourth quarter. The group also said it was cautious about the 2017-18 financial year, saying it expected a tougher consumer environment.
Reuters reported last month that Pret's private equity owners had chosen Solebury Capital to advise on a planned New York stock market listing..
Pret opened 50 new shops in 2016, taking the total to 444, including 329 in the UK and it now also trades from France, Hong Kong, China and Dubai. It expects to have 500 shops by the end of 2017, including its first in Singapore.
(Editing by Kate Holton/Keith Weir)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Lebanon's President Michel Aoun is pictured at the Presidential Palace in Baabda, Lebanon April 12, 2017. Dalati Nohra/Handout via Reuters
BEIRUT Lebanese President Michel Aoun suspended a parliamentary session for a month on Wednesday, temporarily blocking proposed plans to extend parliament's term for the third time in a row since 2013.
Parliament was expected to vote on Thursday to extend its own mandate until 2018 without an election, officials said. Current lawmakers were elected in 2009 for what was meant to be four-year terms.
In a televised address to the nation, Aoun said the delay was aimed at giving politicians more time to reach an agreement on a new electoral law.
(Reporting by Ellen Francis; Editing by Alison Williams)
* Fourth-qtr GDP up 2.1 pct vs previous estimate of 1.9 pct
* Weekly jobless claims fall less than expected
* Lululemon slumps after weak first-quarter outlook
* Dow up 0.01 pct, S&P off 0.02 pct, Nasdaq up 0.04 pct (Updates to open)
By Tanya Agrawal
March 30 U.S. stocks were little changed on Thursday as the upwardly revised fourth-quarter GDP growth rate underscored strength in the domestic economy, while investors looked ahead to the start of first-quarter earnings season.
Gross domestic product increased 2.1 percent, compared with the previously reported 1.9 percent, the Commerce Department said. The economy grew 3.5 percent in the third quarter.
The market has been choppy in the past few days as investors look for new catalysts and assess the impact of Republicans' failure to pass a healthcare bill on tax reform and the rest of President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda, hopes for which have helped drive stocks to record highs.
But the rally may be near its peak, according to a Reuters poll of strategists, who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end. The S&P has risen 10.3 percent since the U.S. election through Wednesday's close.
The rapid climb in equities has raised concerns regarding valuations, with the S&P 500 trading at nearly 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 times.
The market will be looking at quarterly earnings to see if the lofty valuations can be supported. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"The market is looking for new catalysts in the form of fresh policy news from the Trump administration that can help regain the confidence in his pro-growth mandate after the healthcare bill disappointment," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital LLC in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
"Investors are also looking ahead to earnings to see if companies can deliver what the market has already priced in with the current valuations."
At 9:33 a.m. ET (1333 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 1.17 points, or 0.01 percent, at 20,660.49.
The S&P 500 was down 0.65 points, or 0.02 percent, at 2,360.48.
The Nasdaq Composite was up 2.11 points, or 0.04 percent, at 5,899.66.
Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with the energy index's 0.51 percent rise leading the advancers.
Economic data showed that the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell less than expected last week, with initial claims slipping 3,000 to 258,000 for the week ended March 25.
Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester, Dallas Fed chief Robert Kaplan, San Francisco Fed head John Williams and New York Fed President William Dudley are all scheduled to make appearances.
Shares of Lululemon Athletica plunged 21.3 percent to $52.16 after the Canadian yoga and leisure apparel retailer said first-quarter comparable sales were expected to fall.
ConocoPhillips rose 6.3 percent to $48.94 after the company said it agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy. Cenovus was down 10.1 percent at $11.76.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,271 to 1,164. On the Nasdaq, 1,119 issues rose and 960 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed four new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 30 new highs and seven new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
FILE - In this July 7, 2016 file photo Jessica Mann, left, gives change to a customer following a recreational marijuana purchase at Cannabis City, in Seattle. Officials in states like Oregon where marijuana is legal are trying to curtail smuggling of pot to other states. Meanwhile, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is pushing for a more aggressive approach in these states, noting the drug is being diverted to other states. Ted S. Warren, File AP Photo
The flight was already shaping up as a classic holiday season travel headache, and the plane had not even left the ground.
Mei Rui, an acclaimed concert pianist and a cancer researcher, was supposed to catch a Spirit Airlines flight from her home in Houston to Newark on Friday. The trip was for a recording connected with a clinical cancer study in New York City. The plans were made months ago. Rui's elderly mother and father were along for the ride, as was her 2-year-old son.
But the 6:30 a.m. flight was repeatedly delayed due to weather, stranding passengers in the cabin, she said, a fact confirmed by flight data. When it finally seemed like the jet was ready to go, she began breast-feeding her son, hoping it would put him to sleep — and keep him from crying — on the three-hour ride.
"Every parent with a young child can image, you don't want to be that parent on the plane," she told The Washington Post. "It would be very embarrassing. I was just trying to avoid that."
Advertisement
According to Rui, while the plane's door was still open and people were moving about the cabin, a few flight attendants walked by without saying anything. Then one approached Rui and said her baby had to be in his seat for takeoff.
"I asked for just a couple more minutes to finish because if he woke up at that point he would have made a lot of noise," Rui said. "I said, 'I promise I'll finish before you close the plane's door.'"
The flight attendants conferred at the front of the plane. Rui stopped feeding her son, and as she predicted, the baby began crying. That was when the crew instructed Rui she needed to get off the plane, she told The Post. With her cellphone camera rolling, Rui asked why she was being asked to leave if the baby was strapped in.
"It's not like I was resistant, I put him in the seat," she said. "If they had shown a little compassion, it wouldn't have happened, they didn't have to let it escalate."
Eventually, the crew announced all the passengers had to get off their phones. At the end of the Jetway, police officers were waiting as the mom struggled along with her crying son. A Spirit Airlines representative told her she would not be allowed back on board.
"I just want to know why we were kicked off the plane?" Rui asked the airline representative as he and a handful of uniformed officers blocked her from the plane gate.
"Because you were not compliant."
"Could you tell me which part of the instruction we were not compliant with?" she asked as her son continued to cry. "I think we deserve to know that."
But the airline representative declined to give more details.
"If this happened to your family." Rui said.
But the airline representative cut her off. "It wouldn't happen to my family, I can assure you."
According to Rui, her mother and father, Chinese natives who lived through the traumatic experience of the country's Cultural Revolution, were already terrified from the run-in with plane authorities.
But the day got worse, she says. The family waited for an hour for their luggage, but the items were never returned. Then, after riding back home, Rui's father, who suffers from heart ailments, collapsed and had to be rushed to the emergency room.
In a statement to Houston's KHOU, Spirit stood by the decision to take Rui and her family off the plane.
"Our records indicate a passenger was removed from Flight 712 after refusing to comply with crew instructions several times during taxi to runway and safety briefing. To protect the safety of our guests and crew, FAA regulations and airline policies require all passengers to stay seated and buckled during takeoff and landing. We apologize for any inconvenience to our guests. As a courtesy, we've issued a full refund to the passenger in question."
Rui never made it to New York. The run-in with Spirit was another blow in an already tough year, Rui said. Her family lost their house and possessions (including her piano) in Hurricane Harvey, she said, and they are still living in temporary housing.
April 5 Acorda Therapeutics Inc
* Acorda Therapeutics implements corporate restructuring
* Acorda Therapeutics says corporate restructuring to reduce cost structure and focus resources on two late-stage programs, CVT-301 and Tozadenant
* Acorda Therapeutics says as part of restructuring, co is reducing headcount by about 20 percent
* Acorda Therapeutics says co expects to realize estimated annualized cost savings from reduction in personnel of about $21 million beginning in Q2 of 2017
* Acorda Therapeutics says estimates that it will incur about $7.6 million of pre-tax charges for severance and other costs related to restructuring
* Acorda Therapeutics says co plans to file a new drug application for CVT-301 with the FDA in the second quarter of 2017
* Acorda - adoption of restructuring plan follows invalidation of certain patents pertaining to Ampyra (dalfampridine) extended release tablets, 10 mg Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Breezy conditions are back in the Las Vegas Valley this weekend.
Gusts are expected to hit 29 miles per hour at times both Saturday and Sunday.
A cool down is on its way, by Wednesday the high is forecast to be just 69 degrees The system bringing the cooler air could also provide the Valley with some rain or drizzle on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.
By Friday, the temperature is expected to climb back towards the mid 80's with plenty of sunshine.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - NNIT A/S:
* REG-NNIT A/S: 3/2018 MAJOR SHAREHOLDER ANNOUNCEMENT
* ‍NOVO NORDISK A/S HAS REDUCED ITS SHAREHOLDING IN NNIT​
* ‍NOVO HOLDINGS A/S (“NOVO HOLDINGS”) HAS INCREASED ITS SHAREHOLDING IN NNIT​
* ‍NOVO NORDISK‘S SALE OF 2,000,000 NNIT SHARES OF A NOMINAL VALUE OF DKK 10 EACH TO NOVO HOLDINGS​
* ‍NOVO HOLDINGS' PURCHASE OF 2,000,000 NNIT SHARES OF A NOMINAL VALUE OF DKK 10 EACH FROM NOVO NORDISK​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Barrick Gold Corp Chairman of the board John Thornton speaks during their annual general meeting for shareholders in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on April 28, 2015. REUTERS/Mark Blinch/File Photo
TORONTO/VANCOUVER China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd (600547.SS) is in advanced talks to buy a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's (ABX.TO) (ABX.N) Veladero gold mine in Argentina, people familiar with the process told Reuters even as the Canadian miner grappled with a pipe rupture at the site.
Barrick is no longer in discussions with China's Zijin Mining Group Co Ltd (601899.SS) about the Veladero mine stake sale, the sources said. A sale could fetch more than $1 billion, they added.
Veladero, one of Barrick's five core mines, was the site of a pipe rupture last week - the third incident in 18 months at the mine involving cyanide-bearing solution.
In the wake of the incident, the government of Argentina's San Juan province, where Veladero is located, said on Wednesday it has rejected a work plan presented by Barrick.
San Juan's governor and provincial mining minister met with Barrick President Kelvin Dushnisky and other company executives, according to a statement on the province's website. A second meeting is expected to be scheduled soon, it said.
Barrick will "work with the authorities to understand their concerns and make adjustments as needed," a spokesman said in an emailed response.
Barrick's shares were down 1 percent in Toronto at C$25.85 in early afternoon trading, falling more than its peers.
As part of a purchase plan being discussed, Shandong would also acquire 50 percent of Barrick's nearby undeveloped Pascua-Lama gold and silver project, one of the people said.
The Pascua-Lama project, which straddles the border of Argentina and Chile in the Andes, was put on hold in 2013 due to environmental issues, political opposition, labor unrest and development costs that ballooned to $8.5 billion.
NEW INCIDENT
Last week's pipe break may delay an agreement as Shandong might want to discuss the incident, a source said, but added that it was unlikely to reduce the Chinese firm's interest in the asset.
China is the world's top consumer of the yellow metal and given the global scarcity of large, low-cost gold mines, buyers in China would not likely be deterred by environmental mishaps, analysts have said.
Shandong is one of China's biggest gold producers and a deal would mark the latest instance of Chinese companies investing in Latin America's resource-rich commodities sector, partly to feed domestic demand.
The talks with Shandong are at the "final stage of agreeing the conditions and amounts," one of the sources said.
Shandong did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Reuters. The company halted trading in its shares in Shanghai late on Wednesday pending an announcement.
Barrick and Zijin declined to comment.
There is no certainty that the talks will result in a transaction, the people said. The people, whom Reuters spoke to over a period of several days, declined to be named as the talks were confidential.
Reuters reported on Oct. 25 that Zijin and Shandong had held separate talks with Barrick to buy half of Veladero.
On March 28, a coupling between two pipes on the leach pad processing facility at Veladero failed, causing a gold and diluted cyanide solution to spill.
Although all the solution from the incident was contained within the operating facility and Barrick has said there was no impact on people or the environment, the Argentine province of San Juan ordered the miner to stop adding cyanide to the leach pad pending repairs.
(Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; Additional reporting by Caroline Stauffer in Buenos Aires and Susan Taylor in Toronto, additional reporting by Shanghai newsroom; editing by Andrew Hay, G Crosse)
May 3 Rational AG:
* Outlook confirmed
* Growing sales revenues in Q1 by 22 percent to 165.7 million euros ($180.83 million) (2016: 135.7 million euros)
* In Q1 of 2017, rational generated a gross profit of 101.1 million euros (2016: 83.9 million euros)
* Q1 sales revenues increased 58 percent year on year in North America (U.S. and Canada), where business with chain customers in particular was very successful
* Q1 EBIT stood at 44.1 million euros, 37 percent up on previous year (2016: 32.2 million euros)
* Q1 profit after tax 33.7 million euros, up 38 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Molson Coors Brewing Co:
* MOLSON COORS ANNOUNCES LEE REICHERT PROMOTED TO CHIEF LEGAL AND CORPORATE AFFAIRS OFFICER, FOLLOWING SAM WALKER'S PUBLIC SERVICE APPOINTMENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The future was foretold a number of years ago, when a keen-eyed photographer snapped two budding young players, in short trousers and kitted out in golf attire, sitting side-by-side and eating hamburgers. One of them was Jordan Spieth; the other was Justin Thomas.
On Sunday evening, Thomas boarded a NetJets private charter back to his home in Kentucky, with a special seat reserved for his newest, prized asset: the Wanamaker Trophy.
With his as the most recent name engraved onto the old trophy, the biggest in size of all the Major championship silverware, the 24-year-old had positive proof of his arrival as a new power in professional golf.
And, indeed, Thomas – who'd contended going into the final round of the US Open at Erin Hills in June only to crumble (finishing tied-ninth) and subsequently endured a series of missed cuts at the Travelers, the Quicken Loans National and the British Open before rediscovering equilibrium at the no-cut WGC-Bridgestone Invitational last week – demonstrated patience and maturity beyond his years to make the major step-up to claim the US PGA Championship at Quail Hollow.
In what was just his ninth appearance in a Major championship, Thomas – the son and grandson of professional golfers, admitting: “As a kid growing up, being a golf fan, you want to win all the Majors. You want to win any Major. For me, the PGA definitely had a special place in my heart, and maybe a special drive” – showed that the gene pool had produced the family's greatest champion; and with the prospect of yet more to come, as he looks set to become a rival as well as a friend to Spieth in contending for future titles.
On what he himself described as a “crazy day,” Thomas – from the bluegrass state of Kentucky – produced more than his fair share of craziness.
A monster putt for birdie on the ninth was followed by a lingering birdie putt on the 10th that hung over the lip for what seemed like an eternity (in reality only seconds) before falling in . . . and, then, on the 13th, he chipped in for another birdie to separate himself from what had been a five-way tie for the d and ultimately march on through the Green Mile to a two-stroke victory over Louis Oosthuizen, Patrick Reed and Francesco Molinari.
The birdie on the 10th was an indication of the golfing Gods bestowing favours. His tee shot, for starters, hit a tree and bounced back onto the fairway.
“Get lucky, just spit it out for me, please,” Thomas had talked to the ball in flight. And, when it did, he turned to his veteran caddie Jimmy Johnson and remarked, “That's why you ask!”
Iconic moment
But that wasn't the end of it. Just minutes later, his birdie putt hung on the lip of the cup before falling in.
“I didn't even see it go in. I was more so looking at Jimmy, asking, ‘How does it not go in?'” And it was only the roars from the galleries that alerted him to the ball finally deciding to drop in what became an iconic moment of his victory.
Then, of that chip-in on 13 which would prove crucial, Thomas observed: “It's tough to chip out of the rough, you can really look stupid in a heartbeat because it's all into the grain and it's really short to where you can just flub it. You can hit it right in front of you and if you try it play for that, it can come out hot and you can run it by. To have that chip come out perfectly, and exactly like I saw, and that was a roar like I've never experienced.”
To Thomas's credit, he kept cool and calm – even when failing to birdie the drivable par four 14th or the par five 15th – and produced the killer blow with a birdie on the par three 17th.
It is worth noting, too, that Oosthuizen's runner-up finish completed a Grand Slam of sorts: it meant he has now finished second in all four of the Major championships, as well – of course – as winning the Open at St Andrews in 2010.
For Thomas, though, it was a win which confirmed a talent that first manifested as a young child – aged six – when he called on his father to watch him hit fades and draws with a natural ease.
Now a Major champion, the aim for Thomas is to become a multiple winner and also to use the momentum heading into the FedEx Cup playoffs.
As he put it, “I know that a Major champion will never be taken away from, you know, after my name. Hopefully I'm going to win some more, plenty more, a lot more, whatever. I know you can't get to two unless you get one. We're getting to crunch time [of the season] and the FedExCup and the playoffs, and this puts me in a lot better position than I was before the week started. I'm just excited for that.”
Steven Luatua has no regrets about signing a two-year deal with Bristol, saying although it wasn't an easy decision, the opportunity to secure his family's financial future was too good to pass up.
The All Blacks and Blues loose forward, who will link up with former Blues coach Pat Lam in the west of England after this Super Rugby season, told the Herald the money Bristol were offering was "night and day" compared with what New Zealand Rugby had tabled.
"The offer they [NZ Rugby] gave me in comparison to what I will get is night and day and that was a big factor in me deciding to leave," Luatua said today.
The decision by the 25-year-old, who has played 15 tests, has been described as disappointing by All Blacks captain Kieran Read and coach Steve Hansen who have spoken of a young man in the prime of his life and just beginning to reach his playing potential.
And while Luatua is flattered by those comments and the wider reaction of New Zealand's rugby-supporting public, he said his decision involved more than just himself.
"It's been on the table for the best part of a couple of months," he said. "A lot of sleepless nights, a lot of U-turns here and there but I'm glad in the end I made the best decision for me and my family."
Asked about his reaction to those who say he's leaving too soon, Luatua said: "I can understand that and I appreciate that. In a sense I think that's a bit of a compliment, people wanting me to stay and thinking I haven't reached my full potential here [and that I] could do more for New Zealand Rugby. But ... it's a good opportunity and a good fit. I think Bristol is a great city and I'm fortunate to have a head coach that I guess will understand me and my goals and aspirations over there.
"At the same time I can secure the future for my family. That's a big pull, to give back. My family don't expect much. They know I do what I do and that I give back when I can, but in this way I can actually make a difference."
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: All Blacks return for Highlanders Auckland rugby losing Polynesian talent under central contracting Rugby: Brumbies considering signing 43 year old
The tall flanker or No8, who adds depth to any squad for his ability to play lock, is the youngest of five children, and said the ability to give back played a big part in his decision.
"As I have got older I've come to realise it wasn't just mum and dad that made a lot of sacrifices," he said.
"It was my siblings as well, they got the short stick here and there. I grew up with my mum and dad not favouring me, but ... 'here, let's take Steven to this and that'. Now that I'm older I can see that and they've been a big part of that."
Luatua also has a young daughter with his partner.
Hansen has said in an interview that Luatua's representatives didn't communicate with New Zealand Rugby's contracts team as well as they could have, but Luatua said: "as far as I'm aware everything was on the table. They were aware of my situation.
"I feel like my team communicated that aspect. Whether or not that got to the higher ups I don't know. But my understanding is that New Zealand Rugby were aware of the other offers."
Luatua, who has played 63 matches for the Blues, said he wanted to return to the franchise and potentially the All Blacks after his travels. "One of my goals is to try to clock up 100 games for the Blues so somewhere along the line I'll look to head back... whether or not they'll have me that's a different story so we'll see how that goes."
- NZ Herald
Brasilia May 3 The head of the committee in Brazil's lower house of Congress that is examining a landmark pension reform proposal said he is confident the measure would easily pass the committee on Wednesday.
Deputy Carlos Marun told reporters he thinks at least 22 of the 37 members of the committee will approve the measure - three more than necessary - and that it would be taken up by the full house in the second half of this month.
The unpopular constitutional amendment would make Brazilians work longer and reduce some pension benefits to plug a widening budget deficit at the root of the country's worst recession ever. (Reporting by Maria Carolina Marcello; Writing by Brad Brooks; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
/ Front page / News
Update: 12:40PM A 53-year-old man has been charged for the death of Special Constable Eroni Daugunu in a hit and run incident along Walu Bay two weeks ago.
The driver of the motor vehicle that allegedly killed the 22-year-old policeman will be produced at the Suva Magistrates Court today.
Police spokesperson, Ana Naisoro confirmed the driver has been charged with one count of dangerous driving occasioning death, one count of fail to stop after an accident, one count of fail to comply
São Paulo Brazil's JBS SA (JBSS3.SA), the world's largest meat processor, for the first time imported fresh beef from the United States into the country in a bid to develop a niche market for a more marbled version of a cut known locally as "picanha," sometimes referred to as top sirloin cap.
JBS's imports of such a cut from the U.S. may reach at least 150 tonnes per month, according to initial management projections. This is the equivalent of around 10 percent of JBS's production of top sirloin cap in Brazil, executives told Reuters in an interview Tuesday.
Brazilian imports of U.S. fresh beef were authorized last year, in a bilateral deal that also allowed Brazilian beef to enter the United States. JBS's move underscores the company's belief it can sell a product of higher value even as import tariffs are levied just above 10 percent.
"Brazilians enjoy their meat and there is consumption potential to be explored," said Bassem Sami Akl Akl, technical director at JBS's meat division. "This market tends to grow a lot," he said
Antônio Souza, JBS meat's commercial director, said the company has not defined a sale price for the imported sirloin cut, which initially will be sold to the main restaurants of São Paulo.
At a later stage, the company may distribute it more widely in Brazil, Souza said.
The first shipment, which arrived at the Santos port, has been cleared and is currently at a JBS storage facility. On Wednesday, the container will be opened at a symbolic event in the presence of U.S. government representatives, JBS executives said.
(Reporting by Roberto Samora and Alonso Soto; Writing by Ana Mano; Editing by Bernard Orr and Diane Craft)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
Raj Giri (@RajGiri_303), Chris Featherstone and Glenn Rubenstein (@GlennRubenstein) are back for the latest edition of the Wrestling Inc. podcast, which starts at noon ET. Topics include:
- WWE SmackDown Review
- John Cena praising Velveteen Dream.
- CM Punk's trial.
- Seth Rollins saying The Undertaker should retire.
- Io Shirai heading to WWE.
And more!
You can watch the full episode in the video above and join our live chat for the show on our YouTube channel at youtube.com/WrestlingINC.
The Wrestling Inc. Podcast airs every Monday immediately following RAW, Wednesdays at noon ET and post-WWE PPV Sundays immediately after the event with Matt Morgan, Glenn Rubenstein and Raj Giri. Replays are streamed on our Facebook page Facebook.com/WrestlingINC the following day at noon ET except for the Wednesday podcast, which is available the same day at 3pm ET.
You can subscribe to the Wrestling Inc. Podcast on iTunes and on YouTube. Please rate us and leave a comment.
April 28 Tangrenshen Group Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 70 percent to 100 percent, or to be 113.3 million yuan to 133.3 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (66.6 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of fodder and fresh meat business, as well as decreased costs and expenses are the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ttFQlo
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Adds OECD figures)
* Provisional duties one step in EU investigation
* European steel industry body says measures needed
* OECD figures show Iran a rising steel power
By Barbara Lewis and Georgina Prodhan
LONDON/FRANKFURT, March 29 The European Commission has decided it will not impose provisional duties on hot-rolled steel from Brazil, Iran, Russia, Serbia and Ukraine, but could still find the countries have breached rules on unfair competition, industry sources said on Wednesday.
The EU executive has a deadline of April 7 to announce whether it is imposing provisional duties on the steel after complaints it is being sold into Europe at unfairly low prices that make it hard for EU manufacturers to compete.
The sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the Commission had decided against provisional duties, but that is only one step.
The Commission had no immediate comment.
Eurofer, which represents the European steel industry, says duties are necessary to protect a sector that is only just recovering from a steel price crash in 2015.
"If the Commission does not tackle excess production beyond China, it exposes our sector to the destructive forces of global excess capacity in steel," Eurofer said in a statement.
Any decision not to impose duties on hot-rolled flat products, used in construction and machinery, from Iran and four other countries would be incomprehensible, it added.
Historically, Eurofer has been most concerned about China, the world's biggest steel producer, but now China has begun to rein in its output and Indian expansion is beginning to slow, it says a new threat is from Iran.
Iran has ambitious plans for a sector it hoped would supply a growing domestic economy following the easing of international sanctions.
But a deal in 2015 in which Iran would curb its nuclear programme in return for a relaxation of sanctions, has had less impact than foreseen as foreign partners have struggled to find financing that does not conflict with continued U.S. strictures.
A report by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, seen by Reuters, said steel capacity had continued to expand in 2016, rising by 1.4 percent from 2015 to reach 2.39 billion tonnes globally.
Iran stood out, with 19 Iranian new capacity projects between now and 2019, for a total of nearly 24 million tonnes of extra capacity in addition to an estimated 28 million tonnes achieved so far.
However, there could be obstacles as international companies struggle to overcome the challenges of financing.
According to the OECD report, in China, steelmaking is stabilising at around one billion tonnes per year and there are indications it has exceeded a goal to reduce capacity by 45 million tonnes in 2016, as part of a 100-150 million tonne closure targets up to 2020.
Capacity in India reached 125.8 million tonnes per year by 2016, up from 56 million tonnes 10 years earlier.
However, the rate of expansion is expected to slow. For instance, the OECD said Tata had postponed 3 million tonnes per year of new capacity initially expected to become operational in 2016. (Editing by David Evans)
The Minister of Youths and Sports, Mr Solomon Dalung, has advised youths to shun all forms of anti-social behaviour and cultivate peace and discipline, being the bedrock of a successful society.
Dalung gave the advice at a dialogue organised by the Youth Development and Reformation Initiative in commemoration of the 2017 International Youth Day (IYD) in Abuja.
Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia, describes International Youth Day as “an awareness day designated by the United Nations.
“The purpose is to draw attention to a given set of cultural and legal issues surrounding youth.
“The first IYD was observed on Aug.12, 2000 and is being observed annually on Aug.12.''
Newsmen report that theme for 2017 is: “Youth Building Peace.''
Dalung said, “I urge you to rededicate yourself to this laudable project, as you stand out to be counted as an ambassador of peace.
“ I have no doubt that this programme will provide an opportunity to unveil the inherent talents among our youths and channel the resources to the economic growth and sustainable peace and security.''
In his remarks, Mr Hope George, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor of Delta, said that young people were hope of any nation.
“Youths must wake up to assume leadership responsibilities. I called on the leaders to utilise the positive potential of our youth.
“ I commend the National Assembly for passing the `Not Too Young To Run Bill` and the Peace Corp of Nigeria (PCN) Bill,” George said.
In his comments, Mr Daniel Kadzai, the National President, Youth Wing, Christians Association of Nigeria (CAN), said, “Peace sustains only in a situation where youths are deliberately allowed to participate in shaping their destiny.
“Peace is, therefore, a state of order, of freedom from fear and want of being secure.''
Also, Mr Ben Duntoye, the Executive Director, Youth Development and Reformation Initiative, said that youths need to show high sense of responsibility, commitment and unity.
“Youths need to sit up; enough of complaints, hold your destiny in your hands, be aware that power is not given freely, but you need to go for it.
“The trend globally is young leadership and believe the case of Nigeria will not be different comes 2019,” he said.
IYD is also an opportunity for governments and others to draw attention to youth issues worldwide.
During IYD, concerts, workshops, cultural events, and meetings involving national and local government officials and youth organisations take place around
the world.
NAN
March 28 Serious Fraud Office Confirms Reached An Agreement With Tesco Stores Limited
* Which, if approved by the crown court, will result in a deferred prosecution agreement
* Sfo says tesco will pay fine of 129 million pounds ($161.77 million)and sfo's full costs, if dpa is approved Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.7974 pounds)
SMU made its coaching decision on Monday, hiring former California head coach Sonny Dykes to be the Mustangs' new leader. With a new face in charge at SMU, here are 10 things to know about Dykes.
2. Texas roots. Dykes are born in Big Spring, Texas, and went to high school in Lubbock. His first coaching job was a local one at Richardson Pearce before spending two years at Navarro Junior College in Corsicana.
1. The basics. Dyke comes to SMU after four seasons as Cal's head coach and three at Louisiana Tech. In that time, he went 41-44 with two bowl appearances. At Louisiana Tech, his teams re-wrote the offensive record books with his "Bear Raid" offense. He was fired by Cal after the 2016 season after interviewing for other job openings.
3. Take me out to the ballgame. Dykes got an athletic scholarship to attend Texas Tech, only not as a football player. Dykes played first base on the Red Raiders' baseball team, lettering for three seasons in Lubbock.
4. Not rocket science. Dykes had an interesting choice of major when he attended Texas Tech. He chose to study nuclear engineering, graduating with his degree in 1993. He also received a master's degree from Kentucky while serving as a graduate assistant and tight ends coach under former SMU offensive coordinator Hal Mumme.
5. Coaching bloodlines. Dyke comes from a well-respected coaching family in the state of Texas. His late father, Spike, is the all-time winningest football coach in Texas Tech history, having won three Southwest Conference coach of the year awards in 14 seasons at the helm of the Red Raiders.
6. Biding his time. Since being fired from Cal following the 2016 season, Dykes has served as an offensive analyst at TCU under head coach Gary Patterson and coordinator Sonny Cumbie, who was a quarterback at Tech when Dykes was an assistant there.
7. Pro quarterbacks. Dyke has seen two of his former Cal quarterbacks make it to the NFL in recent seasons. The bigger name is Jared Goff, who was a part of Dykes' first recruiting class at Cal and went on to be the No. 1 pick in the 2016 draft by the Los Angeles Rams. Then Dykes picked up Texas Tech transfer Davis Webb before the 2016 season. Webb is currently a backup for the New York Giants.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., March 30 SpaceX is aiming for another space industry first on Thursday when it plans to launch a Falcon 9 rocket that has flown before, a key step in billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk's quest to cut the cost of space flight.
The rocket is scheduled to blast off at 6:37 p.m. EDT (2237 GMT) from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida to deliver a communications satellite into orbit for Luxembourg-based satellite operator SES SA.
Musk's SpaceX, formally known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp, made history in December 2015 when it landed an orbital rocket for the first time, a feat it since has repeated seven times.
By reusing rockets, SpaceX aims to cut its costs by about 30 percent, the company has said. It lists the cost of a Falcon 9 ride at $62 million but has not yet announced a price for flying on a used rocket.
SES received a discount for joining the inaugural run, chief technical officer Martin Halliwell told reporters this week, declining to specify the cost.
Price alone was not the reason SES, with a fleet of 65 satellites, decided to fly on a used rocket, he said.
"Someone has to go first," Halliwell said. "Really what we want to do here is encourage the launcher industry to follow this way forward."
Proving the concept works is crucial to SpaceX, which is moving on from an accident in September that damaged another Florida site.
SpaceX also is working on a passenger spaceship, with two unidentified tourists signed up for a future trip around the moon. The company's long-term goal under founder Musk is to fly people to and from Mars.
For its 33rd mission, SpaceX is reusing a Falcon 9 booster that originally flew in April 2016.
"We don't believe we're taking an inordinate risk here," said Halliwell, noting that the rocket is in sufficiently good shape that its launch insurance rates did not increase.
He declined to give the cost of the SES-10 satellite.
After sending the SES-10 satellite on its way to orbit, the rocket's first-stage will turn around and attempt to land itself on an ocean platform. If successful, SpaceX could fly the booster a third time, said company spokesman John Taylor.
The rocket's second-stage, which is not recovered, will continue firing to carry SES-10 into an initial egg-shaped orbit high above Earth. It will provide TV and other communications services to Latin America. (Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by Letitia Stein and Bill Trott)
"Last night was the darkest in the history of Italian democracy," Luigi Di Maio, head of Italy's populist Five-Star Movement, said on Tuesday. For once, this was not just Italian hyperbole. He's right, but not entirely for the reasons he meant.
It is indeed a profoundly threatening moment, not just for modern Italy, but for the European Union as a whole.
Not because the Italian President, Sergio Mattarella, has ridden rough-shod over democratic convention by blocking the appointment of a Eurosceptic Finance Minister, or because he has turned to Carlo Cottarelli, a former big wig at the International Monetary Fund, to form a caretaker government; something similar has happened before in the bedlam of Italy's political circus.
Rather, it is because the current incendiary confluence of political, financial and economic forces is a much more dangerous mix than anything we have seen before in the single currency's troubled, near 20-year history, threatening to blow the whole thing apart from within.
Advertisement
It is impossible to imagine the euro, once the rebellious Italians have been cut loose, sailing on regardless as if nothing had happened.
If Berlin honestly believes this, then it is living in a parallel universe. The loss to creditor nations - of which Germany is by far the largest - would in itself set in train a whole sequence of political uprisings.
And if it is the end of the eurozone, then it is also curtains for the European Union. This might be regarded as cause for celebration among some Eurosceptics. Brexiteers would think it vindication of Britain's decision to leave.
They should be careful what they wish for; the political, financial and economic fallout from a disorderly unravelling of Europe's post-war settlement would make the financial crisis look but a stroll in the park by comparison.
Italy's populist leaders shake their fists at the widening spreads, as if they were the very personification of the establishment conspiracy they believe has floored a once glorious nation. Europe's political elites have given them plenty of reason to believe it.
"The markets will teach the Italians to vote for the right thing," Günther Oettinger, European commissioner for budget and human resources, commented, as if deliberately shooting himself in the foot.
If he had casually opined that all Italians were lousy footballers, he could scarcely have said something better designed to incite.
Five-Star Movement leader Luigi Di Maio meets reporters at the Italian parliament, in Rome. Photo / AP
But markets have of course never been at the beck and call of the politicians, neither those who want Italy to be punished for voting the "wrong way", or those who habitually harangue the financiers of London and New York for failure to do their bidding or bankroll their hair-brained policy initiatives.
Rather, they are governed by the self-interest of millions of investors and money managers.
And what they see is an environment about to turn entirely hostile to wealth preservation and growth - a situation which is politically much more serious than the Red Brigades in the Seventies, when the middle classes were united against the violence, and far more dangerous financially than the height of the eurozone crisis under Silvio Berlusconi, when a technocratic government was allowed to step into the breach to calm things down.
Even if the Five Star/League alliance doesn't increase its vote in the next election, the centrists are so hopelessly divided that it is impossible to think of them as able to form an alternative coalition.
There may still be time for the eurozone high command in Brussels and Berlin to prevent the impending road crash.
But they can only do so by cutting Cottarelli some slack, and loosening the fiscal straitjacket accordingly.
Precedent would suggest that this is indeed what the eurozone will do. At every stage during the euro's ongoing crisis, Berlin has drawn its lines in the sand, only to see each one breached in an attempt to save the single currency from collapse.
Similar band-aids will surely be applied this time, allowing the centrists to regroup and pull Italy from the brink.
The alternatives look bleak. Once markets cease to believe in the possibility of political solutions, things will quickly play out.
Spreads will widen dramatically back to where they were at the peak of the eurozone crisis, making it hard to impossible for the government to fund itself in debt markets.
It is indeed a profoundly threatening moment, not just for modern Italy, but for the European Union as a whole. Photo / AP
Who in their right mind would buy Italian treasuries given current uncertainties? One answer to that question might be the European Central Bank, through existing central bank asset purchase facilities or by activating so-called "outright monetary transactions".
This might help a bit, but the OMT option is only open to programme countries that have agreed challenging fiscal targets and reform agendas.
This is precisely what Italy is rebelling against. In any case, it seems likely that matters would come to a head well before we reached that point.
The ECB would also face strong resistance to increasing its exposure to a country whose forthcoming election is likely to be a proxy on whether or not to stay in the euro.
As Italy's populists charge headlong towards the cliff, they drag the whole edifice with them into a world of mass default. SHARE THIS QUOTE:
In such circumstances, the so-called "doom loop", whereby impairment of sovereign debt infects the solvency of the banking system through its holdings of Italian treasuries, would soon return. Already there is evidence of capital flight, forcing Italian banks to draw ever more heavily on central bank liquidity.
This in turn increases the size of the potential liability in surplus nations such as Germany and the Netherlands.
Alarm bells are ringing loud in Frankfurt, where the Bundesbank Target 2 balance will shortly breach the €1 trillion ($1.7t) mark. In the event of a collapse in the single currency, this money would be lost to Germany, the greatest wipeout of middle-class savings since the Second World War.
The Eagles' Hotel California - you can check out any time but you can never leave - has been much used as an analogy in Britain's Brexit negotiations.
If true of the EU, it is doubly so of the euro. There is no pain-free way of leaving the euro. If the intention is announced, the markets will massacre Italian assets and overnight bankrupt the country.
If preparations are made in secret, it amounts to the same thing; as soon as the markets suspect, the country will become subject to a catastrophic run.
The Varoufakis idea of a parallel currency - or mini-BOT - is similarly flawed. No one outside Italy will bank it except at massive discounts, and if seen as a staging post to eventually leaving the euro, there would again be a stampede for the exit, forcing the pace of events.
Liberal elites have brought this calamity on themselves. By refusing to listen, and reform accordingly, they double down on their mistakes.
As Italy's populists charge headlong towards the cliff, they drag the whole edifice with them into a world of mass default. Who knows what comes next, but the way things are going, Italy could be out of the EU before Britain.
DUBAI May 2 Abu Dhabi's state-owned Etihad Airways said on Tuesday that it was no longer willing to invest in Alitalia after the Italian carrier's board asked to be put under special administration.
Without support for restructuring, "we are not prepared to continue to invest," Etihad's president James Hogan said in an emailed statement. "We therefore support the necessary decision of the Alitalia Board to apply for extraordinary administration."
Etihad took a 49 percent stake in Alitalia in 2014, promising to turn around the troubled airline with a 1.76 billion euro ($1.92 billion) investment that included other shareholders. (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai and Stanley Carvalho in Abu Dhabi; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
Local education firm Upper Hand to College will officially open a Girls' Mobile App Design Camp at the Goleta Valley Community Center from 8:30 a.m. to noon Monday, July 8.
Participating students will learn to build six apps for smartphones and tablets during one of four weekly sessions. The summer camp is for girls entering grades 6 to 8 and does not require any prior training in computer programming. The camp runs through Aug. 2.
In the United States, women are largely underrepresented in the science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) fields. Women make up nearly 50 percent of the U.S. workforce, but hold less than 25 percent of the jobs in STEM. Furthermore, women account for only 19 percent of the bachelor's degrees in computer science yet make up 64 percent of the users on Facebook, 58 percent of the users on Twitter and 82 percent of the users on Pinterest.
“Girls are widely using technology. However, they do not picture themselves creating technology,” said Naiyma Houston, founder and director of Upper Hand to College. “Our summer camp is designed to show girls that they are just as capable as boys in creating and designing new technology in computer science.”
Girls participating in a weekly summer session will:
» Build six unique mobile applications for Android devices.
» Participate in activities designed to increase self esteem and leadership skills.
» Gain a new enthusiasm for computer science.
» Become aware of the wide variety of career opportunities in the tech industry.
Founded just a year ago, Upper Hand to College has already proven to be an asset to girls in the community. This fall they hosted a successful all-girl STEM conference at UC Santa Barbara. The event featured hands-on science and engineering workshops. Plus a top notch roster of women leaders in science, engineering and education who shared their experience and advice with the more than 200 students in attendance.
To register for the summer camp, click here or call 805.984.2656.
— Naiyma Houston is the director of Upper Hand to College.
The DUP and others rightly point out that abortion law is a matter for the Stormont Assembly.
However assembly meetings have been suspended. I say “assembly meetings” because the assembly itself still exists.
Indeed all its members are still paid a salary and hopefully are still carrying on constituency work.
It is the executive which has collapsed, not the assembly.
Given that abortion and other issues impinging on individual conscience have never been subject to executive decision and indeed are regarded as outside party politics and party whipping, why should the assembly not be reconvened purely to debate and decide whether to call a referendum of the Northern Ireland electorate on this one issue?
As well as no party whipping there should of course be no question of permitting any ‘petition of concern' in this case.
It is simply unacceptable to ignore the remarkable referendum result in the south, especially in view of the long-standing difference between Northern Ireland and Great Britain on this important matter.
Carrying on as if nothing had happened is not an option.
Denis Loretto, London SE1
BRUSSELS, March 31 It would be "legitimate" for the European Central Bank to review its current stance that rates will stay at record low levels or may even be cut, but it is too early for now to have that conversation, ECB board member Benoit Coeure said on Friday.
Speaking at an event in Brussels, Coeure said that this part of the ECB's policy guidance may have become less relevant now that price growth has rebounded and the threat of deflation, or a prolonged fall in prices, has disappeared.
He stressed, however, that this discussion was yet taking place and it was too early to have it. (Reporting By Francesco Canepa)
April 6 Pixie Group Ltd
* Resignation of chairman-peg.ax
* Resignation of chairman and director Victor Hoo Voon Him
* Board has begun candidate search and will look to appoint new director and chairman in next egm Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Following are news stories, press reports and events to watch that may affect Poland's financial markets on Friday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 1 hour):
PLAY
Mobile operator Play plans to accelerate investment in its network this year and wants to build over 1,000 cell towers in 2018, Play Chief Executive Joergen Bank-Jensen said, according to the newspaper Parkiet.
WIRTUALNA POLSKA
Publisher Wirtualna Polska Holding is in talks with Polish and foreign entities - mainly from the e-commerce sector - regarding their takeover, Wirtualna's Chief Executive Jacek Swiderski told the newspaper Rzeczpospolita.
FURNITURE INDUSTRY
The value of the furniture market in Poland may grow by about 7 percent in 2018 to 50 billion zlotys ($15.05 billion), Parkiet reported.
****Reuters has not verified stories reported by Polish media and does not vouch for their accuracy.****
For other related news, double-click on: Polish equities E.Europe equities Polish money Polish debt Eastern Europe All emerging markets Hot stocks Stock markets Market debt news Forex news For real-time index quotes, double-click on: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX ($1 = 3.3222 zlotys) (Reporting by Warsaw Bureau, editing by Larry King)
March 29 QubicGames SA:
* Said on Tuesday that joinlty with HBI Ventures sp. z o.o. and Drageus Publishing House sp. z o.o. set new unit Drageus Games
* The company acquired 39.58 pct of stake of a new unit for 47,500 zlotys
* New unit to create and publish science fiction/space games on PC/Mac, iOS/Android platform and console
* The first project of Drageus Games is Mad Carnage game which will have its premiere in 2017
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Seed Treatment Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Syngenta, Bayer, Monsanto, Platform Specialty Products Corporation, Nufarm Limited, FMC Corporation.
The Seed Treatment Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Seed Treatment industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-seed-treatment-market/10136/#requestforsample
The Seed Treatment Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Seed Treatment Market Products Type Segmentation : Syngenta, Bayer, Monsanto, Platform Specialty Products Corporation, Nufarm Limited, FMC Corporation.
Seed Treatment Market Applications Segmentation : Cereals, Oil Crops, Fruits and Vegetables.
Key Highlights of the Seed Treatment Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-seed-treatment-market/10136/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Seed Treatment market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
MELBOURNE, April 5 London copper rallied on Wednesday as China returned from a two-day break to buy up metals following brighter global manufacturing reports, while zinc and nickel tracked a rally in steel. FUNDAMENTALS * LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange climbed 0.9 percent to $5,832 a tonne by 0158 GMT, after ending the previous session with modest gains. Prices punched through resistance at the 100-day moving average at $5,790, which traders said improved its technical picture. * SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper cut early losses to trade at 47,220 yuan ($6,856) a tonne, down 1.3 percent. * NICKEL, ZINC: In other metals, LME nickel and zinc both rallied 1.8 percent, dragged up by gains in the steel sector after a cyclone in Australia damaged transport routes for coking coal, fuelling a jump in prices. * US ECONOMY: The U.S. trade deficit fell from a near two year high in February as slowing domestic demand weighed on imports and stronger global growth boosted exports of American goods. * CHINA-US MEET: Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. * CESCO: Southern Copper, should share more of its profits with workers in Peru to avoid an indefinite strike at its Toquepala and Cuajone mines starting on April 10, a union leader said on Tuesday. * CESCO: After a tumultuous period of falling copper prices and heavy cuts to its investment plans, Chile's Codelco has stabilized and its levels of debt and spending will likely stay steady in coming years, its chairman told Reuters on Tuesday. * GLOBAL MANUFACTURING: Factories across Europe and much of Asia posted another month of solid growth in March, rounding off a strong quarter for manufacturers, even though exporters fear a rise in U.S. protectionism could snuff out a global trade recovery. * For the top stories in metals and other news, click or MARKETS NEWS * Asian stocks are set for a cautious start on Wednesday as investors move to the sidelines before a potentially tense meeting between Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0750 France Markit services PMI Mar 0755 Germany Markit services PMI Mar 0800 Euro zone Markit services PMI final Mar 1215 U.S. ADP national employment Mar 1400 U.S. ISM non-manufacturing PMI Mar 1800 Minutes of Federal Reserve meeting on March 14-15 PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0143 GMT Three month LME copper 5823.5 Most active ShFE copper 47230 Three month LME aluminium 1955 Most active ShFE aluminium 51 Three month LME zinc 2779.5 Most active ShFE zinc 23025 Three month LME lead 2328 Most active ShFE lead 4 Three month LME nickel 10120 Most active ShFE nickel 3 Three month LME tin 19980 Most active ShFE tin 3 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 632.28 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1554.33 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 307.18 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1751.03 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1571 ($1 = 6.8870 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Richard Pullin)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Torrential rain battered Nepal on Sunday, causing widespread flooding and landslides and raising the death toll from three days of severe weather to 49 people, according to officials.
The toll could go higher than three dozen people were reported missing. Another 17 were injured.
Slideshow (3 Images)
The heavy rain, which mainly hit the country's southern plains, led to the evacuation of 5,000 people, a Home Ministry official said.
More than 30 people were reported dead on Saturday.
Army and police personnel continued search and rescue operations, with more than 34,000 houses submerged, the official added.
"The number of dead could increase as we are still compiling the final tally," said Laxmi Pun, an aide to Home Minister Janardan Sharma, told Reuters.
The Red Cross estimated 100,000 people were affected by the disaster, with one official describing how the storm had cut off communication and electricity, adding to the challenges in rescuing people and distributing aid supplies such as food and water to displaced people.
Monsoon rains which start in June and continue through September are important for farm-dependent Nepal, but they also cause havoc each year.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds details, updates prices) By Rushil Dutta April 13 Asian currencies rose on Thursday as the U.S. dollar and Treasury yields retreated after President Donald Trump said the greenback was "getting too strong". The dollar index against major currencies fell 0.7 percent after Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the dollar was too strong and that he'd prefer the Federal Reserve keep interest rates low. Against the yen, the dollar fell to five-month low. Asian currencies were also helped by benchmark Treasury yields sinking to near five-month lows. "I do like a low-interest rate policy," Trump told the Wall Street Journal. The yuan posted its biggest gain in over two weeks, climbing 0.24 percent, after China's central bank set a much higher fix against the dollar. Regional currencies also drew strength from strong trade data from China. China's March exports rose 16.4 percent from a year earlier, while imports increased 20.3 percent, both exceeding market expectations. The won posted its second day of gains, despite tensions over North Korea, while the Taiwan dollar rose for the third session in a row. The latter rose to its highest in two weeks and recorded its biggest intra-day gain since early January. The Singapore dollar firmed marginally but lacked momentum. The Monetary Authority of Singapore, the island-state's central bank, held policy steady on Thursday as expected, but its comments dismayed markets expecting a less dovish tone. "Market players evidently read the line in the MAS's statement 'a neutral policy stance is appropriate for an extended period…' as dovish and the SGD spiked lower," ING said in a note earlier in the session. Markets in the Philippines and Thailand were closed for national holidays. INDIAN RUPEE The Reserve Bank of India is seen turning more hawkish to keep price pressures in check after data showed inflation accelerated to its highest in five months in March. The central bank held its main policy rate steady last week but raised a secondary rate to help mop up liquidity and signal its worries about a potential spike in inflation. The rupee recovered the previous day's losses to rise 0.6 percent against the dollar to 64.285. "Given our view of a growth recovery along with a pick-up in inflation in H2 2017, we expect the RBI to stay on hold throughout 2017, with risks skewed towards a hike in early 2018," Nomura said in a note. SOUTH KOREAN WON The won gained for a second session, adding 1.3 percent against the dollar at 1126.300. The Bank of Korea's monetary policy committee held its base rate steady at 1.25 percent, in line with a Reuters forecast. A majority of analysts see the central bank on hold for the rest of the year and some see tightening beginning next year. The central bank also raised its GDP growth forecast for this year to 2.6 percent from 2.5 percent previously announced. Inflation this year is now seen at 1.9 percent, versus 1.8 percent announced in January. CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR Change on the day at 0521 GMT Currency The Latest bid Previous day Pct Move Japan yen 108.920 109 +0.07 Sing dlr 1.394 1.3948 +0.08 Taiwan dlr 30.284 30.556 +0.90 Korean won 1126.300 1141.4 +1.34 Rupiah 13255.000 13274 +0.14 Rupee 64.285 64.68 +0.61 Ringgit 4.422 4.425 +0.08 Yuan 6.878 6.8930 +0.22 Change so far Currency The Latest bid End 2016 Pct Move Japan yen 108.920 117.07 +7.48 Sing dlr 1.394 1.4490 +3.97 Taiwan dlr 30.284 32.279 +6.59 Korean won 1126.300 1207.70 +7.23 Rupiah 13255.000 13470 +1.62 Rupee 64.285 67.92 +5.65 Ringgit 4.422 4.4845 +1.42 Yuan 6.878 6.9467 +1.00 (Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru)
Cardinal Pell, the most senior Vatican official ever charged in the Catholic Church sex abuse crisis, has appeared in court in Australia.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sodastream International Ltd:
* SODASTREAM ACQUIRES FRENCH DISTRIBUTOR
* SODASTREAM INTERNATIONAL LTD - ‍PURCHASE PRICE WAS EUR 17.5 MILLION, SUBJECT TO CUSTOMARY POST-CLOSING PRICE ADJUSTMENTS​
* SODASTREAM INTERNATIONAL LTD - PURCHASE PRICE WAS EUR 17.5 MILLION, SUBJECT TO CUSTOMARY POST-CLOSING PRICE ADJUSTMENTS.
* SODASTREAM INTERNATIONAL LTD - PURCHASE PRICE WAS EUR 17.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
NEW YORK Former head of retail banking at Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) Carrie Tolstedt rejected on Monday the bank's internal investigation into sales practice abuses which laid much of the blame for the problems on her.
“We strongly disagree with the report and its attempt to lay blame with Ms. Tolstedt. A full and fair examination of the facts will produce a different conclusion,” Enu Mainigi, Williams & Connolly LLP, attorneys for Tolstedt, said in a statement.
(Editing by Carmel Crimmins; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
TOKYO Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Wednesday that he will continue with the central bank's quantitative easing and yield curve control policy to meet its 2 percent inflation target.
Kuroda also said he did not think the BOJ's asset purchases or expansion of the monetary base are causing any problems for the economy or markets.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chris Gallagher)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
End
-- Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Properties Group is hosting a Mega Open House weekend on Saturday, April 29 and Sunday, April 30. During the event, there will be hundreds of available homes in a wide range of styles and price ranges to visit throughout neighborhoods in Hillsborough, Pinellas, Pasco, Hernando, Polk and Highlands counties."Our Mega Open House is an ideal chance for buyers to view many of the beautiful homes that are currently for sale, all in the same weekend. With interest rates remaining favorable and a healthy inventory available, we are recommending to buyers that they take advantage of great opportunities in the market," said Allen Crumbley, Broker/Owner of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Properties Group. "We also encourage sellers to contact us if they want their home listed in time to be included in our Mega Open House. This is an ideal way to showcase your home to many buyers at once."Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Properties Group has 22 offices throughout the Tampa Bay area. The company will be hosting a series of Mega Open House weekends throughout the year to feature its many available homes. In addition to April 29-30, future dates include: May 20-21, June 24-25, July 29-30, Aug. 26-27, Sept. 30-Oct. 1 and Oct. 28-29.To see a list of open houses or to get information about participating in the Mega Open House weekend, visit a local Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Florida Properties Group office, call (888) 778-8258 or visit www.bhhsfloridaproperties.com
Feb 2 (Reuters) - ‍NZX REGULATION:
* PLACED A TRADING HALT ON CBL CORP LTD ORDINARY SHARES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK (AP) — In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
"It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person," said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. "It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge."
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Advertisement
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
Rogan said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqué or manifesto. He said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
"This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future," Rogan said.
Robert Taylor, a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas, said eventually there will be a break in the case, but how long it will take remains to be seen.
"Something will come up somewhere. It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator, or someone will just blab in a bar," he said.
For now, though, the police chief's plea suggests they haven't reached that point.
"It's a sign there's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person," Taylor said.
Every tiny piece of the bombs' remnants, though, holds the potential to unlock the mystery.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases, including the Unabomber, and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University, said because bombs require so many components, they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind.
"They're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber," she said of investigators.
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something — a hair, a skin fragment, a part of a fingerprint — that might lead to the perpetrator. Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires, tape, the skill and neatness in which they were constructed, and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is.
"Even the way they bend or roll the wire," said Michael Bussell, a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University.
The Unabomber case, which launched with its first blast in 1978, provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions.
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco, the big break in the case didn't come for 17 years, when he sent a 35,000-word manifesto. Even then, Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after his brother came forward to help authorities.
O'Toole said it's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence, but that bombers share some characteristics. They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target. They enjoy the risk of it — not just the danger of building a bomb, but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught. And because the bombings have continued, they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again.
"If this bomber is being motivated, in part, by the sense of power and control that he has holding the city of Austin in a state of fear, and depending on how addictive that feeling is," she said, "that can be a strong contributor to his doing it again and not waiting a long period of time."
___
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky@ap.org or https://twitter.com/sedensky
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani speaks during a joint news conference following a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
LONDON Iranians should not thank Hassan Rouhani's policy of detente with the West for any reduction in the threat of war, supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Sunday, stepping up his criticisms of the president as elections approach.
In comments that appeared to favour hardline candidates in the May 19 vote, Khamenei played down the benefits of Rouhani's landmark agreement to curb Iran's nuclear activities in return for a lifting of international sanctions.
"Some say since they took office the shadow of war has been faded away. This is not correct," Khamenei was quoted as saying by state media.
"It's been people's presence in the political scene that has removed the shadow of war from the country."
Khamenei and his hardline supporters have also criticised the nuclear deal -- which stifled talk by Washington of possible military action against Iran -- for failing to deliver promised economic benefits.
But speaking at the opening of a refinery that Iran says will make it self-sufficient in oil products, Rouhani defended his position.
"The nuclear deal was a national achievement. We should make use of its advantages. But some have started a fight over it," Rouhani said. He cited the new refinery, in the Gulf port city of Bandar Abbas, as a result of the deal and "interaction with the world".
One of Rouhani's main challengers, Ebrahim Raisi, an influential cleric with decades of experience in the hardline judiciary, said Iran had no need of foreign help to improve the economy and could always defend itself.
"We should not warn our people of wars and crises. We have full security in the country," Raisi said in a recorded address on state television.
"This approach, that we should wait for foreign investment and for foreigners to resolve our issues, is wrong.
"This is wrong, to wait years and years for foreign investors to come ... We should resolve issues by relying on domestic capabilities," Raisi said in comments that echoed those previously made by Khamenei, Iran's highest authority.
Rouhani has said Iran needs foreign capital to modernize its oil and gas, transportation and telecommunication sectors after decades of international isolation.
However, foreign investors are still cautious about trading with or investing in Iran, fearing penalties from remaining unilateral U.S. sanctions and President Donald Trump's tough rhetoric on the Islamic Republic.
This has caused long delays in contracts that Iran seeks with international firms to develop its oil and gas fields.
(Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal health officials are cracking down on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday it has issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a nationwide operation against illegal sales of Juul to children.
FDA regulators also are asking manufacturer Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design, marketing and ingredients of its devices. The rare request particularly focuses on whether certain product features are directly appealing to young people.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that turns liquid — usually containing nicotine — into an inhalable vapor. Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discreet way to vape at school and in public.
Advertisement
Health advocates have worried about the popularity of vaping products among kids and the potential impact on adult smoking rates in the future. A recent government-commissioned report found "substantial evidence" that young people who use e-cigarettes are more likely to try cigarettes.
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said the agency plans additional actions in coming weeks.
"This isn't the only product that we're looking at, and this isn't the only action we're going to be taking to target youth access to tobacco products, and e-cigarettes, in particular," Gottlieb said in an interview.
Juul sales have exploded over the past two years and the brand now accounts for 55 percent of the U.S. market for e-cigarettes, according to industry figures. That's up from just 5 percent of the market in 2016.
The San Francisco-based company said in a statement it agrees with the FDA that underage of its products is "unacceptable."
"We already have in place programs to identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will have more aggressive plans to announce in the coming days," the statement read.
Juul Labs says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law. Its age verification system searches public records and sometimes requires customers to upload a photo ID.
E-cigarettes have grown into a $4 billion industry in the U.S. despite little research on their long-term effects, including whether they are helpful in helping smokers quit cigarettes.
That's the sales pitch made by Juul and many other e-cigarette manufacturers: "Juul delivers nicotine satisfaction akin to a cigarette in a format that's as simple and easy to use," states the company's website. A Juul "starter kit" can be ordered online for $49.99. The company's website is intended to only sell to customers ages 21 and up.
The FDA gained authority to regulate e-cigarettes in 2016, but anti-smoking advocates have criticized the agency for not policing the space more aggressively to stop companies from appealing to underage users, particularly with flavors like mango, cool cucumber and creme brulee.
"These are very positive steps and demonstrate that FDA recognizes the problem of youth use is very serious," said Matthew Myers, of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. "But they don't address the biggest issue that the FDA is not enforcing its own rules."
Myers' group contends that Juul and several other e-cigarette companies have recently launched new flavors and varieties without seeking FDA authorization. That step is mandatory under the FDA regulations put in place summer of 2016.
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
We create a function that shows the parts of speech and dependencies.
See the explanations of the abbreviations and a list of dependencies. Note that in this file the dependencies start with the block that begins "acomp" and finishes with "xcomp."
Also, dependencies are described in the Stanford typed dependencies manual.
def show_dep(text): tokens = parser(text) for token in tokens: print(" {:<8} : {:<5} : {:<7} : {}".format(token.orth_,token.pos_,token.dep_,token.head)) print(" {:<8} : {:<5} : {:<7} : {}".format("token","POS","dep.","head")) print("------------------------------------") show_dep("I drove home with joy.")
Address: 44 Oak Way, Clondalkin, Dublin 22
Agent: Ray Cooke Auctioneers
This 102sq m (1,100sq ft) semi-detached house has been thoughtfully renovated, with a well-designed interior and an attic conversion. Accommodation includes a livingroom and kitchen/diningroom, with double doors to the garden. Upstairs are four bedrooms and a bathroom. In the attic is an en-suite bedroom. There are gardens back and front. Shops are within walking distance and the nearest Luas stop is Red Cow.
Plus: Beautifully presented and tastefully decorated.
Minus: More plants in the front garden would soften the look
Five-bed house in Ballyhack is in-between the Suir Estuary and a castle
Address: Ballyhack Lower, Arthurstown, Duncannon, Co Wexford
Agent: Sherry FitzGerald Radford
With the Suir Estuary at the end of the street and a castle a few doors down, this 221sq m (2,380sq ft) house is majestically located in the fishing village of Ballyhack. Inside, on the ground floor, are two livingrooms with bay windows and fireplaces, a kitchen/diningroom with doors to a patio, three bedrooms (one with an en-suite) and a bathroom. Upstairs are two bedrooms with en-suites. One of them has a Jacuzzi and opens to a balcony with views of the castle and water. There is a garage. BER: D2
Plus: Location, location: a castle is on the same street and the estuary is at the end of it.
Minus: Two lobbies, a boiler room and two stores on the ground floor could be reconfigured.
Publicis Groupe SA, the world's third-largest advertising company, is staking a claim to be the best placed to triumph over structural market changes that are stoking investor concerns about the industry.
“We believe that we are the only ones who have the right assets to succeed,” Publicis Chief Executive Officer Arthur Sadoun said in an interview ahead of an investor day Tuesday in London. “We have a positioning that we think is the right one: be the market leader in marketing and business transformation.”
The industry is facing headwinds such as cuts in marketing spending by major advertisers like Unilever Plc and the rise of consultants like Accenture Plc and Deloitte LLP taking digital work. Investor concerns about the trends were fueled earlier this month when WPP Plc, the world's largest advertising company, lowered its long-term outlook for sales and profits, triggering sell-offs for peers including Publicis, Omnicom Group Inc. and the Interpublic Group of Cos.
Paris-based Publicis, home to agencies such as Leo Burnett and Saatchi & Saatchi, is in a good position to respond to the threat of Accenture and help customers transform their businesses digitally because it has been investing in its own consultant offering, Sapient, Sadoun said.
“The question is: who has been transforming fast enough to still be relevant today?” he said. “While some are losing revenue because of the difficulties of some clients or some transformation, we are actually increasing this.”
Revising its sales and margin goals for the first time since 2013, Publicis said it would aim to achieve an organic revenue growth rate of 4 percent by 2020 and would embark on a 450 million euro ($555 million) cost-cutting plan to boost its profit margins. That compares with the company's 2017 rate of 0.8 percent for organic growth, which strips out effects from acquisitions and currency swings.
Publicis will invest 300 million euros through 2020, focusing on improving talent and some bolt-on acquisitions, the company said.
The investor day Tuesday will seek to “regain the trust in the name of the industry,” Sadoun said. “It's about showing the world there is a way for a group like Publicis to be an indispensable partner.”
Publicis gained 2.9 percent as of 9:05 a.m. in Paris. The shares had lost 5.9 percent over the last year before today.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a signing ceremony with Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin at the Treasury Department in Washington, U.S., April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump warned Democrats on Sunday that Obamacare was in trouble and would die without government funding, apparently referring to the possibility of ending federal subsidies to help lower-income people buy health insurance.
"Obamacare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought," Trump said in a Twitter post. Republicans want to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act but have not agreed on a replacement.
(Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shenzhen Stock Exchange
* Says China Transinfo Technology Co Ltd TO HALT SHARE TRADE FROM FEB 2 PENDING REGULATORY REVIEW OF ASSET ACQUISITION PROPOSAL Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DUU4oT Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transits the Pacific Ocean January 30, 2017. U.S. Navy Photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Tom Tonthat/Handout via Reuters
TOKYO Japan's navy plans joint drills with the U.S. Navy's Carl Vinson carrier strike group as it steams towards the Korean peninsula in a display of military power aimed at deterring the North Korean regime from further missile tests, two sources said.
The Japanese Maritime Self Defence Force (MSDF) may conduct helicopter landings on each other's ships, as well as communication drills, as the USS Carl Vinson and its escort ships pass through waters close to Japanese territory, the sources said.
"Japan wants to dispatch several destroyers as the Carl Vinson enters the East China Sea," said one of the sources.
One the people who spoke to Reuters has direct knowledge of the plan, while the other has been briefed on the exercises.
MSDF officials did not respond immediately when asked to comment.
The display of U.S.-Japan naval power close to China could upset Beijing, which is locked in a territorial dispute with Tokyo in the region over uninhabited islets close to Taiwan.
The show of naval force by Tokyo comes as concern grows in Japan over the rapid pace of North Korea's ballistic missile development and U.S. President Donald Trump's threat of unilateral action to solve the North Korean problem.
North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression.
Trump, who has urged China to do more to rein in its impoverished ally and neighbour, said on Twitter that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without Beijing's help.
South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, has warned of "greater provocations" by North Korea and ordered the military to intensify monitoring and ensure close communication with Washington.
Tension has escalated sharply on the Korean peninsula amid concerns that reclusive North Korea may soon conduct a sixth nuclear test.
North Korea fired a liquid-fuelled Scud missile this month, the latest in a series of tests that have displayed the Pyongyang regime's ability to launch attacks and use hard-to-detect solid-fuel rockets and tracked launch vehicles.
North Korean officials, including leader Kim Jong-un, have indicated an intercontinental ballistic missile test or something similar could be coming, possibly as soon as Saturday, the 105th birthday of North Korea's founding president.
North Korea remains technically at war with the United States and its ally South Korea after the 1950-1953 Korean conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. It regularly threatens to destroy both countries.
The Carl Vinson strike group, which cancelled a planned visit to Australia, is sailing from Singapore. The 100,000 ton Nimitz-class vessel is powered by two nuclear reactors and carriers almost 100 aircraft.
Under Third Fleet command, it has been patrolling Asia for several months as the Seventh Fleet's forward-deployed carrier in Yokosuka, Japan, undergoes scheduled maintenance.
Japan's navy, the second largest in Asia after China, is made up mostly of escort destroyers, but includes four large helicopter carriers.
(Reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo; writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Michael Perry)
HONG KONG A Chinese court has ordered Samsung Electronics's (005930.KS) mainland subsidiaries to pay 80 million yuan ($11.60 million) to Huawei Technologies [HWT.UL] for patent infringement, the China firm's first victory against Samsung on its legal challenges over intellectual property.
Three units of Samsung have been ordered by the Quanzhou Intermediary Court to pay the sum for infringing a patent held by Huawei Device Co Limited, the handset unit of Huawei, the Quanzhou Evening News, a government-run newspaper, said on its website on Thursday.
The verdict is the first on several lawsuits of Huawei against the South Korean technology giant. Huawei filed lawsuits against Samsung in May in courts in China and the United States - the first by it against Samsung - claiming infringements of smartphone patents. Samsung subsequently countersued Huawei in China for IP infringement.
A spokesman for Huawei said it welcomed the court's decision. Samsung said it will decide on the response to the court's decision after reviewing the ruling.
Huawei sued in Quanzhou court Samsung China Investment Co Limited, as well as a unit in Huizhou, a unit in Tianjin and two Chinese electronics companies for making and selling more than 20 kinds of Samsung smartphone and tablet products that it said infringed the patent.
It sought compensation for the more than 30 million products that sold for $12.7 billion, including the Galaxy S7, according to the media report.
The court ordered the five firms to stop infringing Huawei's copyrights and ordered the three Samsung units to pay the damage.
(Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Additional reporting by Se Young Lee in SEOUL; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
FILE PHOTO: A laser cutter produces sparks as it cuts a sheet of steel into components at a factory near Stafford, central England December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Phil Noble
LONDON, April 3 - British manufacturing lost some of its momentum last month, as export orders grew more slowly and demand for consumer goods faltered against a backdrop of rising inflation pressures, a survey showed on Monday.
Sterling's tumble following June's vote to leave the European Union helped manufacturers enjoy their fastest annual growth in three years during the final quarter of 2016. This capped a year when Britain's economy grew 1.8 percent, the second-fastest rate among the world's main advanced economies.
But financial data company Markit said its purchasing managers' index (PMI) for the sector suggested manufacturing growth slowed in the first three months of this year.
March's manufacturing PMI slipped to 54.2 from a downwardly revised 54.5 in February, undershooting economists' average forecast of 54.6 in a Reuters poll.
The index is well above its long-run average of 51.6, but IHS Markit economist Rob Dobson said the fall - the third in a row since the series hit an 18-month high in December - was likely to herald a further moderation in growth.
"High costs and weak wage growth are sapping the strength of consumers, with rates of expansion in output and new orders for these (consumer) products slowing further," he said.
A separate survey overnight from accountants Deloitte showed that optimism among chief financial officers of major UK-based businesses was its highest since mid-2015, although their appetite for risk was only half the level of before the referendum appeared on the horizon.
Fast-rising inflation has led to British households' incomes stagnating in real terms, and data on Friday showed households were saving the smallest share of their income since records began more than 50 years ago.
By contrast, Markit said manufacturers that produced investment goods such as machinery and intermediate products that go into other goods were still seeing substantial growth.
But overall output growth fell to its lowest since July, when the PMI briefly showed a sharp contraction in output in the immediate aftermath of the Brexit vote.
Markit said domestic demand was the main source of new orders, while growth in export orders fell back.
Raw material costs rose at the slowest rate in six months, though input cost inflation remained far above levels seen before the referendum. Factories showed little hesitation in raising the prices they charged customers, which increased at the second-fastest rate since 2011.
Official data last month showed factory gate inflation rose by 3.7 percent in the year to February, the biggest rise since December 2011.
Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a licence.
To subscribe to the full data, click on the link below: www.markit.com/Contact-Us
((Reporting by David Milliken; editing by John Stonestreet))
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
The return of "bodyguard" Gavin Cooper has boosted Johnathan Thurston's confidence as he braces for his recovering shoulder to be targeted in Wednesday night's State of Origin II in Sydney.
Queensland Maroons half Johnathan Thurston looking to pass against NSW Blues. Source: Photosport
Thurston said he had pulled up without a problem from his return from a five- week shoulder injury - North Queensland's 32-6 NRL demolition of Parramatta.
"I am glad I got through the game unscathed," Thurston said.
"The shoulder certainly got tested out so I am very happy."
Despite getting through the win over the Eels Thurston knows NSW will have their own methods for testing out his shoulder in the heat of Origin.
"That is part and parcel of the game," Thurston said.
"Whether I have a good shoulder or a bad shoulder they are still going to target me - it is nothing new."
But Cooper's presence at the Queensland camp has calmed Thurston's nerves.
Cooper - who made his Queensland debut in game three last year - was recalled after the Maroons wielded the axe following the record 28-4 game one loss, making seven changes and naming four debutants.
Cooper protects Cowboys teammate Thurston in the defensive line in the NRL.
And veteran half Thurston was confident he could take the step up and play the role in Origin.
"We've obviously got a very good understanding of each other's game especially defensively and that's what wins these types of games," Thurston said of Cooper.
"You need to be mentally tough in these games and he is certainly that.
"And defensively we could be better (than game one) so it is good to have him there."
The shoulder injury forced Thurston to pull out of game one, snapping his record run of 36 straight Origins.
Thurston said it was tough to watch Origin I from the sidelines but did not want to wonder what might have been if he played.
"It's not about that. It's about looking at areas we need to improve," he said.
"We had a look and we know where we need to be better and we need to be a whole lot better than we were in game one."
Thurston said he didn't feel extra pressure upon his return along with fullback Billy Slater to spark Queensland following their shattering Origin I loss.
"That's the expectation from the outside, that it will be up to me and Billy," he said, "but as a team we know what we need to do.
Police volunteers who gave up a combined 1,168 hours of their own time met with "a real outpouring of gratitude and love" from the North Yorkshire public, an officer has said.
Eighty-six Special Constables covered the National Special Constabulary Weekend and three major events in York, Knaresborough and Skipton last week.
Special Chief Officer Sharron Moverley-Holmes, whose day job is as a Special Constabulary Coordinator for North Yorkshire Police, said: “Once again we see our brilliant special constabulary give their all in support of their local communities, going beyond what is asked of them and providing massive support to their regular colleagues.
"This year we saw a real outpouring of gratitude and love from members of the public who were very pleased to see us, providing a great opportunity for engagement which added to the fantastic atmosphere of the events. Our numbers are depleted after a lot of our specials were snapped up during a recent, regular recruitment campaign, so the pressure was really on our remaining officers and they did not disappoint. My thanks go to them all for their unstinting support, it is very much valued and appreciated.”
On June 1, specials took to the streets of York to support regular colleagues on high-visibility and antisocial behaviour patrols as well as supporting response officers with ongoing incidents into the early hours. Officers supported the national summer drink and drug driving campaign. Meanwhile, student special constables were put through their paces with officer safety training at police HQ.
On Monday a team of specials from York joined regular offices and police staff at ‘York Cares' Big Community Challenge, helping to transform a local community centre to allow residents to garden, grow food and socialise together. The day was organised by North Yorkshire Police's citizens in policing team as a way of giving something back to the communities who volunteer for us.
Poignantly, the 25th anniversary of the murder of Special Constable Glenn Goodman fell on June 7 - the final day of National Volunteers Week.
Special Chief Officer Sharron Moverley-Holmes was joined by Mr Goodman's parents Brian and Margaret, area commander Superintendent Adam Thomson, and special constables other to rememberhim at his police memorial in Tadcaster. Glenn was killed in 1992 by Paul Magee, who was jailed for life but later released from prison under the Good Friday Agreement.
On Thursday, special constables deployed alongside regular colleagues at polling stations during the General Election.
The following weekend, special constables supported three major events across the county – York Pride, the Great Knaresborough Bed Race and Skipton Gala.
The Great Knaresborough Bed Race is an annual event that is policed entirely by special constables. Without their support, the event would not have anywhere near the same level of policing. From the operational order to the deployments on the streets, the special constabulary do it all. The visible police presence throughout the event ensures that disorder is kept to a minimum and any hint of antisocial behaviour can be responded to immediately before it escalates.
Special Constables, or "specials" as they are known, have the same powers and uniform as regular police officers and are required to volunteer at least 16 hours per month to policing duties.
North Yorkshire Police will be recruiting special constables from July 3. For more information, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/specials
Member for Hinkler Keith Pitt could be in line for promotion.
MEMBER for Hinkler Keith Pitt could be the big winner if Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce is ousted from parliament.
Yesterday New Zealand authorities revealed Mr Joyce is a Kiwi citizen.
Under section 44 of the Constitution, that makes him ineligible to hold office in Australia.
The rule has already seen Greens senators Scott Ludlam and Larissa Waters resign and Resources Minister Matthew Canavan quit cabinet.
Yesterday's revelation puts pressure on the Nationals leader to step aside, at least while the matter is examined by the High Court.
Hinkler MP Keith Pitt would not comment to the NewsMail yesterday but if Mr Joyce was to step aside he could be catapulted in to a cabinet role.
Currently Mr Pitt is the Assistant Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment, before the last election he was the Assistant Minister assisting the Deputy Prime Minister.
Mr Pitt has taken on more responsibility and should be in line for a promotion.
Last month he led a delegation to the 9th Australia Solomon Islands Business Forum and launched the Federal Government's Strongim Bisnis initiative, part of Australia's $50 million Solomon Islands Growth Program. He also hosted the PNG Trade Minister Richard Maru in Australia.
Leader of the House Christopher Pyne, who referred Mr Joyce to the High Court, yesterday told Parliament: "It is time for the High Court to be given the opportunity to make a determination about what section 44(1) of the Constitution means in the modern era.”
April 3 Syneron Medical Ltd:
* Syneron Candela announces agreement to be acquired by funds advised by Apax Partners for $11.00/share in cash, representing an approximate value of $397 million
* Syneron Medical Ltd - transaction valued at approximately $397 million
* Syneron Medical Ltd - Shimon Eckhouse, who owns 7.4 pct of company, has entered into a customary voting agreement
* Syneron Medical Ltd - Eckhouse has agreed to vote all of his shares in favor of transaction Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
May 3 Insmed Inc:
* Insmed reports first quarter 2017 financial results and provides business update
* Q1 loss per share $0.60
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.61 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Insmed inc- continues to expect its cash-based operating expenses to be in range of $67 million to $77 million for first half of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A logo of Toshiba Corp is seen outside an electronics retail store in Tokyo, Japan, January 19, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Western Digital Corp (WDC.O) has warned Toshiba Corp (6502.T) that the Japanese firm is violating a joint venture contract in plans to sell to its chip unit and urged that it be given exclusive negotiating rights.
In a strongly worded letter dated April 9, Western Digital, which operates a semiconductor plant with Toshiba in Japan, said the transfer of the venture's rights to a new chip unit which was split off recently without the U.S. firm's consent was a "very serious breach".
The letter, seen by Reuters, also said the U.S. firm would not sit idly by while Toshiba "runs roughshod" over its rights, although it did not threaten legal action.
The move, seen as a play by the California-based company to strengthen its hand in talks, is set to complicate the auction of the prized unit - a sale essential to Toshiba's plans to cover writedowns at U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse that have plunged it into crisis.
"The only thing holding Toshiba up at the moment is the sale of the memory chip business. This definitely increases the uncertainty around everything that is happening," said an executive at one of Toshiba's main banks.
Sources at Toshiba's banks said they had been told by the Japanese conglomerate that there were no legal problems with its decision to split off the chip business.
The auction has drawn strong interest, and Toshiba has narrowed down the field to just four suitors to move on to a second round of bidding, people briefed on matter said.
U.S. chipmaker Broadcom Ltd (AVGO.O) has put in the highest first-round offer of 2.5 trillion yen (18.41 billion pounds) while Taiwan's Foxconn (2317.TW), the world's largest electronics contract manufacturer, offered 2 trillion yen, one of the people said.
Western Digital' s bid was far below both those offers, the person added.
Broadcom has partnered with U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP, the sources added. The size of the offer made by South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix (000660.KS), the fourth suitor, was not immediately known.
The sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak on the matter publicly.
Toshiba declined to comment on the content of the contract with Western Digital and the auction process. Representatives for Broadcom, Silver Lake, Western Digital, Foxconn could not be reached immediately for comment outside of regular business hours.
ATTACK ON BROADCOM
In the letter sent by CEO Stephen Milligan and addressed to Toshiba's board of directors, Western Digital said rumoured bids of between 2 trillion yen to 3 trillion yen were well above the fair value of the business and cited analysts' estimates of around 1.5 trillion yen.
It added that it had invested more than $13 billion in their joint venture over the last 17 years and had repeatedly tried to address its concerns with Toshiba but had not received "constructive engagement."
It said it was urging Toshiba "to cease acting as if Western Digital were simply a disfavoured bidder in an open auction and instead enter into substantive, exclusive negotiations."
Western Digital also said that other rumoured bidders are highly problematic for both Japan and the joint venture and specifically named Broadcom, saying that it had grave concerns based on recent commercial dealings with the firm.
The U.S. chipmakers are seen as more favoured bidders as the Japanese government has vowed to vet bidders and block a sale to investors it deems a risk to national security.
In particular Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd, is considered such a risk because of its deep ties with China, sources have previously said.
The news of the letter comes one day after Toshiba filed twice-delayed business results without an endorsement from its auditor and warned its very survival was in doubt.
Toshiba has said it expects to book an annual net loss of 1 trillion yen ($9 billion) for this business year on a writedowns at Westinghouse.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Taro Fuse; Additional reporting by Tim Kelly in Tokyo and Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Premier investment firm achieves dual leadership in Dubai's two financial markets
End
-- January 2, 2017Menacorp has been ranked the number one securities brokerage firm in Dubai for the full year 2016 in terms of trade value and market share, according to official data published by the Dubai Financial Market (DFM) and the Nasdaq Dubai. The investment firm topped 49 competing companies to take the highest position on the DFM and posted an impressive 60.51 % market share for equity futures trading on Nasdaq Dubai, becoming the undisputed leader on this newly launched market.Menacorp has maintained its leading position on the DFM in continuation since 2013. The company is at the helm of the UAE's main exchange for the fourth consecutive year. By also being the leading player on Nasdaq Dubai equity future market, Menacorp has established itself as the main securities brokerage firm in Dubai and as a major actor of the Middle East and North Africa financial (MENA) sector.Commenting on the firm's ranking, Fathi Ben Grira, Chief Executive Officer, Menacorp, said: "It is a great honour for all our team to be recognized, this year again, as the leading securities brokerage in Dubai. We are thankful for the loyalty of our clients who have maintained their trust to our firm throughout the years. This achievement would have not been possible without the full dedication of all our employees led by our Managing Director of Brokerage, Nabil Al Rantisi. Each member of our team went the extra mile to deliver the best available service and products to our clients during a period characterized by very challenging market conditions.""On a final note, I would like to highlight the constant support of our shareholders represented by H.E. Faraj Ali Bin Hamoodah in his capacity of Chairman of the Bin Hamoodah Group. The guidance of our Board of Directors represented by its Chairman Mr. Hamad Ghanem Bin Hamoodah was also crucial to ensure that Menacorp remains at the top of the United Arab Emirates financial services industry," concluded Ben Grira.
Updates to ENLS training reflect most up-to-date, best practice for treating patients with acute neurological disorders.
NCS Logo
Contact
Becca Stickney, Director of Education
***@neurocriticalcare.org Becca Stickney, Director of Education
End
-- The Neurocritical Care Society (NCS) recently announced the launch of Version 3.0 of its Emergency Neurological Life Support (ENLS) training.ENLS is a comprehensive educational program created by the Neurocritical Care Society to help healthcare professionals manage patients during the critical first hours of a patient's neurological emergency. ENLS demonstrates a collaborative, multi-disciplinary approach and provides a consistent set of protocols, practical checklists, decision points, and suggested communication to use during critical patient management of various emergency neurological conditions. This multi-disciplinary course is appropriate for all caregivers involved in the management of neurological emergencies including first responders, ED physicians and nurses, the ICU clinical team, trainees, pharmacists, and others.The latest version includes morewcj and specific information in, the incorporation of nursing care aspects essential for patients with acute neurological emergencies as well asfrom NCS and other societies involved in emergency and critical care of these patients."Rapid and appropriate response to neurologic and neurosurgical emergencies provides patients the best opportunity for recovery," said Chad Miller, MD, FNCS, Co-chair of NCS' ENLS Committee. "ENLS allows the health care professional to improve the quality and efficiency of care response, and emphasizes the importance of standardized communication between collaborators. ENLS is a tremendous resource for all members of the medical team, from first responders to specialists.""ENLS is a fantastic tool to teach a systematic, best practice approach to the early hours of care for patients with acute brain and spinal cord dysfunction,"said Kristine O'Phelan, MD. Co-chair of NCS' ENLS Committee. "The content is applicable across a number of clinical settings and multidisciplinary teams."Originally created as a tutorial to teach what a skilled neurointensivist would advise to a treating physician or nurse when confronting a neurological emergency, more than 6,000 medical professionals worldwide are now certified in ENLS. More about ENLS can be found at http://www.neurocriticalcare.org/ ENLS ###The Neurocritical Care Society (NCS) is an international, multidisciplinary medical society with more than 2,000 members worldwide. The mission of the Neurocritical Care Society is to improve outcomes for patients with life-threatening neurological illnesses. For more information about the Neurocritical Care Society, visit http://www.neurocriticalcare.org
April 6 Pakistan test captain Misbah-ul-Haq will quit international cricket after the three-test series in West Indies starting later this month, the 42-year-old announced on Thursday.
Misbah has played 72 test matches so far and is Pakistan's most successful test captain who led the team to the top rankings for the first time in 2016. (Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Manitowoc Company Inc-
* Manitowoc Company-was awarded fixed-price with economic price adjustment contract spe8ec-17-d-0008 from dla with maximum estimated value of $121.9 million​
* Manitowoc Company Inc - ‍contract for procurement of commercial type cranes​
* Manitowoc Company Inc - ‍contract does not require dla to order cranes from manitowoc​
* Manitowoc Company Inc - ‍contract award is not to be confused with us army type II heavy crane award announced on june 18, 2015​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A monster truck performs during Monster Jam show which was organized by General Entertainment Authority, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A motorcyclist performs during Monster Jam show which was organized by General Entertainment Authority, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo
RIYADH Saudi Arabia will one day open cinemas and build a world-class opera house, the man spearheading the kingdom's entertainment reforms said on Thursday, playing down opposition by powerful religious authorities to changes they see as sinful.
The kingdom had some cinemas in the 1970s but the clerical establishment persuaded the authorities to close them, reflecting rising Islamist influence throughout the Arab region at the time.
Cinemas are still banned. And while concerts have started to be held this year, they remain frowned on by clerics.
But the government has promised a shake-up of the cultural scene with a set of "Vision 2030" reforms announced by Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz last year, aimed at creating jobs and opening up Saudis' cloistered lifestyles.
The changes are also intended to capture up to a quarter of the $20 billion currently spent overseas by Saudis, who are accustomed to travelling abroad to see shows and visit amusement parks in nearby tourist hub Dubai or further afield.
In a Reuters interview, Ahmed al-Khatib, chairman of the General Entertainment Authority (GEA), said conservatives who criticized the reforms were gradually learning that most Saudis, a majority of whom are under 30, wanted these changes.
His goal was to create entertainment that "will be like 99 percent of what is going on in London and New York," although he noted that after decades of cultural conservatism such change could not be rapid.
"I believe we are winning the argument," he said. A few Saudis were liberal, a few conservatives, but "the majority are moderate."
"They travel, they go to cinemas, they go to concerts. I am counting on the middle segment, which is about 80 pct of the population," he said. Conservatives, he added, could simply opt to stay at home if they did not care for the events.
Khatib said in a subsequent statement that the authorities would provide other entertainment options for conservatives and that all participants in the events would be required to adhere to Islamic principles.
MASSIVE DEMAND
Saudi Arabia's top religious authority, Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al al-Sheikh, has called cinemas and concerts corrupting. Round-the-clock entertainment could open the door to "atheistic or rotten" foreign films and encourage the mixing of the sexes, he said in January.
In large part, the kingdom's entertainment plans are motivated by economics. With oil prices low, authorities have embarked on an ambitious reform programme to diversify the economy and create whole new sectors to employ young Saudis.
The government has commissioned the Boston Consulting Group to identify venues like parks and theatres for the kingdom to develop through a mix of government funding and private sector investment.
Khateeb said the GEA's activities have created 20,000 jobs so far after only seven months, and can surpass targets set out last year in the Vision 2030. He predicts the share of Saudi spending on entertainment will triple to 8 or 9 percent by 2030.
The kingdom's most ambitious leisure project to date is a giant entertainment city being planned for outside the capital Riyadh, which would aim to draw regional visitors with resorts, golf courses, car racing tracks and a Six Flags theme park.
"Our start is very encouraging. Every event is sold out," he said, noting that 10,000 more people than could be accommodated showed up for Comic-Con, a comic book convention held in Jeddah in February.
"The demand is massive. And it is normal – the demographic is young in Saudi Arabia and we have a higher disposable income than other countries."
CINEMAS
But Comic-Con also spurred the most public challenge to the entertainment agenda thus far, drawing rebuke from thousands of conservatives - including the imams of prominent mosques - after video emerged of men and women dancing at the event.
In response, the GEA expressed regret for an unspecified "violation" by the Comic Con organiser of one of the terms of its license for the event, and Khatib noted in his follow-up statement on Friday that these were individual cases.
Such conservatism was not always the way in Saudi Arabia, said Khatib in the interview, but would take time to change after it had been nurtured over the course of several decades.
Cinemas, a particular flashpoint, were not on the agenda in the short term, but would come Saudi Arabia eventually, he said. "We will get there. We'll get there. I know how. I don't know when."
(Additional reporting by Andrew Torchia and Marwa Rashad; editing by Philippa Fletcher)
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Results and fixtures for the Eredivisie on Friday (start times are CET) Vitesse (2) 2 Groningen (0) 0 Saturday, February 3 fixtures (CET/GMT) Heerenveen v Twente (1830/1730) PSV v PEC Zwolle (1945/1845) Heracles v ADO Den Haag (2045/1945) Sunday, February 4 fixtures (CET/GMT) Excelsior v Utrecht (1230/1130) AZ v Roda JC (1430/1330) Sparta Rotterdam v Willem II (1430/1330) VVV v Feyenoord (1430/1330) Ajax v NAC Breda (1645/1545) Tuesday, February 6 fixtures (CET/GMT) PEC Zwolle v Heerenveen (2045/1945) Wednesday, February 7 fixtures (CET/GMT) Twente v AZ (1830/1730) Utrecht v Sparta Rotterdam (1830/1730) PSV v Excelsior (1830/1730) Willem II v VVV (2045/1945) NAC Breda v Heracles (2045/1945) Roda JC v Ajax (2045/1945)
West Virginia forward Sagaba Konate 50) reacts after scoring during the second half of a second-round NCAA college basketball tournament game against Marshall, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in San Diego. West Virginia defeated Marshall 94-71.
March 30 Ao World Plc
* Full year trading for FY 2017 is expected to be in line with our range of expectations
* Group revenue expected to be c.£700m, up c.17% year-on-year
* Existing adjusted EBITDA guidance range is tightened to £-2.4 to £0m
* Group cash as at 31 March 2017 is expected to be at least £27m
* Board broadly expects patterns of trading seen in second half of FY 2017 to continue into year ahead
* Board continues to be cautious given uncertain UK economic outlook, currency impacts on supplier pricing and possible effect on consumer demand
* In our Europe business, we are on track to achieve a positive adjusted EBITDA run-rate and revenue run-rate of c.eur 250m by FY 2021
* We expect limited further capex to realise plans in existing territories
* Has today separately announced a placing of up to 9.99% of its share capital Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (London Newsroom)
Bob Fisher
MASON CITY — The Director of Finance for the Mason City Community School District has reacted to his being placed on paid administrative leave earlier this month. John Berg has been the school district's Director of Finance since July 2015 and had previously worked as an accountant for the school district.
Superintendent Michael Penca says Berg was placed on paid administrative leave on June 2nd effective through the remainder of his contract, which expires on June 30th. Penca says the district is not able to comment on matters related to personnel issues.
Berg released a written statement on Tuesday, saying he would not be discussing the reasoning provided, but he did state his disappointment with the decision. He says while he disagrees with the board's action, he acknowledges that they have the right to decide who they wish to hold the Director of Finance position. Berg also says that he would likely not be issued a contract for future employment following a closed-session board meeting on June 1st. Berg says he has appreciated and valued the support he has received after the board's decision was made public.
Berg's being placed on paid administrative leave comes almost a year after a re-audit by the State Auditor of the school district's finances was requested by board member Jodi Draper. A spokesman for the State Auditor's Office tells KGLO News that their goal is to release that report by mid-July.
Fed presses ahead with details on gradual bond-trimming plan
NEW YORK, June 14 The Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5 trillion in bond holdings, outlining on Wednesday a very gradual plan for trimming securities that came in at the low end of Wall Street estimates.
Crawley Town head coach Dermot Drummy praised his side for clinching a 2-0 win against Yeovil to complete a busy three matches in eight days.
The three points was sweet revenge for a humiliating 5-0 defeat in Somerset against the same side just four weeks ago.
Josh Yorwerth opened the scoring after 29 minutes when he headed in a corner by Dean Cox.
James Collins scored his 100th goal of his career to make it 2-0 from the penalty spot ten minutes later after Enzio Boldewijn was brought down by Otis Khan.
Drummy reckoned the team played well over the festive season, without getting what they deserved in defeats at Leyton Orient (3-2) and Plymouth (2-0).
Drummy said: “If you took away the first half at the Orient, we played really well over the period and not got our just rewards, we deserved a point at Plymouth.
“Today against a really tough side - they are fighting for points: very physical, very direct.
“First 15 minutes we were under pressure and then we got to play our football.
“We played enough to get the goal with Josh - another great header and then Collins with the penalty.
“Collins' penalty was maybe fortuitous, but after Plymouth, anything was deserved.”
Drummy praised his midfielders for their contribution to the team's performance.
“With Josh (Payne) and Jimmy (Smith) they are very important. If they play in that balance get on the ball we go forward.
“They picked up the second ball in the 20th minute and we started to play and Billy (Clifford) got in the game, Dean (Cox) got his touch and started moving - he gets in great positions.”
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage at www.crawleyobserver.co.uk
2) Like our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/crawleyobserver
3) Follow us on Twitter @Crawley_Obby
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
The Crawley Observer - always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
TREASURIES-Yields rise slightly as traders doubt hawkish Fed outlook
* Fed raises interest rates for second time this year * Fed forecasts one more rate rise in 2017 * Yields lower on day as traders see weak inflation hindering Fed (Updates prices, adds comments) By Sam Forgione NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. Treasury yields pared declines but remained lower on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates, announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, and forecast one more rate hike i
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
SAN FRANCISCO Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI.O) said it has agreed to buy online food publication Spoon University, a startup it hopes will give its flagship cable channel, the Food Network, a foothold with younger audiences.
Media companies and cable network owners such as Scripps have been searching for some time for ways to reach and hold onto younger audiences who spend most of their time online and do not watch traditional television.
Comcast Corp CMCSCA.O, for example, has invested hundreds of millions in media startups such as Buzzfeed and Vox Media, while Univision bought Gawker and The Onion last year.
Spoon University is being valued at roughly $10 million in the deal, according to a source familiar with the matter, who asked not to be named because terms of the deal were not publicly disclosed.
Scripps said in a statement that the acquisition will help its goal of generating more revenue on emerging digital platforms. Spoon University will be kept as a separate division and report to Vikki Neil who runs the Scripps Lifestyle Studio, a unit focused on digital content for advertisers.
Spoon University was founded in 2013 as a print publication at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois by two students, Mackenzie Barth and Sarah Adler looking to learn how to cook. The founders raised a few thousand dollars on crowd-funding website Kickstarter to pay for the first issue.
The now online only publication has spread to hundreds of colleges campus and features recipes, restaurant reviews and articles catered toward college students, such as "11 unusual ways to use your microwave."
The New York-based company has since branched out into selling meal kits with Chef'D, a Blue Apron competitor, and creating branded content for advertisers.
Spoon University had already been working with Scripps to provide content for Food Network's Snapchat channel.
Kathleen Finch, Scripps' chief content, programming & brand officer, said Spoon University "captures the grassroots passion for food and community that is so important to millennials."
Spoon University had previously raised more than $2 million in funding from investors such as SoftTech VC and Lerer Hippeau Ventures.
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Stephen Coates)
WASHINGTON A group of U.S. lawmakers said on Monday they had requested more information from President Donald Trump's administration about the potential sale of precision-guided munitions to Saudi Arabia, expressing concern about civilian casualties in Riyadh's campaign in Yemen that delayed the deal last year.
Thirty mostly Democratic lawmakers signed the letter to U.S. Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, and Secretary of Defence, James Mattis, citing expectations that the administration plans to go ahead with the sale.
"As you know, the previous administration made the decision in December 2016 to halt a planned sale of precision-guided munitions (PGM) to Saudi Arabia due to concerns over widespread civilian casualties and significant deficiencies in RSAF's (the Saudi Air Force's) targeting capabilities," the letter, dated Friday but released on Monday, said.
"According to recent reports, however, the State Department has now reversed course and removed the suspension on these PGM sales," they said in the letter, led by Representative Ted Lieu, a Democratic member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
The State and Defence Departments do not comment on planned arms sales before formal notification is sent to Congress.
In December, then-President Barack Obama's administration decided to halt the sale of the systems, manufactured by Raytheon Co, that convert bombs into precision-guided munitions because of concerns about the extent of civilian casualties during Saudi Arabia's campaign in Yemen.
Congressional aides told Reuters the Trump administration was on the verge of sending a formal notification to Congress about the sale, which would trigger the formal 30-day review to allow members of Congress to attempt to pass legislation to stop any sale.
Trump has said he wants to clear the way for U.S. arms sales abroad, to bolster efforts by U.S. partners to fight militant groups and help create U.S. jobs.
His administration recently told Congress it also planned to pursue sales to Bahrain and Nigeria that had been delayed under Obama by human rights concerns.
Congressional aides said they expected an effort to pass legislation to stop the PGM sale. However, such legislation has never succeeded. A measure seeking to block the sale of tanks to Riyadh failed in September.
"It is in our national security interest – as well as that of our Saudi partners - to ensure that the RSAF has the ability to avoid civilian casualties before the U.S. sells them any additional air-to-ground munitions," the letter said.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle, editing by G Crosse)
April 10 Jana Partners LLC:
* Jana Partners LLC reports 8.3 percent stake in Whole Foods Market Inc as of March 29 - SEC filing
* Acquired Whole Foods Market shares because the shares are undervalued and represent an attractive investment opportunity
* Intends to have discussions with Whole Foods Market Inc's board of directors and management
* Also prepared, to nominate individuals for election to Whole Foods' board and to participate in solicitation of proxies
* Jana with help of other shareholders intends to have discussions with Whole Foods Market's board regarding changing Whole Food's board
* Intends to discuss with Whole Food's board topics such as initiating a review of strategic alternatives
* Intends to have talks with Whole Foods board regarding "optimizing" real estate and capital allocation strategies for Whole Foods
* Intends to have talks with Whole Foods regarding Whole Foods' real estate, capital allocation strategies including "365" small store format Source text (bit.ly/2okbH8b) Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 28Cachet Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 20 percent to 40 percent, or to be 139.2 million yuan to 162.4 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 116.0 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is steady improvement of main business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/LOzxPu
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A huge power outage has been reported in Christchurch this afternoon, with much of the city affected.
A map from power provider Orion showing the areas affected by a power cut in Christchurch as of 2.15pm on February 15. Source: Supplied
Orion reports that power has been cut to almost the whole city, with 17976 customers affected, and the cut began at 2.15pm.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRETORIA, March 31 South Africa's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said on Friday an intelligence report President Jacob Zuma used as justification to fire him was "absolute nonsense".
Gordhan also said during a televised press conference in Pretoria on Friday that he had been "sickened" by allegations that he had secret meetings to undermine the government during an investor roadshow abroad. (Reporting by TJ Strydom; Writing by Ed Stoddard; Editing by Joe Brock)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Centre Ben Te‘o will play his first England test for almost a year after overcoming injury to be included in the team named by Eddie Jones to face Italy in Rome in their opening Six Nations match on Sunday.
After featuring for the British and Irish Lions in New Zealand last summer, the hard-running Te‘o played only a handful of games for his club Worcester before suffering a bad ankle injury in October that required the insertion of a plate.
After extensive rehabilitation he has clearly done enough in the England camp to impress Jones, and will partner Owen Farrell on Sunday, winning his ninth England cap but making only his second start.
In the absence of injured duo Billy Vunipola and Nathan Hughes, Sam Simmonds wins a fourth cap at number eight, with Chris Robshaw and Courtney Lawes either side of him in the back row.
Mike Brown retains the fullback jersey, with Anthony Watson and Jonny May on the wings.
Uncapped prop Alec Hepburn was named among the replacements, as was wing Jack Nowell, who has recovered quicker than expected from an ankle injury, and usual first-choice centre Jonathan Joseph.
England have won all 23 of their previous meetings with Italy, averaging 40 points a game, though they had something of a scare at Twickenham last year when they struggled to deal with the Italians' surprise “no ruck” tactics before coming from behind at halftime to emerge 36-15 winners.
England, who have lost only one of their 23 games under Eddie Jones, are seeking to become the first team to win the Five/Six Nations championship outright three years in a row.
Team: 15 Mike Brown (Harlequins 64 caps) 14 Anthony Watson (Bath Rugby 28 caps) 13 Ben Te‘o (Worcester Warriors 8 caps) 12 Owen Farrell (Saracens 53 caps) 11 Jonny May (Leicester Tigers 29 caps) 10 George Ford (Leicester Tigers 40 caps) 9 Ben Youngs (Leicester Tigers 73 caps) 1 Mako Vunipola (Saracens 44 caps) 2 Dylan Hartley (Northampton Saints 89 caps) 3 Dan Cole (Leicester Tigers 77 caps) 4 Joe Launchbury (Wasps 47 caps) 5 Maro Itoje (Saracens 14 caps) 6 Courtney Lawes (Northampton Saints 61 caps) 7 Chris Robshaw (Harlequins 59 caps) 8 Sam Simmonds (Exeter Chiefs 3 caps)
Replacements 16 Jamie George (Saracens 20 caps) 17 Alec Hepburn (Exeter Chiefs uncapped) 18 Harry Williams (Exeter Chiefs 5 caps) 19 George Kruis (Saracens 21 caps) 20 Sam Underhill (Bath Rugby 3 caps) 21 Danny Care (Harlequins 76 caps) 22 Jonathan Joseph (Bath Rugby 35 caps) 23 Jack Nowell (Exeter Chiefs 23 caps) (Reporting by Mitch Phillips; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
March 28 Funds managed and advised by J.C. Flowers & Co. LLC have sold 24,300,000 shares representing approximately 10 percent of share capital in Onesavings Bank
* Shares were sold at 395 pence per share, equating to gross proceeds of approximately 96 million pounds ($120 million)for JCF Funds
* Citi, Credit Suisse acting as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners in transaction and N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd acting as financial adviser to J.C. Flowers & Co. Llc Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.7974 pounds) (Reporting by Dasha Afanasieva)
Shiva Ayyadurai, who is running for U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren's seat, is suing the city of Cambridge, Mass., for ordering him to remove signs that call Warren a "fake Indian." Warren has been criticized for saying she has Cherokee ancestry. Shiva Ayyadurai/Twitter Screenshot
KABANDA CHULU, Lusaka
ZAMBIA is among few African countries which will benefit from the US$1 billion United States' Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) Connect Africa Initiative to support transportation and communications value chains over the next three years.Speaking ahead of his first official travel to the continent, OPIC chief executive officer Ray Washburne said Africa is home to many of the world's fastest-growing economies and presents both a great need for investment and opportunity for American businesses.
“But too many barriers remain to the flow of goods and services. By focusing on connectivity, we are not only helping build means for economic development but also laying the foundation for future trade partners,” he said in a statement yesterday.http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
A top U.S. financial regulator said on Friday that it closed the banking unit of First NBC Bank Holding Co (FNBC.O), three days after the lender reported accounting issues dating back to at least 2015.
The New Orleans-based lender has faced series of problems, including regulatory scrutiny on its financial condition, activist investors urging for management changes, a possible sale and accounting issues.
First NBC was closed by the Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as the receiver. (bit.ly/2oRorAi)
The regulator said Gulfport, Mississippi-based Whitney Bank would assume all of First NBC's transactional deposits and branches. Whitney Bank will reopen 24 branches of First NBC in Louisiana and five branches as Hancock Bank in Florida.
"No depositor is losing money as a result of this transaction," the FDIC said in a statement.
Whitney Bank also agreed to buy about $1 billion of First NBC's assets. The FDIC will retain the remaining assets for later disposition.
First NBC did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
First NBC, in February, had appointed Carl Chaney as CEO. Chaney was formerly with Whitney Bank's parent Hancock Holding Co (HBHC.O). First NBC sold nine Louisiana branches and about $1.3 billion in loans to Whitney Bank in January.
First NBC Bank had about $4.74 billion in assets and $3.54 billion in deposits, as of Dec. 31.
Shares of the lender, which closed at $2.65, were trading at 20 cents in after-market hours on Friday.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
* Hawkish Fed comments prop up Treasury yields
* Dollar rises to near one-month highs vs peers
* Risk indicators edge higher as outlook turns wary
* Oil consolidates gains; gold strong
By Saikat Chatterjee
HONG KONG, April 10 Asian stocks slipped on Monday as increased geopolitical risks prompted investors to favour safe-haven bets such as government debt while the dollar drew support from Federal Reserve policy tightening expectations.
European markets were set to follow in Asia's footsteps with index futures pointing to a broadly flat start.
The cautious backdrop - fed by increasing geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean Peninsula - contrasted with rising optimism about the outlook for global growth, with Chinese data this week expected to show the economy performing well.
Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea.
"The geopolitical risks will continue to hold markets back this week though there may be some opportunities for individual stock or sector plays," said Alex Wong, a fund manager at Ample Capital Ltd. in Hong Kong, with about $130 million in assets.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell for a third consecutive session, heading back towards a three-week low tested on Friday.
A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday, as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons program.
Korean stocks led regional losers with the main index falling to its lowest levels since mid-March as foreigners sold stocks for a sixth consecutive session.
Hong Kong bucked the regional weakness, due to strength in property stocks and financial counters. Australian shares were also stronger, up 0.6 percent at a near two-year high as higher oil and metal prices propped up commodity plays.
"The risks of a conflict have certainly grown and that should keep the dollar supported against most Asian currencies with hawkish comments from the U.S. central bank also helping," said Gao Qi, an FX strategist at Scotiabank in Singapore.
Economic data also offered little support with major U.S. indexes closing lower in choppy trade after a key jobs report on Friday showed the economy added 98,000 jobs in March, the fewest since last May and well below economists' expectation of 180,000.
RISKS RISING
Risk indicators have edged higher with the CBOE Volatility Index trading at near 13 compared to around 11 at the beginning of March, prompting some analysts to warn of a pull back in global equities.
Latest flows data showed investors yanked money out of both developed and emerging market equity funds in the week ending April 5, according to Thomson Reuters Lipper data.
The dollar index, a trade-weighted basket of the greenback against its major rivals rose to near a one-month high of 101.30.
Only the yen, a favoured haven in times of stress, offered some resistance against the greenback at 111.44 yen, after touching 110.11 on Friday, its lowest since March 27.
"Geopolitical risk can be a potentially positive factor for the yen, with risk aversion and flight to safety," said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief currency strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
Support for the dollar also came from rising U.S. yields after comments from a U.S. policymaker boosted expectations for Federal Reserve interest rate increases this year.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries were at 2.38 percent on Monday after briefly breaking below a significant chart barrier at 2.30 percent on Friday for the first time this year.
Spot gold was last at $1,252.70 per ounce. It has rallied nearly 5 percent over the past month.
Oil prices held firm at $52.36 per barrel, on risks that the Syria conflict may spread more widely within the oil-rich Middle East region.. (Additional reporting by TOKYO markets team; Editing by Richard Pullin and Sam Holmes)
South Korea's ousted leader Park Geun-hye looks out from a vehicle as she leaves her private house in Seoul, South Korea March 30, 2017.Lim Heon-jeong/Yonhap via REUTERS
SEOUL Dressed in the green jumpsuit of undertrials, ousted South Korean president Park Geun-hye's days at the Seoul Detention Centre will start at 6:30 a.m. and end at 9 p.m.
The only privilege the 65-year-old could have over other inmates will be slightly more space and a toilet and shower in an adjoining room, rather than within her cell, former correctional and prosecution officials said.
An official at the detention centre said she was assigned a single cell but declined to provide further details.
At the beginning of this month, Park was residing at the sprawling presidential Blue House. She shifted to her private home in an upscale Seoul neighbourhood after the Constitutional Court upheld her impeachment for conspiring with longtime friend Choi Soon-sil to raise millions of dollars for foundations from the country's conglomerates.
Park and Choi both deny wrongdoing.
Park was driven to the detention centre on the outskirts of Seoul just before dawn on Friday after a district court approved prosecutors' request for an arrest warrant. Ashen-faced and flanked by two female officers in the back seat of a black sedan, Park's hair was down, apparently because she had removed the hairpins that held her hair in her trademark chignon style.
At the centre, she went through an ID check and a simple health examination, and correctional officers took a mugshot, as they do with other inmates.
Park will be held in detention for up to 20 days while she is investigated and possibly indicted on charges that could imprison her for at least 10 years.
As a former president she will likely be assigned a cell that will be larger than the 6.56 square meter (71 square foot) solitary units occupied by others accused of wrongdoing in the same scandal, including the head of the Samsung conglomerate, Jay Y. Lee.
"I think Park would stay in a better facility," said Kim Kyung-soo, a retired prosecutor who interrogated two former military presidents, Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo, after their arrests in 1995 for treason and bribery.
"And she will use a bigger cell than those of others."
Apart from the cell, Park will be subject to the same rules on everything from meals to room inspections, the former prosecutors and prison officials said.
That includes rising at about 6:30 a.m. and going to bed at around 9 p.m, and being allowed to watch television during the day but only a single channel with pre-recorded programmes authorised by the Justice Ministry.
Visitors are limited to one a day but detained inmates are allowed unlimited meeting time with their lawyers.
RICE, BEAN SPROUTS
The Korea Correctional Service, which operates the country's prisons and detention centres, lists a rotating set of meals that provide 2,500 calories a day.
On Friday, Park will be served a simple lunch of rice with bean sprouts, kimchi, cabbage stew and seaweed that costs 1,443 won ($1.30), the prison's food table showed.
One of the privileges Park will have to give up if arrested will be getting her hair coiffed in the chignon style.
Inmates have access to hairdressers inside but services are limited to cutting hair. Cosmetics at the detention centre commissary are limited to the basics, like toner and lotion. Hair dye is also unavailable.
Park will not be allowed to keep hairpins, lawyers who know about South Korea's correctional system said.
Her prison mates are her friend Choi and Samsung scion Lee, who is accused of giving bribes to Park for corporate favours, as well as top presidential aides involved in the scandal.
Lee Soon-gil, 77, a retired justice ministry official who was chief at the Seoul Detention Centre when Roh was held there, said the former president was given a bigger cell and a separate shower room and a toilet, whereas other inmates had wash stands and toilets inside their cells.
Lee said officers redesigned an old cell, furnishing a desk and a bed for the former president, but the cells were inspected every day like others.
"She will be treated equally like anyone else," he said of Park.
Samsung's Lee has no shower, only a wash-stand, in his cell and a mattress on the floor to sleep on.
Kim, the retired prosecutor, said Park would have some benefits as a former president but no advantages.
"She is 65 and a woman, so in that regard she will be taken care of, but in the meantime she will be going through thorough investigations while being in there despite her age and status as a former president," he said.
($1 = 1,112.3700 won)
(Editing by Jack Kim and Raju Gopalakrishnan)
