A MELBOURNE-BASED comedian who tweeted that Anzac Day is "Bogan Halloween" and a celebration of Australia's "fetishism of war and violence" has been slammed for her comments.
But like most pile-ons on social media, many took things way, way too far.
Catherine Deveny tweeted on Tuesday that "serve" is not the right word for our armed servicemen and women.
"Why do people in the armed forces use the word 'serve' to describe their work despite it being no more dangerous or prone to upheaval than many other jobs?" she wrote.
"It's just a job and work. Throw the term 'serve' in the bin. It's part of the fetishism of war and violence."
Later, she wrote that it was a "hilarious notion" that our Diggers fought for our right to free speech and that "Australians who have worked in the violence industry have fought wars to suck up to the US and British".
On Tuesday, a former soldier wrote to Deveny: "Catherine, I served my country, as a soldier, for 26 years. How many did you serve? Zero."
The comedian responded: "You didn't serve your country, you chose a job in the violence industry."
ANZAC Day. It's Bogan Halloween. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 24, 2018
One of the thing that ANZAC day brings up is the hilarious notion that Australians have fought for our right to free speech. Australians do not have the right to free speech. Australians who have worked in the violence industry have fought wars to suck up to the US and British. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 24, 2018
Why do people in the armed forces use the word 'serve' to describe their work despite it being no more dangerous or prone to upheaval than many other jobs? It's just a job and work. Throw the term 'serve' in the bin. It's part of the fetishisation of war and violence. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 23, 2018
On Facebook she declared that she can't wait for Anzac Day to be over.
"I abhor Anzac Day and can't wait til it's over. I am so delighted to hear the chorus increasing every year saying 'Anzac Day is bullshit. It's a Trojan horse for ­racism, sexism, toxic masculinity, violence, homophobia and discrimination'.
"ANZAC Day is f***ing disgusting and should have gone in the bin decades ago. As it gets closer my head feels tighter and tighter and I feel more and more nauseous. I blame the collective cognitive dissonance seeping in."
She finished with a third tweet late on Tuesday night: "ANZAC Day. It's Bogan Halloween."
Deveny has been here before. She is an outspoken critic of Anzac Day and previously wrote that she expects the "yearly hate explosion over my Anzac Day opinions".
"My views, that Anzac Day does not reflect the inclusiveness of all those affected by war, nor our more sophisticated understanding of the true machinations and motivations behind war are neither rare, radical nor new."
In recent years, she wrote: "Anzac Day. A celebration of a society so f***ed up it saw no other option than to go to war. Kill, rape and invade. Then glorify it."
The response is almost always the same. Some support her, many are disappointed.
"It must be that time of the year again," Guy McRedmond wrote on Twitter.
"When you try to convince yourself that you are somehow relevant by tweeting more uneducated rubbish about ANZAC Day and serving members of the ADF. It's easy to post crap to get a reaction. Certainly a lot easier than serving one's country."
Another wrote that Deveny has "the right to free speech but this is vulgar. Would you say that to the face of an elderly soldier?"
Journalist Tom Steinfort tweeted simply: "Catherine Deveny. Yawn. Don't give her the attention she craves."
3AW host Tom Elliot said he was "upset" by Deveny's comments.
"Bloody hell, she is an absolute nutcase," he said. "This idea that fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan where you could be killed at any time is riduclous. What on earth would Catherine Deveny, a left-wing, alleged, not very funny comedian know about such a thing?"
The Australian Defence Association told The Australian Deveny was being "deliberately provocative".
"(She) ignores that serving in our Defence Force means accepting the obligation to 'work' in an unlimited liability occupation," the Association said. "That's why it's serving, not just working ... "Moreover, Australia has a Defence Force, not 'armed forces'."
But others responded with threats of rape and violence and ruined any chance for sensible debate.
Catherine Deveny is no stranger to backlash over her Anzac Day tweets. Picture: Scott McNaughton
After a series of tweets in the lead up to Anzac Day this year, Deveny wrote that Anzac "trolls" are "ignorant and uneducated and prove my point better than I ever could ... Show Some Respect = Shut The F*** Up Or I'll Threaten To Rape You".
She's not the first Australian with a profile to speak out against Anzac Day. Former SBS presenter Scott McIntyre was sacked in 2015 after referring to Australians marking Anzac Day as "poorly-read, largely white, nationalist drinkers and gamblers".
The Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull responded on Twitter, saying it is "difficult to think of more offensive or inappropriate comments" and that the "despicable remarks deserve to be condemned".
That didn't stop him from posting a bunch more tweets on the subject in 2016.
Heroism on command, senseless violence, all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism. pic.twitter.com/AMdt0lq9gA — Scott McIntyre (@mcintinhos) April 25, 2016
Yassmin Abdel-Magied sparked a major backlast last year when she tweeted, "Lest We Forget (Manus, Nauru, Syria, Palestine)."
Last week, she doubled down on those comments, saying "you don't even need to mention the diggers (to get a response). You just need to ask for people to extend their empathy to others".
News.com.au has reached out to Deveny for comment.
rohan.smith1@news.com.au | @ro_smith
Kids in Carbondale can get free rides on public transportation this week.
The Jackson County Mass Transit District say all children 16 and under can ride for free between March 13-17 as part of Spring Break.
Children under 12 must be accompanied by a paying adult over the age of 17.
So far, we've seen the Audi E-Tron concept multiple times in pixelated camouflage , but the interior of the running prototypes has remained a secret. But now Audi has released several photos of the electric SUV's interior.One of the stand-out features of the cabin is the addition of seven-inch OLED screens near where the side mirrors would normally lie: the mirrors themselves have been deleted in favor of rear-view cameras. Without conventional mirrors, and with the help of active aero and air suspension that can lower the vehicle at speed, the E-Tron's drag coefficient has been reduced to just 0.28. The screens give three different views, for highways, street corners and parking. Audi says the E-Tron will be the first mass-produced car with a setup like this.The cabin's detailing looks production-ready, with similar large screens on the dashboard and in the instrument cluster as in the freshly released Q8 flagship SUV . The E-Tron's audio equipment is courtesy of Bang & Olufsen, and the Danish hi-fi manufacturer's system consists of 16 speakers and a 705-watt amplifier. All of this should be production ready, since Audi had initially planned to launch the car in Brussels on August 30, but that was delayed following the arrest of Audi's CEO. Now the full reveal will come a little later in the U.S.Regarding the powertrain, there will be a dual-motor setup combined with a 95-kWh lithium-ion battery, which is good for 150-kW, 30-minute fast charging. The full power output of the E-Tron's electric motors has not yet been disclosed, but the range has been said to be 248 miles on the WLTP test loop, though that could be lower in U.S. testing
Iranian Minister of Petroleum Bijan Zangeneh says over 6 billion dollars worth of oil contracts will be signed with local E&P, EPC and drilling companies next calendar year, beginning on March 21.
Addressing a ceremony for signing Sepehr-Jofeir fields' development contract, the official said the Iranian Ministry of Petroleum has arranged for assigning major projects to local EPC and EPD companies which will be financed by NIOC through banks, SHANA reported.
He said under the newly developed model of oil contracts (IPC), local firms are required to join foreign partners in petroleum projects.
There are over 100 underdeveloped oil and gas fields in Iran that need to be developed; therefore, there are works for all E&P companies provided that they enjoy the required technical savvy, capacity, project management skills and capital for financing the projects, the official said.
"A section of the finances in projects will be procured by tapping the National Development Fund but the developers must supply their share of the finances," the official said.
Zanganeh said, "It is important for Iranian companies to be strong as we are open to all Iranian exploration and production companies, whether in partnership with foreign companies or independently; as long as they can finance the projects, there is work for them to be assigned to."
Referring to last week's signature of a contract between Zarubezhneft, Dana Energy and NIOC for developing Iran's Aban and West-Paydar fields, the Iranian Minister of Petroleum commented on the share of each party in the project.
It was said in the media that the Russian company bags 80% of the project's total revenues which is not an exact estimation, he said, adding, "Based on the sealed contract, only 5% of the project's revenues over the 20-year period will be taken by the developers of which the Russian company takes 80%."
Regarding Sepeh-Jofeir project, the developer can take 3% of the fields' total revenues, he added.
Charter Township of Orion
Board of Trustees
Synopsis, Regular Meeting, Monday, July 2, 2018
Meeting called to order at 7:00 p.m.
Invocation: Deacon Chris Stark, Guest House. All rose for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Held a Public Hearing for Central Drive Road Improvement Special Assessment District #2 Special Assessment Roll.
Approved the payment of bills in the amount of $809,711.14, payrolls in the amount of $137,668.96; for a total disbursement of funds of $947,356.31.
Approved agenda as amended. Approved consent agenda, as presented.
Approved the Minutes of the Regular Meeting, Monday, June 18, 2018.
Approved the Minutes of the Public Hearing: Tommy's Lake Water Quality SAD #2, Monday, June 18, 2018.
Approved the Minutes, Special Meeting: Trustee Interviews, Friday, June 15, 2018.
Approved the request to purchase replacement election laptops, at a cost not to exceed $6,349.56.
Approved the METRO Act Permit extension for AT&T for another 5-year term and directed the Supervisor to sign the agreement.
Adopted a temporary street closure resolution to allow for the closure of Parkland Road in the Round Tree Subdivision in order to hold a neighborhood block party on July 21, 2018.
Set public hearing regarding Tommy's Lake Water Quality Control SAD #5 special assessment roll for 7:00 p.m. on August 6, 2018.
Authorized hiring Todd Carrothers as Custodian/Groundskeeper, level 3 Technical Unit union position, at a starting rate of $15.26 per hour plus benefits, full time, effective July 3, 2018.
Authorized hiring Patrick Ross as a Park Maintenance Worker, level 5 Technical Unit union position, at a starting rate of $17.81 per hour plus benefits, full time, effective July 9, 2018.
Awarded bid for Wildwood Amphitheater parking lot paving to Birmingham Sealcoating Inc., at a cost of $59,950.28.
Adopted the Central Drive Road Improvement SAD #2 Resolution to Authorize Spreading Roll, as presented.
Approved the ground lease between the Township and Easterseals Michigan for a proposed adaptive baseball field to be located at Friendship Park and authorized the Supervisor and Clerk to execute the agreement.
Held First Reading of the amendment to Ord. 68: Water and Sewer Regulations and directed the Clerk to publish for second reading possible adoption on July 16, 2018.
Received and filed the Police/Fire reports, as presented.
Received and filed the Parks and Recreation Report, as presented.
Meeting adjourned at 8:45 p.m.
Penny S. Shults, Clerk
Chris Barnett, Supervisor
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Florida has suspended troubled receiver Antonio Callaway and six other players for the team's season opener against Michigan.
Defensive end Keivonnis Davis, defensive lineman Richerd Desir-Jones, linebacker James Houston, linebacker Ventrell Miller, defensive lineman Jordan Smith and offensive tackle Kadeem Telfort also won't play Sept. 2 against the Wolverines in Arlington, Texas.
The players were suspended for misusing school-issued funds, according to a person familiar with the situation. The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity Sunday because Florida did not release details of the suspensions.
"We have a small group of players that have made some choices that are extremely disappointing," coach Jim McElwain said in a statement. "Action has been taken: They have missed some practice and will miss the Michigan game. We will use this as a learning opportunity and we will have some players step up as we move forward."
Being without Callaway could be big since he's the team's top offensive playmaker. In two seasons, the junior from Miami has 89 catches for 1,399 yards and 11 touchdowns.
But his talent has been overshadowed by his troubles.
Callaway pleaded no contest to misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia in May and was suspended for the spring semester in 2016 amid sexual battery allegations. He admitted in court documents that he smoked marijuana, though he was eventually cleared of the battery allegation by a Title IX investigation.
Callaway was internally disciplined following the marijuana citation this spring.
Davis was expected to be a key contributor in Florida's defensive line rotation. He had 27 tackles, 1½ sacks and a forced fumble in 2016.
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of his internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:08 Public expresses views on proposed Rental Housing Improvement Act in Fresno
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:06 She watched her husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has offered his congratulations over the Turkish people's ‘Yes' vote in a referendum on changes to the country's constitution.
Zarif extended his congratulations to Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu in a phone call on Monday.
The top Iranian diplomat expressed hope that the development would further reinforce stability and peace in Turkey.
Turkey held a referendum on Sunday on a package of constitutional changes. Later in the day, Erdoğan, who had campaigned heavily for a “Yes” vote, declared victory.
The president said that 51.5 percent of the voters - 25 million people - had supported the reforms.
The reforms will change Turkey's parliamentary system into a presidential one, the office of the prime minister will be abolished, the president will appoint the cabinet and an undefined number of vice presidents, and will be able to select and remove senior civil servants without parliamentary approval.
The changes would also potentially keep Erdoğan in power until 2029. He has already been there since 2003.
Brendon Hartley
"I'm looking forward to going to another new circuit. I don't know how many different circuits I've driven in my career but I'm always excited to drive a new one. I think it's very unique, being a street track, some really interesting corners with no room for error, which is always something I enjoy - probably most of the other drivers do too so we're all in the same boat. From driving it on the simulator, the bit by the castle almost reminds me of Macau, which is one of my favourite tracks. I think I'm going to enjoy it and I'm really looking forward to the fourth race of the season. Apart from all the sim work, plus looking at videos of past races, I'll be doing as much study as I can, so that I'd like to think that within ten laps, you're pretty much up to speed. A lot of the work we do on the sim is actually for the engineers to develop the set-up and a small part of it is for the driver, but when you're going to a new track then a bigger percentage of the work done is for the driver as well so it serves two purposes. Obviously there's always those last few tenths still to come from a track that's new to you, where knowing every bump in the road, changing conditions, wind direction, all have to be experienced at the actual circuit. But when you've driven hundreds of circuits in your life, you try and piece them together and look at one corner and compare that to somewhere else that you've been. Obviously experience counts for a lot when you're learning a new track. You certainly expect that the sim is modelled as close to the real thing as possible but it's always hard to know - is that kerb exactly the same? Does it get the same amount of grip? Are there other factors? Are there marbles? Therefore, it's also useful to look at video of past races to see what lines the drivers take and you can also learn from that...and I can't wait to have our track walk on Thursday!"
Pierre Gasly
"Baku is a really exciting track because, first of all, it's a street track so the risk is doubled or higher due to the walls everywhere, but I also think just the characteristics of the track with that long straight make it interesting. It's super-fast! I think last year the top speed in Formula 1 was really crazy, so as a driver it's super exciting but it's also super risky. I'm excited to go there. I remember watching the race last year as a reserve driver and it was one of the most exciting Formula 1 races of the season so I'm happy to be part of it this year and hopefully, it's going to turn out well for us. The narrow bit near the castle? I think it's the tightest corner of the championship. In a way, it's a corner where you can make a lot of time but you can lose everything as well because it's a low speed corner. In the low speed corners, a few kilometres minimum speed can make quite a lot of time. Every time you go there it's interesting, because you are a few centimetres every lap from the barrier so in terms of focus it's really intense...it's not a track where you can go a bit wider on the outside kerb and then maybe you just touch a bit of grass and you have some dust coming out of the tyres. No, if you are just a few centimetres too wide then you go straight in the wall and that's it! It's exciting over the middle part, which is really technical, where it's not possible to overtake and then when it comes to the straight, that's when you start to have overtaking opportunities. The straight feels very fast because the walls feel close and it definitely feels even faster when you come to brake for Turn 1! I finished second in the end of my GP2 race here, so it was a good race fighting for the victory until the last lap. I started 18th and finished 2nd... it was a crazy race but certainly one to remember!"
Since the inception of the green revolution, synthetic inputs in agricultural farming have increased in volume in order to obtain a high yield crop. The intensive use of chemical fertilizers has undoubtedly enhanced the crop yield but also degraded the health of the soil, water quality, and food. At this point, biological fertilizers exhibit excellent potential to replace chemical fertilizers. Living micro-organisms are present in biological organic fertilizers which aids the growth of plants by colonizing their rizhosphere.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22232
Biological organic fertilizers add nutrients to the plants using natural processes such as nitrogen fixation and stimulate their development by producing natural growth promoting substances. The microorganisms present restore their nutrient cycle and also enhances the health of the soil. The scientific term for this micro-organism is the “plant growth promoting rizhobacteria (PGPR)”. Biological organic fertilizers are different from organic fertilizers. Organic fertilizers consist of animal and plants wastes whereas biological fertilizers consists of living micro-organisms. Biological organic fertilizers fix atmospheric nitrogen in the soil and roots of the crops and solubilize the insoluble nutrients.
When directly applied to the soil or seed, they increase the yield by 10%–25%. Most soils are deficient in phosphorus, which is an essential macronutrient apart from microorganisms such as rhizobium, azobacter, azospirillium, and blue green algae. The rizhobium microorganism is known for its ability to fix atmospheric nitrogen in plants forming nodules in its roots. Azobacter is a non-symbiotic microorganism beneficial for a wide array of crops covering millets, sugarcane, and vegetables. It also secretes useful fungicides and enzymes in small amounts. Azospirillium is a nitrogen fixation microorganism primarily beneficial for non-leguminous crops.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biological-organic-fertilizers-market.html
The global market for biological organic fertilizers can be segmented on the basis of type into nitrogen fixing, phosphate mobilizing, and organic matter decomposers. The market can also divide based on the crop it is being applied on, such as wheat, maize, millets, sugarcane, and paddy crops. Demand for high yield crops coupled with increasing environmental regulations regarding environment-friendly fertilizers drive this market. Biological organic fertilizers are expected to replace chemical fertilizers as unlike the latter, they do not cause soil degradation.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A research study titled, “Thrombectomy Devices Market by product and end user – global industry analysis and forecast to 2023”, published by crystal market research.
Market highlights:
The Thrombectomy Devices Market was worth USD 0.76 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 1.27 billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.95% during the forecast period. As indicated by the World Health Organization (WHO), cerebrovascular accident or stroke is the second leading reason for death over the world, and this has been a case for a couple of decades now. Subsequently, constant research and developments have been completed and as of late, they have prompted propelled thrombectomy devices, which are used for the expulsion of clots that are hindering the blood flow. The demand in the worldwide thrombectomy devices is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR amid the gauge time, picking up footing from various different factors, for example, good medical reimbursement policies in the developed nations, developing inclination of minimally invasive methods, extending use of ultrasound in vascular treatment, and procurement of little specific healing centres by tier-1 hospitals.
Click To Request a Sample:
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC06963
The Thrombectomy Devices Market is segmented as follows-
Thrombectomy Devices Market, By Product, Estimates and Forecast, 2014-2023($Million):
Mechanical Devices
Ultrasonic Devices
Aspiration Devices
Hydrodynamic Devices
Thrombectomy Devices Market, By End User, Estimates and Forecast, 2014-2023 ($Million):
Clinics
Hospitals
Ambulatory Surgical Centres
Others
Thrombectomy Devices Market, By Region, Estimates and Forecast, 2014-2023 ($Million):
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Other
Competitive Insights:
The leading players in the market are Boston Scientific, Teleflex, Penumbra, Terumo Corporation, Stryker Corporation, Medtronic and Argon Medical Devices Inc. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis:
Geographically, thrombectomy devices have the highest demand in North America, especially in the made country of the U.S., owing segments, for instance, to creating determination of mechanically impelled thrombectomy items, extended number of hospital trials, powerful medicinal services foundation, and reimbursement approaches. The APEJ thrombectomy devices market is driven by expanding social insurance use in the rising economies, for example, India, China, and Japan, increment in localized manufacturing, strengthening of distribution networks by means of coordinated efforts, rising awareness among specialists with respect to the advantages offered by these devices.
Research Methodology
We use both primary and secondary research for our market surveys, estimates and for developing forecast. Our research process commence by analyzing the problem which enable us to design the scope for our research study. Our research process is uniquely designed with enough flexibility to adjust according to changing nature of products and markets, while retaining core element to ensure reliability and accuracy in research findings. We understand both macro and micro-economic factors to evaluate and forecast different market segments.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC06963
About Crystal Market Research:
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research, business intelligence, and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions. It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe. The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare, chemicals & materials, technology, automotive, and energy.
Contact Us:
Judy S,
304 South Jones Blvd, Suite 1896,
Las Vegas NV 89107,
United States
Toll Free: +1-888-213-4282
Email: sales@crystalmarketresearch.com
It appears that the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) are not prepared to prosecute the Guptas, President Zuma or any minister involved in the leaked emails saga.
According to the prosecutors, the e-mails were stolen and cannot be used in a court as evidence.
The head of the NPA, Shaun Abrahams, suggested that the three teams investigating the Gupta e-mails should be dissolved and replaced by an “investigation directorate.” Abrahams apparently indicated in a meeting that he should prosecute and not investigate.
While prosecutors hide behind the argument that stolen e-mails cannot be used as evidence, some senior ANC members confirmed the content of the e-mails as genuine and correct. This means that there are witnesses available that could be utilized.
Analysts suspect that this is one of the reasons why the motion of no confidence against Zuma failed because there are too many people involved in large-scale fraud in the country.
According to senior prosecutors, it may take up to two years before any action will be taken around the email saga.
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Sometimes us media types like to talk about an athlete having the “game of a lifetime,” or in the case of motocross, “the race of a lifetime.” Yesterday, in Arco de Trentino, Italy, at the base of the Dolomites, we may have seen the race of Antonio Cairoli's life. The eight-time world champion put on a performance for the ages at his home GP, showing the kind of superb race craft that only comes after years of hard work, extraordinary skill and relentless drive—and he didn't even win the moto! But it was enough for the overall—the 79th and arguably most impressive of all.
Cairoli, the most respected and successful rider in Europe since Stefan Everts, won the first moto in MXGP (450) in Italy on his works KTM, beating much younger challengers in Swiss rider Arnaud Tonus and reigning MXGP World Champion and points leader Tim Gajser. Cairoli, who was injured and not really on form for parts the last two years, has ridden all season with a revitalized passion. With younger challengers like Gajser, 2015 MXGP World Champion Romain Febvre, and the much-ballyhooed Jeffrey Herlings, the winningest rider in the MX2 (250) history, all trying to usurp him as Europe's current King of Motocross, Cairoli has dug in and somehow found new motivation. This weekend in Italy, it was on full display for his partisan fans, who could be heard cheering for him all around the rocky and slick Trentino circuit.
Cairoli was fastest in qualifying on Saturday, then won the first moto with a solid performance. It was the second moto that was his masterpiece. After getting squeezed outside for the Fox Holeshot by the Honda-mounted Gajser, Cairoli bobbled on the inside of the second turn and got tangled up with several other riders. He got going again in maybe 20th, and on a tight and choppy track like Trentino it seemed like Cairoli's chances for an overall win all but vanished. Gajser was out in front and Cairoli would have to reach second to earn the overall win.
For half the moto, Cairoli did his best to pick his way through, but the going was tough—especially when he came up behind the Yamaha-mounted Tonus, who was having his best ride since returning to Europe and holding sixth place at that point. Cairoli finally found an opening by jumping to the inside of a plateau jump which was followed by a 90-degree left-handed corner, with a sharp wall as the outside berm. In the simplest sense of terms, Cairoli ran Tonus out of real estate, beating him to the exit of the corner and blocking him using his outside momentum. It was an old trick, used to perfection by the master.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry has been tipped by bookmakers to sign for Birmingham City.
Blues boss Harry Redknapp has made no secret of his desire to sign Terry after his release from Chelsea.
Speaking to TalkSPORT, he said: “I'd love to have him at the football club.
“He's a fantastic captain and great leader.
“We've made him a good offer and we have done the best we can. It's up to John now, but we would love him at Birmingham.
“I had a chat with him and said to him come in - he's doing his coaching badges - have a year or two and who knows what he wants to do in the future?”
SkyBet have now made Terry odds-on to join Blues at 8/13.
Local rivals Aston Villa and West Brom have also been linked with a move for the Stamford Bridge legend.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Villa are currently 9/2 in the race to sign Terry, with Albion and Bournemouth at 6/1.
The ex-England captain is available on a free transfer this summer having ended his 22-year association with Chelsea.
A wind advisory was issued for Santa Barbara County's South Coast on Sunday night, and gusty conditions are expected to persist through Monday evening.
The National Weather Service extended the wind advisory until 3 a.m. Monday and said the area could expect northwest to north winds of 15 to 30 mph with gusts up to 45 mph.
Forecasters said the strongest winds will likely taper off Monday morning, but periods of strong gusts are possible throughout the day and early evening.
Officials said the strongest winds will occur below canyons and passes, and authorities urged motorists to use caution on Highway 101 through Goleta and along the Gaviota coast and on Highway 154 over San Marcos Pass.
Monday's forecast calls for morning clouds and fog with partial clearing in the afternoon and high temperatures in the mid-60s to low 70s.
The weather service said a prolonged heat wave is expected to zap Southern California later this week, and triple-digit temperatures are possible in the backcountry.
» Click here for the complete National Weather Service forecast.
» Click here for the Santa Barbara County Office of Emergency Services. Click here to sign up for the OES' messaging service. Connect with the OES on Facebook.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Mid Ulster Council is to investigate ways of ‘implementing the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions (BDS) Campaign against Israel'.
The move follows the adoption of a motion tabled at the monthly meeting by SDLP councillor Malachy Quinn.
“The SDLP motion was passed tonight despite unionist objections and a late attempt by UK lawyers for Israel to stop the motion going ahead,” said the Coalisland councillor.
“I'm absolutely delighted that the council has passed my motion to implement campaigns as part of the BSD movement. Tonight Mid-Ulster joins Derry City Council and hundreds of councils around the world in standing up for people of Gaza and saying to the Israeli government that we will not ignore the slaughter of innocent men, women and children any longer; that we will use whatever power we have to force them to make peace with the Palestinian people.
“We have tried for three months to get this motion heard on the floor of the council and despite unionist objections and a strange attempt by UK lawyers for Israel to stop this motion it passed by a large majority.”
Ulster Unionist councillor Trevor Wilson had called on Mr Quinn to withdraw the motion. He said the resolution was grandstanding and would have no impact on any Middle East resolution.
By Monica Peters
Lois Fernandez, founder of the annual Odunde Festival, passed away on Sunday.
Reports say confirmation came via Fernandez's family that the 81-year-old passed away in her sleep.
Fernandez, an activist and cultural worker, founded the Odunde Festival in 1975 with a $100 grant. The festival would continue on for four decades to present day as the largest African American street festival in the United States attracting nearly 500,000 people.
“I wanted to bring more African culture to Philadelphia,” said Fernandez in an interview last year.
The festival has origins in the Nigerian New Year celebrated in the Yoruba religion.
The festival features a procession over the South Street Bridge to the Schuykill River, vendors, musical concerts and attendees congregating, reconnecting and having a great time.
In April 2016 Fernandez authored a memoir titled Recollections (part one) with Deborah Kodish detailing her upbringing and life in South Philadelphia during the 1930's.
Fernandez describes her lively community of South Philly noting “we were all poor together.”
Fernandez grew up helping her mother, the first Black committeewoman in South Philadelphia.
Her legacy of activism would extend through generations.
The first year that Lois Fernandez organized Odunde, she had her 1-year-old daughter Oshunbumi “Bumi” Fernandez strapped on her back.
Bumi, would later become the CEO of the Odunde Festival.
Rest in Power Lois Fernandez. Thank you for the blueprint and rich legacy you have bestowed upon Philadelphia.
The Philadelphia Sunday SUN, extends its heartfelt condolences on the death of Lois Fernandez founder of the Odunde Festival. Our prayers are with her daughter Bumi and her family.
The days of software packages are coming to an end. Say hello to what JFrog co-founder and chief architect Fred Simon calls “liquid software.”
“Once the number of applications and libraries and pieces of the software that needed to be managed reached a certain point, we started to see an exponential increase in the amount of software modules, and the frequency of updates and versions, all the way to the end user,” he began.
“What we used to consider as software packages to manage with tagging and versioning, and a destination, address number, type, barcode and then you ship it away in any kind of format – all these concepts of actually creating a package and delivering software in the form of a package, little by little has disappeared due to the fact that we are making more and more of those and releasing them more and more frequently.
“We shifted our approach to software updates, not out of packages, but out of the concept of continuous flow of software. You start to think in terms of piping, and then you start to connect the different software factories and the different departments and the different vendors and the different teams by connecting them with pipes, not by connecting them by physically delivering or on the cloud delivering the files from one place to another, but continuously providing the latest version of whatever software is available to the next destination.”
This is what Simon says (couldn't help it!) is the liquification of software systems. “Little by little, we are seeing any kind of software in any kind of environment moving to this liquid delivery mechanism, where you plug yourself to a client that you trust to deliver clear water which is unpolluted and secure, and by the way you'll get all security updates and the latest versions of whatever you want,” he explained.
If this sounds like the DevOps revolution, it's because Simon said it is. “There is another catch phrase we use quite a bit to reflect this; it's release fast or die. The ones that are not even trying to do that are probably companies we won't see in the next decade.
At JFrog, Simon said they want to make sure the tools they are creating can be used by the “plumber, who creates the piping and lets the liquid software flow. “The replication and the pipes that are created between the different repositories, which can be located all over the world, need to continuously deliver the right things to the right destination,” he said. “All the synchronization is a critical piece of our tooling. So of course the ability to see and to transparently view the actual flow of the software. Before, when it was actual trucks, the way to control it was to control the timing of the delivery of the package. When you go to liquid software, you need visibility and transparency, but need to change the control mechanism for frequency, quality and flow of delivery.”
Liquification is a strong force in the market, but for organizations with existing processes, the move to a continuous flow of software has many challenges. “To be frank, the full liquification of software is contradicting a lot of the processes many companies set in place. There are a lot of companies who have a six-month block time before the vendor has a new version and the new version gets inside the company. It's not rare to have such a strong mechanism of compliance and any kind of test that companies and processes set in place, where they only accept a very few releases per year. Those processes are the ones that are suffering today.
“When you have a monolith, you start with a version in your version control system and you build everything and test everything and deliver everything,” he continued. “It's a very sequential process that for really big software could actually take weeks. Once you start in microservices, each of the microservices has its own lifecycle, so you can make your own single build and test locally and have a new version automatically created. The ability to aggregate all those microservices and to tag a specific version at a specific time and create another application out of those microservices and those different versions rapidly and efficiently is critical for the next step.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — A lawyer who has suggested that FBI officials were part of a "brazen plot" to exonerate Hillary Clinton and frame Donald Trump has been added to the president's legal team.
Joseph diGenova, a former United States attorney in the District of Columbia and a frequent television commentator, will join the team at a sensitive moment as Trump's lawyers weigh whether to make the president available for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller and under what terms. As part of those ongoing discussions, the Trump legal team has provided Mueller's team with written summaries of how they view certain key episodes being investigated, according to a person familiar with the matter.
He will work alongside attorneys John Dowd and Jay Sekulow, who said in a statement Monday that he was confident that diGenova will "be a great asset in our representation of the president." Mueller is investigating potential coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign and possible obstruction of justice by the president.
DiGenova, who will start later this week, declined to comment to The Associated Press on Monday.
Advertisement
Though the White House and Trump legal team has spoken publicly of its cooperative relationship with Mueller's office, that rapport appeared frayed over the weekend when Dowd said that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein — who appointed Mueller and oversees his work — should "bring an end" to the investigation.
Dowd said he was speaking for just himself, but his emailed statement appeared to reflect the frustration of the president, who lashed out at the investigation in a series of weekend tweets, including one in which he mentioned Mueller by name.
Trump has publicly said he wants to speak with Mueller's team, but his lawyers have not committed to that and are continuing to negotiate about an interview. The person familiar with the matter, who insisted on anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation with The Associated Press, said the Trump legal team has provided written summaries of what they believe the evidence shows on certain matters.
Among the events being examined by Mueller's prosecutors are the firing last year of FBI Director James Comey and the ouster of former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn.
The Washington Post, which first reported on the documents, said they were drawn up and produced in an effort to curtail the scope of questioning.
As Mueller seeks an interview with the president, the addition of diGenova could signal a more combative stance, if past comments are any indication.
In a January interview on Fox News, for instance, he said that anti-Trump text messages exchanged between two FBI officials who were once on Mueller's team reflect a "brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton, and if she didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime.
"Everything that we have seen from these texts, and from all of the facts developing, shows that the FBI and senior (Justice Department) officials conspired to violate the law and to deny Donald Trump his civil rights," he added.
The addition of diGenova was first reported by The New York Times.
___
Associated Press writer Chad Day contributed to this report.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Turf Protection Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143379/request-sample
Turf Protection market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Turf Protection Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Turf Protection industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Turf Protection Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Turf Protection market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-turf-protection-market-professional-survey-report-2017-143379.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Turf Protection market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Turf Protection market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Turf Protection industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Turf Protection market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
HONOLULU, Hi. — A volcano on Hawaii's Big Island has destroyed more than 700 homes since it began spraying lava out of a vent on a residential street last month.
Kilauea volcano has covered large parts of the island multiple times over the past century.
People who lived through past eruptions speak of profound despair at losing homes and their way of life, but also about new opportunities and perspectives they gained.
Mary Dressler says losing her home gave her an incentive to work harder and get back on her feet.
When her house burned in 1990, she moved with her husband and their two young daughters into the video rental store they operated. They built a new home about eight months later.
Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded for nearly two weeks in a partly flooded cave said in a video released Wednesday (overnight NZT) that they were healthy, as heavy rains forecast for later this week threatened to complicate plans to safely extract the boys.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen in the video sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, pressing their hands together in a traditional Thai greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video, lasting about a minute, was recorded sometime Tuesday (yesterday NZT) and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23.
The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers Monday night (Tuesday NZT) during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos, the boys appeared in good spirits. In the most recent video, a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of their family members, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son, Pornchai, is in the cave, said she had thought there was a 50 percent chance that her son would be found.
"It's like he has been given a new life," she said, adding that she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
Those waiting for the boys to come out included a group of students who are friends with some of the boys trapped inside, who sang a song in front of the entrance to show their support.
Several religious figures have also shown up, the most popular being a famous Buddhist monk, Kruba Boonchum, who when he first visited the scene had predicted that the boys would be found this week.
He returned to offer prayers for their safe rescue, and as measure of the respect in which he was held, was allowed access to the cave, which is generally off-limits to outsiders.
SEAL commander Rear Admiral Arpakorn Yookongkaew said that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing, some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered.
Chiang Rai provincial Governor Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing, but he doesn't believe they have attempted any practice dives.
He said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted, but it is unlikely to be today.
"If it's risky or not safe, we will not proceed yet," Narongsak said. "It has to be 100 percent safe."
He also said the boys and their coach may not all be extracted at the same time, depending on their health. He said authorities will evaluate their readiness each day and if there is any risk will not proceed.
Authorities said they were still exploring other options, such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave.
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now, and wait for the water to go down. That could take months, however, given that Thailand's rainy season typically lasts through October.
Experienced divers are wary of taking out the boys through the dark and dangerous waters still in the cave, especially since they are untrained.
"We are talking kilometers of transport under the water with zero visibility," said Claus Rasmusen, a certified cave diving instructor based in Thailand who has been helping Thai SEAL team with logistics. "It's difficult."
He said it was awkward, but possible, to teach them minimal skills.
The drugs were for Coughlan and maybe to share with his mates as well, the Chief Justice agreed. (File)
The drugs were for Coughlan and maybe to share with his mates as well, the Chief Justice agreed. (File) stevepb/PIXABAY
A STRAIGHT-SHOOTING cocaine user wasted nobody's time when he was busted for his illicit stash.
"This is what you're here for,” Anthony James Coughlan told police who turned up at his Birtinya property in November.
Toowoomba-born Coughlan had 25.56g of a substance and slightly more than half of it was pure cocaine.
Brisbane Supreme Court heard Coughlan could've faced jail time if found to be dealing.
But the court accepted the 26-year-old had the drugs only for himself and possibly to share with friends.
Coughlan previously said the drugs would have been worth $3500 to $4000.
Chief Justice Catherine Holmes told Coughlan if he was found with drugs again, the suspicion of commercial dealing "will be almost inevitable”.
But she added that he wrote an apology letter to the court and his work supervisor supplied a supportive, positive reference.
Coughlan's relative youth, no prior criminal history, and rehab sessions he'd been taking also earned him credit.
His family were supportive and he made an early guilty plea to one drug possession charge.
The Chief Justice said Coughlan's rehabilitation was best served if he was not jailed.
He got an 18-month jail sentence, suspended immediately, operational for three years. -NewsRegional
The grand stretch to the evenings fills me with so much distress that a few years back I set up a political party: People Agin Spring! Our emblem was a bowl of ReadyBrek and we stood on a platform of “Darkness at 5 o'clock all year round, so everyone stays inside, eats complex carbs and watches telly.”
In three short hours, a Twitter account garnered 59 followers, until abruptly I lost interest – due to depression triggered by that spooky evening light lingering too long in the sky.
However! Mother Nature's consolation prize for spring is the arrival of all the beautiful new things in the shops. Suddenly the leftover s**te, at 90 per cent off, is swept away by a tsunami of pretty, fresh, pastel-coloured clothes, shoes, and – best of all – bags.
This year, though, I've been anxious because of the launch of a bag that can trace its lineage all the way back to the bumbag of the 80s. This, my friends, is the beltbag.
Simpler times
Now, a short history lesson. I lived through the 1980s first time round and they were nothing like as appealing as current TV series are making them seem. (Five words. Ay ay, ay, ay, moosey.) Back in the late 1980s, we wore bumbags, like as our actual handbags, not just holiday things, because – and please be kind – we knew no better! Simpler times, simpler times.
Wearable bags are convenient but bumbags remind me of testicles – useful but not beautiful. So you can understand why the heralded arrival of the beltbag has had me worried sick.
Unfortunately among the new arrivals, there are some bumbags. But others – which we will concern ourselves with – are very different: still small enough to be worn (even across the chest or back), but they're shaped like elegant purses, come in beautiful colours and are threaded through pretty leather belts with delicate metal buckles instead of foul plastic chunky slots. (As if they were seatbelts. Like, I mean.)
Lots of fancy designers – Miu Miu, Moschino, Gucci, Sportmax – have done versions. (I would sell my granny for the Valentino version. Pink, tanken yew.) Naturally the high street are sure to follow with their tributes. So far I've only seen the Topshop offering – but isn't it beautiful? And *speaks out of the side of my mouth* … in the right light, with a few jars on board, could probably pass for Versace.
President Donald Trump will sign an executive order Tuesday dubbed "Buy American, Hire American" that calls for sweeping reform of the H-1B visa process.
Its centerpiece is the replacement of the H-1B lottery with a system that distributes visas on the basis of wages, skills and education.
"We want to switch away from a random lottery system, in which it's weighted toward the lowest wageworkers, towards a system that prioritizes higher skilled, higher paid workers," said a senior administration official, in a background briefing to reporters on the condition that officials not be identified.
Such an H-1B reform "would make it much more difficult to use it to replace American workers," the administration official said.
With this order Trump makes his H-1B reform effort official, but the changes that the administration wants will take time.
The White House intends to follow a two-pronged approach to H-1B reform. It will make administrative actions as it works with lawmakers on reform bills. But it's unclear how many changes it can make administratively, and how much cooperation it can expect from Congress. Many lawmakers support reform, but there are differences in approaches.
Trump has been telegraphing these visa changes for a while. He was critical of the H-1B program during his election. Disney IT workers, who had trained H-1B holding replacements, spoke at some of his rallies, and the idea that the visa program is being being abused was major theme for Trump.
"An abuse of the H-1B visa program is to bring in a worker -- not because you need their skills or talent -- but for the purpose of undercutting an American worker," said an administrative official, who cited Government Accountability Official data that found about 80% of H-1B workers are paid below median wages.
Trump is expected to sign the executive order as part of visit to Snap-On Tools in Milwaukee. The "buy American" part of the order will affect government contracting.
There are asterisks, as well as criticism, about this White House H-1B reform effort.
The White House order has no impact on the most recent visa lottery, and that means many of this year's visas will go to IT offshore outsourcing companies. That's a major sore point with critics.
"Countless thousands of American workers are likely to be training their replacements as a result of Congress and the Trump administration not taking action," said Ron Hira, an associate professor of public policy at Howard University.
The IEEE-USA had urged Trump to change the visa lottery in time for April 1, and was disappointed that he had not. The next visa lottery will be April 1, 2018 for the federal fiscal year 2019.
With this new Trump order, the administration will muster key agencies to make an administrative review and propose reforms. It will also review its legal authority to make changes. An administrative official on the briefing said they believe it's possible to improve wages administratively as well as increase some application fees.
There will be many questions. What kind of reform in wage tiers can be expected, and what academic credentials, or skills, will win favor in a new system?
The administrative official briefing reporters on the H-1B reform was asked about the Disney displacement, and whether the goal was to prevent similar instances. He said that the reforms that they have in mind "would have the effect of making that kind of displacement impossible."
THE Supreme Court (SC) has cleared three justices of the Court of Appeals (CA) of administrative charges a litigant filed against them.
Advertisements
Clemente Atoc filed separate charges against Associate Justices Henri Jean Paul Inting, Edgardo Camello and Pablito Perez for gross ignorance of the law and gross violation of the lawyer's oath.
The three justices issued a temporary restraining order in connection with the dismissal order the Ombudsman issued against Cagayan de Oro Mayor Oscar Moreno and Glenn Banez, Public Service Officer 2nd.
However, in a full court ruling, dated July 25, 2017 but released only recently and promulgated by Clerk of Court Felipa Anama, the high court dismissed the complaints against them for lack of merit.
Meanwhile, William Guialani sought Camello's disbarment for his issuance of the TRO and a writ of preliminary injunction for his refusal to inhibit himself in certain cases.
But the high court said Atoc had no clear legal interest in the issuance of the TRO as well as in the outcome of the cases the magistrates handled. It also added that the administrative case against Camello will not prosper because it is not the proper remedy.
For someone to be held liable for gross ignorance of the law, “there must be a showing that respondents therein committed a patent, deliberate or malicious error in issuing the writ of preliminary injunction,” the SC said.
The tribunal added that the justices committed no error “as they based their findings on established facts and applicable jurisprudence.”
Like a vampire, we at Deco love the night life. So does the young star in the new movie “Midnight Sun.” Our dark knight Chris Van Vliet is here with more.
“Midnight Sun” has two of Hollywood's biggest young stars. One is a South Florida native back at home for this interview, and the other is the son of the Terminator.
Bella Thorne (as Katie Price): “So, I spend all my time indoors, behind special windows, sleeping during the day and staying up all night.”
In “Midnight Sun,” Bella Thorne plays Katie Price, a teenager who's so sensitive to the sun, any exposure to it could kill her.
But the actress says a big part of bringing Katie to life on the big screen was about not letting the illness define her.
Bella Thorne: “You don't want people to just see you as that, you know? You're more than that, as Katie is.”
And falling in love helps normalize her life.
Patrick Schwarzenegger (as Charlie): “I don't understand how we've never met. I've probably skated by your house every day on the way to practice. Hey, you wouldn't want to do something sometime, would you?”
Bella Thorne (as Katie Price): “I'm really busy during the day, but I could be free at night.”
Bella's on-screen love interest is played by Patrick Schwarzenegger.
Patrick Schwarzenegger: “It was really awesome. I'm really fortunate and blessed that this was something that was my first leading role.”
For Ahnuld's son, starring alongside Bella was…
Patrick Schwarzenegger: “To work with someone like Bella Thorne was awful, and it was, ummm …” (turns and smiles at her)
Bella Thorne: “It was a terrible experience, honestly.”
OK, that sounds like a bit of a joke.
Patrick Schwarzenegger: “We had so much fun. I really enjoyed working with Bella, and we had known each other a little bit before, and we're friends, but working together on this film, we became really close, and she was such a blast.”
And it sounds like they love food as much as they love each other.
Bella Thorne: “We both love food. My favorite restaurant is Versailles.”
Patrick Schwarzenegger: “I know. We're having it for lunch.”
Boy, thanks for the invite, guys!
Well, at least Bella offered up some of her french fries.
Bella Thorne: “Delicious. Do you want some?”
That was nice — but back to the movie.
Since Bella's no stranger to the sun — she did grow up here in South Florida — we asked her what she'd miss if she ever had to live without seeing the light of day.
Bella Thorne: “It would be really hard for me because I'm always very cold. I'm one of those people — of course, I grew up in Miami — so when the sun is out, I'm like, yes, I'm thriving, so I would be really upset.”
“Midnight Sun” rises in theaters on Friday.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
What were you reading on Noozhawk this week? Here's your weekend recap, and a peek at what's ahead
1. Mona Charen: Without Swift Change, Financial Crisis Is Inevitable
National Review magazine's Mona Charen, whose syndicated columns are published on Noozhawk, definitely struck a nerve this week with her review of Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels' new book, Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans.
In the book, Daniels paints a chilling picture of what's ahead if the United States continues to spend money like there's no tomorrow. Essentially, there will be no tomorrow, he says, unless we push a know-it-all government out of the way, regain control of our finances, and allow Americans to be Americans again.
Among my favorite passages is Daniels' response to a reporter's question about how he eliminated the $700 million deficit he inherited when he took office. “Prepare to be dazzled,” he says. “We spent less than we took in.”
Daniels' book is a compelling read, with actual specifics on steps we need to take now to reignite the American spirit that made our country the envy of the world. And can do so again.
2. Goleta Family Raising Funds, Awaiting Adoption of Russian Child with Down Syndrome
On Sept. 13, Noozhawk reporter Lara Cooper brought us the touching story of Gentry and Luis Zuzunaga, who are in the process of adopting an adorable Russian girl given up by her biological parents because she has Down syndrome.
The Zuzunagas have raised more than half of the estimated $40,000 they need to complete the adoption of little Maria, and bring her home to Goleta to join their family of five.
Maria turns 4 on Saturday, which should be a happy day. In Russia, however, special-needs children are placed in mental institutions at age 4. Happy birthday, right?
Click here to help the Zuzunagas with the adoption costs.
3. Santa Barbara County Soon May Let Medical Marijuana Dispensaries Apply for Permits
On Sept. 14, Noozhawk reporter Giana Magnoli returned to a topic that's all-too familiar to our readers: medical marijuana dispensaries.This time it's not another chapter in the city of Santa Barbara's excruciating saga, however. Santa Barbara County is preparing for the expiration of its dispensary permit moratorium at the end of the year and is trying to decide how to proceed.
4. After Losing It All, Former Drug Addict Looking Forward to Renewed Life
On Sept. 12, Lara Cooper opened our six-week investigative series, Prescription for Abuse, by chronicling the travails of Lisa W., whose descent into drug addiction cost her dearly. Thanks to the Sheriff's Treatment Program at the Santa Barbara County Jail and the Santa Barbara Rescue Mission's Bethel House, Lisa has her life back on track and is reconnecting with her family and her future.
5. Santa Maria Man Dies in Goleta Car Crash, 3 Passengers Injured
Late on the night of Sept. 9, a driver racing east on Hollister Avenue lost control of his car and crashed into the corporate headquarters of Cottage Health System at 6550 Hollister Ave.
Sheriff's deputies and Goleta police quickly arrived on the scene, only to observe two injured passengers running away. Inside the vehicle, they found the driver, a 20-year-old Santa Maria man, dead behind the wheel and his brother critically injured in the back seat. The three injured men were transported to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital for treatment.
The cause of the crash is under investigation and authorities believe alcohol was a factor.
The Week Ahead
On Monday and Tuesday, Noozhawk will resume Prescription for Abuse with Week Two of the series. Our reporters will be taking a closer look at addiction and we'll also be introducing the Noozhawk-sponsored Santa Barbara Teen News Network, whose students produced more than two dozen videos featuring many of our sources in the series. You'll be impressed with their work.
The Prescription for Abuse project is the result of a partnership between Noozhawk and USC's Annenberg School for Communication & Journalism. In addition to sbTNN, the project is sponsored by the Santa Barbara Foundation, the Mosher Foundation, Reckitt Benckiser Pharmaceuticals, Zona Seca and KEYT.
Reporters Lara Cooper and Giana Magnoli, and I, will be on KEYT's In Focus at 6:30 a.m. Sunday on Channel 3. The show's host, Scott Hurst, graciously invited us up the hill to tape the show and discuss what we've discovered about the misuse and abuse of prescription medications in Santa Barbara County. We had a lot of fun on the show, and Lara and Giana did a terrific job.
Meanwhile, former Noozhawk reporter Ben Preston, who left last year to get his master's in journalism from Columbia University, will be attending the Clinton Global Initiative's annual meeting in New York City. Thanks to the sponsorship of the Foundation for Santa Barbara City College, Ben will be filing reports from the conference on STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) education and the value of college in America.
We know how important education issues are to our readers and both of these topics are timely ones for our community. The STEM session will be moderated by Kumar Garg, a senior Obama administration policy analyst with the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. The college session is hosted by The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Noozhawk needs and welcomes your support. Just as you might subscribe — or formerly subscribed — to a favorite newspaper to keep up with your community news, please consider becoming a voluntary paying subscriber to Noozhawk, for as little as $5 a month, or becoming a member of our Hawks Club.
Click here to make a donation online, or mail your check to Noozhawk, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102. Email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) to set up recurring credit-card transactions through our PCI-compliant payment gateway. Personal contributions to Noozhawk are not deductible as charitable donations.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The North Las Vegas Police Department wants to remind drivers to remain safe behind the wheel to avoid life threatening situations.
Beginning May 15 to the 31st, the NLVPD along with the Joining Forces law enforcement program, will launch the statewide 'Click it or Ticket' campaign in an effort to highlight the importance of wearing seat belts while on the road, according to a media release.
Ticket citations will be issued to drivers who are not buckled up.
According to a 2018 Roadmap of State Highway Safety Laws publication, 23,714 occupants of passenger vehicles were killed in motor vehicle crashes in 2016, an increase of nearly 5% over 2015. Of the passenger vehicle occupant fatalities for which restraints use was known, 48% were not wearing seat belts.
Visit www.ZeroFatalitiesNV.com for more information.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Review Series 10.1172/JCI90609
Address correspondence to: Tanuja Chitnis or Howard L. Weiner, Ann Romney Center for Neurological Diseases, Partners Multiple Sclerosis Center, Department of Neurology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts 02115, USA. Phone: 617.525.6550; Email: hweiner@rics.bwh.harvard.edu (H.L. Weiner); tchitnis@partners.org (T. Chitnis).
Ann Romney Center for Neurological Diseases, Department of Neurology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Address correspondence to: Tanuja Chitnis or Howard L. Weiner, Ann Romney Center for Neurological Diseases, Partners Multiple Sclerosis Center, Department of Neurology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts 02115, USA. Phone: 617.525.6550; Email: hweiner@rics.bwh.harvard.edu (H.L. Weiner); tchitnis@partners.org (T. Chitnis).
Ann Romney Center for Neurological Diseases, Department of Neurology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
There is an increasing recognition that inflammation plays a critical role in neurodegenerative diseases of the CNS, including Alzheimer's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Parkinson's disease, and the prototypic neuroinflammatory disease multiple sclerosis (MS). Differential immune responses involving the adaptive versus the innate immune system are observed at various stages of neurodegenerative diseases, and may not only drive disease processes but could serve as therapeutic targets. Ongoing investigations into the specific inflammatory mechanisms that play roles in disease causation and progression have revealed lessons about inflammation-driven neurodegeneration that can be applied to other neurodegenerative diseases. An increasing number of immunotherapeutic strategies that have been successful in MS are now being applied to other neurodegenerative diseases. Some approaches suppress CNS immune mechanisms, while others harness the immune system to clear deleterious products and cells. This Review focuses on the mechanisms by which inflammation, mediated either by the peripheral immune response or by endogenous CNS immune mechanisms, can affect CNS neurodegeneration.
Continue reading with a subscription.
A subscription is required for you to read this article in full. If you are a subscriber, you may sign in to continue reading.
Already subscribed?
Click here to sign in to your account.
Don't have a subscription?
Please select one of the subscription options, which includes a low-cost option just for this article.
At an institution or library?
If you are at an institution or library and believe you should have access, please check with your librarian or administrator (more information).
Problems?
Please try these troubleshooting tips.
Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Marco Gonzales delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Chicago. Charles Rex Arbogast AP Photo
A month after winning the Cheltenham Gold Cup, Jessica Harrington landed her first BoyleSports Irish Grand National when the 9-2 favourite Our Duke routed his Easter Monday opposition at Fairyhouse.
“The Gold Cup and an Irish National are all firsts for me,” laughed the trainer. “It's not bad for a 70-year-old.”
Just as he did on Sizing John at Cheltenham, jockey Robbie Power did the steering on board Our Duke who won the richest jumps race ever run in Ireland in spectacular style by 14 lengths.
Last year's runner-up Bless The Wings again had to settle for second while Abolitionist, ridden by Rachel Blackmore, finished third.
Emerged on top
The colours of Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary were carried by 13 of the 28 National runners but it was Co Laois-based brothers Billy and Sloan Cooper who emerged on top in the €500,000 race.
“The owners also bred him, turned a lot of money down for him, and they're fantastic,” said Harrington.
“It's unbelievable and I can hardly believe it myself. He's a novice, having just his fourth run over fences, but it went like copybook the whole way. Robert was convinced he would stay and my worry was the ground, but he absolutely loved it,” added the Moone, Co Kildare-based trainer.
Home gallops
The winning prizes were presented to connections by Taoiseach Enda Kenny.
However, no one appeared happier with the success than the RTÉ presenter Tracy Piggott, daughter of the legendary jockey Lester Piggott, who has ridden Our Duke in his home gallops for the last three years.
“For all the winning days my father had, I think this is my best-ever day in racing,” she said.
Afterwards, Our Duke was cut to 10-1 by some bookmakers for next year's Cheltenham Gold Cup.
Share This: Christopher Nolan Immerses Viewers In The Harrowing Second World War Evacuation Jim Slotek
At first glance, it's hard to find a through line in the work of director Christopher Nolan.
From the innovative, chronic-memory-lapse mystery Memento, to the dark magician's tale The Prestige, to the box-office juggernaut Dark Knight films, to the hallucinatory blockbuster Inception, to the vividly told, Oscar-nominated Dunkirk, his films have grossed nearly $5 billion US and received 34 Academy Award nominations. Along the way, each film has had a unique creative and existential fingerprint.
The easiest way to understand Nolan's films is to consider them stories that are not so much told as experienced. We are passengers in Leonardo DiCaprio's mind as his nightmares come to life like natural disasters in Inception. We follow Matthew McConaughey into a distant galaxy in Interstellar (which was praised for its scientific accuracy by astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson).
And the remarkably self-contained Dunkirk—about the legendary mass evacuation of 400,000 Allied soldiers from the beaches of France in advance of the Nazi juggernaut—is itself the offspring of a personal experience.
Before production, the British-born Nolan (who has both U.K and American citizenship) hired a small boat with Emma Thomas, his wife and producer. (They've been together since they were students at University College London.) Their mission: Retrace the choppy route from Dover, England, to Dunkirk and back.
The original operation saw 800 private boats save the bulk of British forces to fight again—an act of mass heroism by ordinary people that might have saved Britain from invasion and helped win the war for the Allies.
“Like most British people, Dunkirk's a story that I grew up with,” Nolan said at a Los Angeles news conference held to launch the film. “So, as kids we received this very simplified, almost mythic fairy tale version of what happened.
“But the particular experience Emma and I had a few years ago involved making the crossing with a friend who owned a small boat, in about the same time as it (took) back then. And the crossing was extremely difficult and very rough. It felt difficult and dangerous, and that was without people dropping bombs on us.
“I came away from that experience with respect and fascination for the people who'd taken on the evacuation. It was something I never quite understood, why a modern film hasn't been made about it. Those are the kind of gaps I like to fill when I make a movie.
“It's always been about finding a story I feel I can have an emotional connection with, that'll sustain me through the years of making the film. I'm very single-minded. I can only do one thing at a time. I'm not very good at planning what I'm going to do next. So, if I'm going to dive in and concentrate on the film for usually two or three years, it has to be a story I'll stay enthusiastic about.”
The remarkable thing about Nolan's Dunkirk is that it was about the personal experience of battle, and only that. (You don't even see a single Nazi soldier until one of the very last scenes, and then only peripherally.)
In a bid to maintain the experience, while communicating the vastness of the event, Dunkirk was divided into land, air, and sea stories.
In the first, singing star Harry Styles portrays one of the soldiers who attempt to board boats that keep being sunk. The air narrative follows two Spitfire pilots (Tom Hardy and Jack Lowden) trying to draw German bombers away from the men below. And at sea we meet a middle-aged man (Mark Rylance) and his son, who rescue a shell-shocked soldier (Cillian Murphy) from a sunken boat.
“What I was hoping to gain was a way of maintaining a subjective storytelling but still maintaining an overview of the big story,” Nolan said. “Everything is intended to be subjective. You want it to be on the beach, with these guys, seeing events from their point of view. But you also want to see the bigger picture from the air, which requires the view of a Spitfire pilot.
“And then you're on the sea, with people coming to help with the evacuation. What you don't want is for the audience to step out of the experience. I avoided scenes with generals in rooms with maps. I didn't want to give the audience knowledge that the characters in the movie didn't have, other than through the interaction of these three stories.”
Large budget (about $100 million US) notwithstanding, Nolan likes to create a tactile experience on his set. Rylance recalled: “He would be rocking the boat by hand outside of camera range. He was very observant of what was organically happening.”
Styles, whose performance represented a major leap out of his teen idol straitjacket, recalled that the environment Nolan created was so realistic that it practically didn't require him to act. “Chris kind of creates this world around you where you don't have to act too much. A lot of it is reacting. You don't overthink it. Chris puts it to you in terms of saying what you need to say and doing what you need to do.”
True to his vision, Nolan says that very little of what he films ends up being discarded. Hence, his DVDs generally don't have “deleted scene” features.
“I have a great editor (Lee Smith, who has worked on most of Nolan's films) and we find a way to stuff more and more into the sausage. We don't tend to leave anything on the cutting room floor.
“In Insomnia (a 2002 movie with Al Pacino and Robin Williams), we have two deleted scenes on the DVD. After that, I took the view of trying to make all the editing decisions on the page.
“Making films is hard. And you'll do anything to not shoot something if you don't have to.”
This article first appeared in Movie Entertainment magazine.
New Partnership Helps BSc, MSc and PhD Research Students Perform Biomolecular Research in Nigerian Universities.
Lagos, Nigeria — African Biosciences Ltd. today announced a partnership with Nigerian Institute of Animal Science (NIAS) to provide access to services of ABL.
This includes a launch the first ever all-in-one research packages for the Nigerian academic bioscience research community. African Biosciences Ltd. Research Project Package (ABL-RPP) provides a convenient package for molecular biology-oriented research projects and come with flat rate pricing directed at BSc, MSc and PhD students interested in serious and meaningful biomolecular research in plants, animals, humans and microbes. The packages provide project design service, one-stop access to reagents and supplies, lab-for-rent services where student performs bench work in our lab, contract research services where the company performs bench work, provision of up-to-date literature, and basic data analysis.
This service continues the vision of providing ground-breaking integrated bioscience research services through a unique research-design-to-data analysis platform to achieve bioscience research goals by addressing some key challenges of performing bioscience research in Nigeria. With this new service, African Biosciences Ltd. is positioned to be a key player in the biosciences research market by being a leading service provider to build technical capacity in biomolecular research in Nigeria and soon across Africa.
To benefit from flat rate pricing, students must meet some requirements such current enrollment in a degree program at an accredited University or tertiary institution recognized by the relevant authorities, approval by the supervisor or research committee, and meet project scope requirement ranging from 2 weeks of lab work for BSc projects and 1 month for MSc projects to 3 months of lab work for PhD projects. The company offers a payment plan to help with affordability, and package pricing allows groups of students to band together to get additional discounts. Academic departments can get bulk discount for groups of their students who sign up to use ABL-RPP and academic institutions who sign long-term Memoranda of Understanding accessing this service receive even deeper discounts for their students.
Elaborating on ABL-RPP, Prof. Ikhide Imumorin, Co-founder and CEO of the company explained that eligible projects for flat rate pricing may include techniques from among the following: DNA and RNA extraction, PCR primer design, standard PCR, RT-PCR, Real Time PCR (qPCR), de-novo SNP identification, SNP genotyping, PCR-RFLP, Sanger DNA sequencing, basic bioinformatics and molecular data analysis. Additional charges apply to projects that require ELISA, Western Blots, molecular cloning, protein expression, in-vitro assays, next generation sequencing of DNA and RNA, genome editing, advanced bioinformatics and genome assembly.
This research project package is first of its kind in Nigeria for modern bioscience research and is part of the plan of African Biosciences Ltd. to provide comprehensive private sector solutions to life science researchers in Nigeria and Africa.
At least 20,000 new social houses are needed over the next decade to deal with growing numbers of homeless, a new report warns.
And while the Government has pledged it will build 5000 to 6000 social houses over the next decade, to help provide more Kiwis with a home, a just-released Salvation Army report indicates this may not be enough.
Its report Taking Stock showed the growing number of people on a benefit, combined with an increase in "poorer" Baby Boomers, aged 65 and over, with no permanent home would continue to put pressure on already limited stock.
Currently there more than 82,000 social houses in New Zealand - of which 62,500 are owned or managed by Housing New Zealand, 12,000 by local councils and 8000 owned by other agencies.
Advertisement
The report's author, Alan Johnson, said a "conservative" estimate of what was needed was between 2000 to 2500 new houses each year. Half of these would be needed in Auckland.
The estimated construction cost of between $800m and $1b annually was not unreasonable given the "urgent importance" of addressing the rising levels of homelessness and the high social cost this could incur, he said.
"The proposal should be seen as the bare minimum necessary to ensure that New Zealand's homelessness problems do not worsen."
Johnson said an analysis of Government statistics showed there was an "enduring number of people living on working-age welfare benefits" and those with limited means aged 65-plus that would only see more people in need of a home.
Data obtained through the Official Information Act showed the number of people on the social housing register had almost doubled in the last decade, with 5353 on the Ministry of Social Development list in June this year, up from 2737 in the 2006-07 financial year.
Meanwhile the number of houses in HNZ stock had declined by 4582 across the same time period - from 67,063 in the 2007-08 year, to 62,481 in March 2017.
Answers to written questions raised by the Green Party in Parliament showed 2539 HNZ homes had been built since 2009, but taking into account 2414 demolitions, it had only added a net 125 new houses to its stock.
This year a new building programme promised to build a total 34,211 new homes - including a net 5000 to 6000 new social homes.
Minister for Social Housing Amy Adams said the Government was running the largest housing project since the 1950s by building 34,000 new homes over the next 10 years in Auckland.
She said they currently helped close to 9000 families a year find a safe place to stay while they get back on their feet and emergency housing was also available.
"Our social housing reforms are working for those in need. We've changed a system that was focused on simply providing a house, to one that is providing better tailored, wraparound support to help people get back on their feet, while also increasing overall supply."
A partially Government-funded programme, Housing First, had also recently been launched that had so far seen 150 homeless people moved off the streets and into a home within four months.
But Green Party social housing spokeswoman Marama Davidson said more was still needed.
She was confronted daily in her community by the need for secure, warm and dry homes.
"We've always said for several years now that selling off state housing at a time when homelessness in our country is the highest it has ever been, and is climbing, is the worst thing that we could be doing as a country."
The entrance of a church in Manurewa where a homeless man died earlier this year. Photo / Sarah Harris The entrance of a church in Manurewa where a homeless man died earlier this year. Photo / Sarah Harris
She said people continued to tell her it was tough making ends meet in today's climate.
However, Johnson acknowledged that simply building more houses may not be enough.
He said it "does not follow that state housing is the only answer and that all the state's resources for housing should go into buying and building state-owned housing".
He suggested alongside more homes, additional support, such as accommodation supplements to help low-income people get into a good quality private home, could help.
At the very least Johnson called for greater political understanding that social housing could be "for life".
"Until there is some acceptance that there is a permanent and growing demand for social housing, as a nation we are unlikely to fully appreciate both the commitment we need to give to such housing and the potential it has to materially improve the lives of the most vulnerable."
Neither the Ministry of Social Development nor Minister for Social Housing responded to requests for comment last night.
Market Highlights:
The study reveals that structured cabling is trending in North America region. With the growing demand of wireless communications that requires high transmission rate with, large amount of bandwidth for internet connectivity.
The cloud services require the highest quality of network connectivity. There is high adoption of cloud services among companies as the companies including Siemon (U.S.). CommScope, Inc. (U.S.), Nexans S.A. (France), are providing the high infrastructure and services which increase the demand from enterprise resource planning along with increasing trend of customer relationship management has prompted the need for higher cloud services in commercial sectors. The initial cost of installations & maintenance of these structured cabling is quite expensive.
These cabling is required as per the customer's demand. With the advancement in technologies and internet connectivity which is gaining momentum in the market but cabling cost is hampering the market growth.
The global Structured Cabling Market is growing rapidly over ~10.0% of CAGR and is expected to reach at USD 17,181.2 million by the end of forecast period.
Major Key Players:
CommScope Inc. (U.S.)
Hitachi Cable America, Inc. (U.K.)
Panduit (U.S)
Legrand SA (France)
TE Connectivity (Switzerland)
Corning, Inc. (U.S.)
Belden Incorporated (U.S)
ABB Ltd. (Switzerland)
Schneider Electric SE (France)
Nexans S.A. (France)
Teknon Corporation (U.S.)
Siemon (U.S)
Superior Essex (Georgia)
Paige Electric (U.S)
Brand-rex (Scotland)
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2266
Global Structured Cabling Market Segmentation:
The global structured cabling market is bifurcated on the basis of wire category, application, product type, industry and region. The wire category is segmented into category 5e, category 6, category 6a, category 7 and others.
The application is segmented into specialty LAN and WAN. The product type is segmented copper, co-axil and fiber. The industry are IT & Telecommunication, BFSI, commercial, industrial, automotive and others. The region includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world.
Regional Analysis:
In North America region, the increasing demand for cloud, co-location services and building automation are boosting the structured cabling market growth to the large extent. It is due to emergence of e-commerce which is continuously growing require the cloud services. The increasing adoption of cloud services in structural cabling in the banking, financial services and insurance, hospitality, hospitals, and education industries has driven demand of these services.
The digitization, remote access, centralized control, accessibility and others are the driving factors of the structured cabling market. With the proliferation of new technologies available to homeowners, residential cabling will have to be upgraded to match these advances. The usage of advanced technologies has changed the increasing demand of structured cabling. The growing need of these cabling is fulfilling the requirement of customer's need.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/structured-cabling-market-2266
Intended Audience:
Structured cabling manufacturing companies
Original equipment manufacturers
Structured cabling providers
Research and development companies
Market research and consulting firms
Solution providers
Technology standards organizations
Technology investors
System Integrators
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
The Office of the Ombudsman has found basis to charge former Department of Agriculture (DA) Secretary Proceso Alcala and other individuals with graft before the Sandiganbayan over an alleged garlic cartel.
Also facing indictment were former Bureau of Plant Industry (BPI) Director Clarito Barron, then-BPI division chiefs Merle Palacpac and Luben Marasigan and then-garlic traders Lilia “Lea” Cruz, Edmond Caguinguin, Rolan Galvez, Rochelle Diaz, Ma. Jackilou Ilagan, Jon Dino de Vera, Napoleon Baldueza, Jose Ollegue, Laila Matabang, Angelita Flores, Gaudioso Diato, Denia Matabang, Jose Angulo Jr., Raffy Torres, Mary Grace Sebastian, Renato Francisco, Rolando Manangan, Orestes Salon, Prudencio Ruedas and Shiela Marry dela Cruz.
According to a statement issued by the Ombudsman on Tuesday, it was found on investigation that Alcala, Barron, Palacpac and Marasigan allegedly issued and allegedly approved 8,810 import permits (IPs) from 2010 to 2014.
Then-importers and then-affiliates of the Vendors Association of the Philippines Inc. (Vieva), which was supposedly then-headed by Cruz allegedly “cornered” 5,022 (IPs) out of the 8,810 IPs.
The Office of the Ombudsman said records show that Alcala allegedly designated Cruz on July 24, 2013 as chairman of the National Garlic Action Team (NGAT), which served “as the DA's consultative body on policies and concerns of the garlic production and supply program.”
It added that “[a]t the same time, Cruz” allegedly “acted as representative of the garlic importers, assisting them in the processing of applications and issuance of IPs.”
Investigators also found that Alcala et al. allegedly approved the IPs despite an order that suspended the issuance of IPs, according to the statement.
The statement said the NGAT issued a resolution on August 22, 2013 “recommending the non-issuance of garlic IPs finding that the supply was sufficient to last until the next harvest season of March 2014.”
On November 5, 2013, the NGAT issued a resolution “declaring an insufficiency in the country's garlic supply as of 25 October 2013 and recommended the importation of 58,240 metric tons of garlic through the issuance of IPs to be allocated to farmer cooperatives (70 percent) and legitimate garlic importers (30 percent).”
The Ombudsman alleged in its resolution of April 20, 2018 that “NGAT's resolution that 70 percent of the IPs would be allocated to farmer cooperatives was actually a scheme designated for Cruz to control the garlic importation.
After Cruz established Vieva, she allegedly caused the affiliation of farmer cooperatives and associations under its umbrella on the pretext of helping them financially.
By adopting the scheme, she was alleged to have practically controlled a big chunk of the 100 percent of the IPs for imported garlic.
The 30 percent of the IPs supposedly allocated to legitimate garlic importers were given mostly to Vieva and its affiliated importers.
On the other hand, the 70 percent of IP allocation for the farmer cooperatives were alleged to have been mainly captured by Cruz through Vieva-affiliated farmer groups.
The Ombudsman's office also alleged in its resolution that the supposed scheme enabled Vieva to monopolize the garlic supply, allowing it to dictate its market prices.
[From] January to July 2014, the extraordinary and alarming spike in the prices of imported and locally produced (native) garlic was strongly felt by the public especially in the month of June 2014.
The price of imported garlic soared, ranging from P260.00 to P400.00 per kilogram from its average price of P165.00-P170.00 per kg. in calendar year 2010-2013; while the price of native garlic varied from P250.00- P400.00 per kg. in April to June 2014.
Section 3(e) of the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act prohibits public officers from causing undue injury to any party, or giving a private party unwarranted benefits, advantage or preference in the discharge of their official administrative or judicial functions through manifest partiality, evident bad faith or gross inexcusable negligence.
Meanwhile, the Ombudsman found Barron, Palacpac and Marasigan administratively liable for grave misconduct.
Bills coach McDermott encouraged by medical reports on QBs
hello
Buffalo Bills quarterback Nathan Peterman, center, is helped to the sidelines during the second half of an NFL football game against the Indianapolis Colts, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Orchard Park, N.Y. Associated Press
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Bills coach Sean McDermott is encouraged by the initial medical reports on his injured quarterbacks to feel confident Buffalo won't have to add a player before hosting Miami this weekend.
McDermott did not go into further detail, a day after the Bills (7-6) beat Indianapolis 13-7 in overtime to stay in the AFC playoff picture.
Rookie Nathan Peterman is in the NFL's concussion protocol after being dazed while making a headfirst dive in the third quarter against the Colts. Peterman started in place of Tyrod Taylor, who bruised his left knee in a 23-3 loss to New England a week earlier.
Third-stringer Joe Webb finished the game in place of Peterman.
McDermott says Taylor showed signs of making progress over the past few days after practicing on a limited basis last week.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Perhaps Snapchat would have been a better medium. The hottest boardroom battle of this AGM season took an abrupt and shocking turn on Monday as Klaus Kleinfeld, the embattled chief of Alcoa spin-off Arconic, quit his post. In the seventh paragraph of a press release, Arconic finally got around to mentioning why Mr Kleinfeld was leaving his Park Avenue office: he had shown “poor judgment” by sending a letter (contents so far unknown) to a senior employee at Elliott Management without the board's knowledge.
Explicit campaigns to oust chief executives, particularly of $10bn companies, are rare. Elliott then must be ebullient to have Mr Kleinfeld's scalp even before a shareholder vote. Arconic, for its part, is still trying to salvage its own slate of directors. Mr Kleinfeld had been pilloried as a detached Davos man — office in midtown Manhattan, jet-setting with the global elite — while shareholders were stuck holding among the worst performing shares since his arrival (unceremoniously timed just before the financial crisis).
This caricature of Mr Kleinfeld had reduced him to an anchor. With his departure, Arconic investors must now scrutinise Elliott's strategic plan. While Elliott has focused on what it believes are corporate governance flaws at Arconic, it also has strong views on how to increase cash flow and return on capital faster than what the company forecasts. Naturally, Arconic says that Elliott's peer benchmarking analysis is flawed and demonstrates that an activist hedge fund knows little about running a complex industrial business.
The board until Monday has unreservedly backed Mr Kleinfeld (though its composition had steadily changed in recent months). However, Arconic shares rallied 5 per cent adding $600m in market value. Shareholders will have to decide how much more upheaval they want. But in the meantime, they should at least reimburse Mr Kleinfeld for postage.
Email the Lex team at lex@ft.com
HusbandS and relatives of nursing mothers have been encouraged to give adequate support to exclusive breastfeeding during the first six months of life with the aim of increasing compliance rate in the country.
Making the appeal during a community outreach tagged; ‘Sustaining Development Together' in Shomolu/ Bariga area of Lagos State, Chief of Party, Stop Diarrhsea Initiative of Save the Children, David Atamewalen said that the level of compliance with exclusive breastfeeding in Nigeria still remains a great concern as the most recent data put it at just 25 per cent.
Atamewalen said that the figure can be improved upon through the support of husbands and relatives of nursing mothers. “Husbands play a key role in sustaining their wives on exclusive breastfeeding because during this period there are lots of tasks the nursing mother will be doing and require support of their husbands and relatives.
“When a woman is breastfeeding, she tends to eat a lot, so the husband should endeavour to make available nutritious foods that she will pass on to the baby. Another thing is housework. Husbands can assist in this area because most nursing mothers, when overwhelmed with housework, tend to stop exclusive breastfeeding after four months.”
Atamewalen explained that husbands should understand the fact that when their wives are breastfeeding, there will be physical changes in their bodies so they must not insist that their breasts remain firm.
“Such issues will discourage women from complying with exclusive breastfeeding.
“After six months, nursing mothers need to sustain that habit up till a year with supplementary nutritious food. The more a child stays on the breast, the better for him or her, because breastmilk contains natural immunogens that help the child in fighting diseases. The economic benefits include saving hospital expenses and the mothers' time.”
He regretted that children that miss out on this critical period, tend to be vulnerable to some childhood killer diseases such as diarrhoea, cholera, malaria, among others.
The Advocacy Advisor, Save the Children International, Nigeria chapter, Mrs. Folake Kuti said that government and private sector can also support through enabling environment, “Having crèches in different organisation will help the nursing mothers to be more focus at work.
Households in the Harrogate district who currently have their garden waste collected from the kerbside are being encouraged to sign up to the new optional chargeable scheme as soon as possible to avoid any break in service.
From Monday 26 June 26, garden waste will only be collected from those households who have subscribed to the service.
The council is recommending that households register by Friday 23 June 23 to ensure that their garden waste will continue to be collected.
Zoe Metcalfe, Harrogate Borough Council's Cabinet Member for Environment, Waste Reduction and Recycling said: “More than 18,000 people have already signed up to our new optional subscription garden waste collection service.
“The scheme offers great value for money and provides an alternative to having to take garden waste to one of the household waste recycling centres in our district.
“We have introduced this subscription service so that we can expand the service to the thousands of households across the district who are currently unable to receive it.
“Later this year households who do not currently have the service will be able to subscribe for the 2018 season.
“There is still time for residents to sign up to ensure there is no gap in their garden waste collections and I would encourage anyone interested to complete their subscription online by visiting our website or by calling the council.”
In May, letters were sent out to households who currently use the service advising them of the changes and how they can subscribe to the new service. So far, 18,700 residents have signed up.
The subscription service will run fortnightly from March until the start of December, with a winter break in December, January and February when no collections take place.
The cost of the service is £23.40 per bin in 2017, as it only covers collections from the end of June to the start of December. In 2018, the subscription service will be expanded to all suitable properties in the district with a seasonal cost of £39.
The licence covers one garden waste bin. Households wishing to have more bins can have as many as they like, but all additional bins will cost £23.40 in 2017 or £39 in 2018. Residents also have the opportunity to share their bin with a neighbour if they have a small garden.
Residents who choose not to subscribe to the scheme will be able to dispose of their garden waste for free by taking it to one of the local household waste recycling centres or by home composting.
esidents can subscribe to the service by visiting www.harrogate.gov.uk/gardenwaste or by contacting the council's customer services team on 01423 500 600.
Sometimes a size 2
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
have worn approximately the same size in clothing since I was a freshman in high school. That should mean that I should always buy the same size clothes, right? Wrong.
I currently own six formal gowns that I wore for various proms and pageants when I was in high school. No two dresses are the same size, but they all still fit me perfectly. As my dresses range in size from size 00 to size 8, it has proven extremely difficult to sell my dresses simply because I can't just tell someone what the size is. What one person thinks of as a size 2 may be someone else's size 6.
Normally, I wear a size 4 in dresses. In the next month or so, I need two light-colored dresses for different occasions. I have looked at so many stores trying to find dresses that are appropriate for the events and have come up short every time. Last week I decided to look on Amazon as a last resort. I found two dresses that I thought would be absolutely perfect. The only downside was deciding what size to order. For one dress, I guessed a small and settled for a size 6 in the other, hoping that it wouldn't be too big since the company didn't offer the dress in a smaller size. I was very wrong. When the dresses came in, both were way too small and had to be returned.
So why does one person who hasn't changed sizes in more than six years have to buy such a variety of sizes?
It's not possible for the average woman to look like the models and celebrities the clothes are designed for without drastically altering her body.
The desire to have the perfect, thin body has completely altered the way women's sizing works. Desiring to be a smaller size has pushed women all across the country to alter their bodies to fit the unrealistic expectations clothing companies have placed on us.
According to The Washington Post in “The absurdity of women's clothing sizes,” the U.S. government actually attempted to create standard sizes for women's fashion in the 1950s and ‘60s. However, the government dropped the project by 1983 when it was clear that the sample measurements taken from various women weren't actually representative of women in the U.S. at all.
After that failed attempt, “manufacturers were left to define sizes as they saw fit,” the article said. This is all well and good until you shop at companies such as Gap, which owns three different brands: Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy. All three brands have different sizing standards, according to “The New York Times.” That's a little ridiculous.
According to “Cosmopolitan,” the smaller the size, the larger the profits because if women feel good in the sizes they try on, they're more likely to buy the product. The same article, “Vanity Sizing: The Insanity of Size 0,” asks “How can we rely on size as a way to measure up when sizes themselves have become so inconsistent?”
Well, I don't feel good. I don't like getting to a store and having to pull the same piece of clothing in four different sizes because the size that fits at one store likely won't fit at the next. Having to remember what size I am at countless stores takes way more effort than I want to put in.
MEDIA RELEASE
As of Friday, October 6, 2017, the following individuals are wanted by the Hawaii Police Department because of outstanding warrants:
This is the official list from the Hawaii County Police Department
Police ask that anyone who knows the whereabouts of a person on this list call the Police Department's non-emergency line at 935-3311. Tipsters who prefer to remain anonymous may call Crime Stoppers at 961-8300 and may be eligible for a reward of up to $1,000. Crime Stoppers is a volunteer program run by ordinary citizens who want to keep their community safe. Crime Stoppers doesn't record calls or subscribe to caller ID. All Crime Stoppers information is kept confidential.
Persons who know a warrant is out for their arrest are advised to report to the nearest police station to avoid having an officer go to their home or workplace to arrest them.
Individuals can find out if they have a misdemeanor warrant or a traffic warrant by going to the Hawaii State Judiciary's website at www.courts.state.hi.us. From there, click on “eCourt Kokua” and then follow the directions. Information about felony warrants is not yet available online.
Why is this a partial list? Police department explanation Originally, the list was for newspapers, which have limited space. The reason we do it in alphabetical order rather than chronological order is that sometimes we have a long list of new names and sometimes that list is short. This is a way we can be consistent with filling a specified amount of space for the newspapers. We realize that space isn't a factor for a website, but to create a different version for you (Hawaii 24/7) would require doing both versions. Unfortunately, we only have one employee who is responsible for all the police department's court documents and she is the one who has to prepare the weekly list for the media. It would take away too much time from her primary duties if she had to do both lists.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
LUCIO Tan-led Philippine National Bank (PNB) is optimistic of hitting double-digit profit growth this year given continued strong demand for loans and other banking services.
PNB Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Nelson Reyes said the bank expects net income to grow by 13 percent to 14 percent this year, continuing the bank's strong performance last year.
In 2017, PNB posted a consolidated net profit of P8.2 billion, up 14 percent from the P7.2 billion recorded in 2016, boosted mainly by growth in its core operating income.
“We do expect our net income to grow in the mid-teens” level, he told reporters during a press briefing in Manila on Tuesday.
“Insofar as lending is concerned, we've been shifting our focus from traditionally large corporate. We are going to shift our exposure to commercial and the consumer market,” he said.
Reyes said the bank is looking to increase its exposure to the commercial lending segment to around 35 percent from 33 percent last year.
He said PNB's consumer lending this year is expected to grow to around 15 percent of the total loan portfolio from 12 percent last year. The corporate sector remains its biggest loan market with a 52 percent share, he added.
Last year, the bank's loan portfolio expanded to P502.1 billion, up by 17 percent or P73.9 billion from the comparable figure in 2016.
Total deposits increased by 12 percent or P67.4 billion to P637.9 billion.
Net service fees and commission income increased by 16 percent, fueled by growth in loan- and deposit-related services as well as improved investment banking fees.
The bank has no plans to increase the number of its full branches this year but instead will focus on establishing branch lite units. It will put up three branch lite units in Samar, the Visayas State University campus and in Southern Leyte.
Introduced by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) last year, branch lite units are more flexible versions of typical bank branches.
PNB officials said the cost of opening a mini or branch lite is 80 percent lower compared to a regular branch. To date, PNB has 692 branches, including the branches of its savings bank arm.
Berlin, Germany — 5 December 2017 — Christoph Zach has made the effort of compiling the perfect calendar for the Germans and those that have made Germany their permanent residence. These people are needing help to know about the local customs and how they can better integrate into the community. As to do that properly one would need to learn which are the holidays in the country and what they actually mean to the locals at this point in time.
It would be a shame to miss one of the most important feiertage deutschland days and not congratulate the new German friends with them. One can truly feel alienated when he is in another country and not knowing what is important and not following the proper customs. In addition to that for those that have gotten a new job in the country: they really need the link kalender as to be able to know when they are supposed to go to work and when to stay home during an important national holiday of the German people.
Surely, this can be easily fixed by making friends and always asking them when the nearest holidays are but Germans are pedantic people that don't like to always be hassled about such trivial matters. Therefore the feiertage deutschland would shine a good light on this person and paint him like no other pesky foreigner from abroad. If the client has the same worldview as the creators of the calendar then he will surely extract the maximum benefit from the usage of its information. There are amazing ways as to prove to the friends and colleagues from this country that the person is truly worth the praise and consideration.
Those that are seeking a great gift for a German friend that happens to be living or working abroad then should definitely consider the link kalender. Amazon would be honored to send it abroad to the address that is being specified within the order. There are so many possibilities to manage the items that it would be a shame not to make such a grand present. The feiertage deutschland are always important for those that have left their fatherland and are nostalgic about it. Be the one that attracts attention to this moment and brings a smile to the German friend's face once again. It will be of great benefit in the end.
Contact:
Company: KDP
Web site: kdp.amazon.com
URL: https://kdp.amazon.com/community/profile.jspa?userID=1977681
Microsoft will try a new way to push Windows 10 users into running Edge, forcing links opened from the Windows Mail app and its messages to display in the browser.
Normally, links embedded in messages retrieved by the Windows Mail app open in the default browser, which may be an Edge rival if the user has set one.
In the latest preview of Windows 10's fall feature upgrade, currently known as 1809 in Microsoft's yymm label format, Microsoft has mandated that Edge assume responsibilities for opening links within messages.
"We will begin testing a change where links clicked on within the Windows Mail app will open in Microsoft Edge, which provides the best, most secure and consistent experience on Windows 10 and across your devices," announced Dona Sarkar and Brandon LeBlanc, the Microsoft employees who most often speak for the Insider preview team, in a post to a company blog last week.
The change was added to build 17623 of the "Skip Ahead" version of Windows Insider. The Skip Ahead builds are offered to the limited number of Insider participants whom Microsoft lets continue with the latest code during the month or longer run-up to a release of one of the twice-annual feature upgrades. Microsoft will ship the spring upgrade, designated as 1803, sometime in early April.
Although Sarkar and LeBlanc trumpeted Edge's security and battery life in their post, they said nothing about what must almost certainly be the real reason for the move: To make Windows 10 users run Edge, if only in circumscribed circumstances.
Microsoft has good reason to up the pressure on users.
Since it debuted as the default within Windows 10 nearly three years ago, Edge's user share of the browsers run under the OS has been in steady decline. In February, Edge accounted for a record-low percentage - less than 12% of all Windows 10 systems - which represented a nearly-two-percentage-point decline from the month before. And Edge's continued slide has been in the face of Windows 10's own growing share. Windows 10 last month powered 39% of all Windows PCs. In other words, the more people who run Windows 10, the less they collectively like Edge.
The forced-link-opening maneuver wasn't Microsoft's first attempt to inflate Edge's usage. From Windows 10's mid-2015 launch, Microsoft has made it difficult to switch to a competitor as the operating system's default and has regularly reversed any user changes with new feature upgrades. The company has also promoted Edge as a power miser, restricted its Cortana voice-activated assistant to the browser and even marketed an Edge rewards program.
None of those plays have halted the browser's decline.
It was unclear whether the Edge-related change introduced in build 17623 will remain in place long enough to appear in the 1809 feature upgrade later this year. Sarkar and LeBlanc left room for backpedaling. "As always, we look forward to feedback from our WIP [Windows Insider Program] community," the two wrote, implying that if customers turned thumbs down, Microsoft might rethink the maneuver.
CASCO, Maine (AP) — Lawyers for two men facing arson charges in a fire that destroyed a historic Maine schoolhouse say the men are intellectually disabled.
The Portland Press Herald reports an attorney for 22-year-old Devin Richardson-Gurney told a judge Monday that the man has autism. An attorney for 20-year-old Edward Scott says the man receives services from an organization that helps the intellectually disabled.
Prosecutors say the two men set the Friends School House in Casco on fire Sunday.
Members of the Raymond-Casco Historical Society say they may never recover from the loss. The school house was built in 1849, and the historical society says they've lost historic books and maps dating to the 1700s.
Advertisement
The judge set bail for Richardson-Gurney and Scott at $1,500 each.
___
Information from: Portland Press Herald, http://www.pressherald.com
MIAMI (AP) — Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz should continue to be represented in the death penalty case by a public defender at taxpayer expense, a judge ruled Tuesday.
Cruz has only about $28,000 in assets, and most of that he cannot immediately access, Broward County Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer wrote. She said that is not enough money to hire a private lawyer in a case of this magnitude.
"The court finds that this is not a typical felony case, or even a typical capital felony case," the judge wrote.
Cruz, 19, is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. He is being held without bail.
Advertisement
Public Defender Howard Finkelstein said in an email that Scherer "made the right ruling under the law and the unique nature of this case."
Finkelstein repeated that Cruz will plead guilty if prosecutors waive the death penalty, which they have declined to do.
"We still believe it is in the best interests of the families and the community to end this case now rather than take a 20-year march to impose the death penalty which will link them for decades to the person who killed their loved one," he said.
The state attorney's office declined comment.
According to the judge's order, Cruz's major known asset is $25,000 from a life insurance policy taken out by his mother, Lynda Cruz, who died in November. Scherer noted, however, that Cruz has no access to that money while in jail and it's unclear what in his mother's estate might benefit him.
"Whether or not (Cruz) will ultimately receive any monies from his mother's estate is not known," Scherer wrote.
Cruz also has $2,200 in Microsoft stock, $700 in a Broward County Jail commissary account and $353 in a bank account, the order says.
Scherer added that if more assets are identified for Cruz that "would afford him the ability to retain private counsel" she would revisit his status as indigent.
Another pretrial hearing is scheduled Friday.
_____
Follow Curt Anderson on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Miamicurt
STARTING April 27, 2018, Grab drivers will no longer see the destination of passengers, Brian Cu, Grab Philippines country head, said Tuesday.
Cu said the feature that allows drivers to see where a passenger is going will be taken down.
“We hear what our riders want and we will continue to improve our services while making bookings more efficient for our riders. We will implement non-showing of passenger information before ride acceptance, as it is a major source of complaints,” he said in a statement.
However, for drivers' protection, they would have the option to see their passenger's destination during the wee hours of the night.
“We hope that our passengers will do their part and verify their accounts for safety and proper identity,” Cu said.
Grab Philippines will also roll out an auto-accept feature which will allocate rides automatically to drivers.
The auto-accept driver app will be fully implemented on Friday, while the destination masking will initially be rolled out to 25 percent of Grab drivers with low acceptance rate.
The company has recently been swamped with complaints involving the cancellation of bookings by Grab drivers.
Sacred Heart Youth U13s Saints proved too strong for Leighton Town Youth U13s in their Chiltern Youth League U13 Division Two clashes last Sunday.
James Denniss, Tyler Downey, Rocco Goss, George Kerr and Mason James were all on target, with Charlie Brackenridge and Archie Hudson named joint MOM.
In U16 Division One, Barton Rovers Youth went down 3-1 to Ampthill Town Casuals, Tierlen Wilson the scorer.
>> To have your youth football report printed in the paper, just email luton.sport@bedsnews.com by Tuesday morning.
Opening up to a teenager about being the victim of a really nasty crime might not be easy for an older person. But in Dominika Greszczak – at the age of 18 – Luton Victim Support has found an ‘older head on young shoulders'.
Dominika is a volunteer at the service which provides one-to-one support to crime victims of all ages, listening to them, giving emotional and practical support and helping them through to the other side of a traumatic event.
She has just finished a three-year Public Services course at Central Bedfordshire College with an eye on a possible police career, holds down several part-time jobs, does three days a week at Victims Support and on Saturdays is training to mentor young people with problems.
Now Dominika, of Tithe Road, Luton, has been shortlisted for the final of Atlas Converting Young People of the Year awards or ‘YOPEYs' – Oscars for young people who ‘give to others'.
Dominika was nominated by Maggie Parsons, a tutor at Central Beds College in Dunstable. “Dominika has worked really hard this year, and after meeting a guest speaker from Victim Support who visited the college, she volunteered there and has gone through training. She is now supporting people and is very positive about the work she is doing.”
The nomination is also seconded by Saadia Khan, Victim Services Delivery Manager for Luton Victim Support. She said the service offers support to victims of crime, listening to them and offering emotional and sometimes advocacy support.
“We try to find the tools to empower the victim to move beyond the crime,” she said. “The qualities we look for in a volunteer include listening skills – listening to what a client says in their own words, with empathy – and body language that is open.
“Dominika has been with us since January and I am very impressed with her progress so far. She is very good at meeting a client's needs. Another quality is the ability to let the client know that you understand how they are feeling.”
Saadia explained: “Dealing with people who perhaps are upset, angry and very emotional takes real maturity. Dominika is only 18 but she is a very mature 18 with a good head on her shoulders. Since gaining her accreditation, she has already supported about three or four clients, victims of various kinds of crime.”
Dominika is currently supporting the victims of burglary, criminal damage, anti-social behaviour and hate crime. These are known as ‘core clients' and Dominika has done the mandatory five-day core training which is City & Guilds accredited.
When she has gained enough experience she will be allowed to help the victims of more serious offences, such as domestic violence and sexual crimes.
Dominika has also attended networking events for the Luton team. “It might be difficult for a mature victim who is the victim of a really heinous crime to open up to 18-year-old, but Dominika comes across as very mature. I am very impressed with her,” added Saadia.
Dominika can speak fluent Polish as well as English. She was born in Poland and brought to the UK as a child. This gives her an advantage – which also impresses Victim Support – when supporting people in Luton's immigrant community.
Dominika said: “I have always been interested in helping people and have done work experience in a nursery and worked with young people with anger management issues with The Prince's Trust.
“I have just finished Public Services at college and found that really interesting and in the future I will perhaps look into going into the police. I am a ‘people person' and like to be out there talking to people.”
She is currently doing a volunteer training course for GreenHouse Mentoring based at Stopsley. “It is mentoring young people with learning and behavioural difficulties and not doing very well at school and sometimes with family issues. We sit down with them and have a chat and try and help them,” she said.
“I heard about Victim Support when someone came into college, applied to be a volunteer and found it better than I thought it would be. I have had quite a few cases helping people of different backgrounds and cultures, and until you speak to someone who has been through a crime you cannot understand how it can affect them.
“I really feel we are helping these people, seeing their feeling of well-being improving and feeling safer. Helping someone get beyond the crime and them telling you that they have got over it is so fulfilling. It makes me happy that I could help change someone's life!
YOPEY started in Bedfordshire in 2006 and has expanded to many other counties. Its founder, former national newspaper journalist Tony Gearing, said: “There are many young people in Bedfordshire doing wonderful things for others. It's just that they live in the shadow of a well-publicised anti-social minority.
“We need to give young people the respect they deserve and set up the best as positive role models for others to copy rather than focusing on the small number who appear in the press for negative reasons.”
The Bedfordshire awards will be presented at St John's College, Cambridge, this autumn.
Two-year-old Carmen Dyck had a blast watching her favourite cartoon character Peppa Pig at the Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre Thursday. For a review and video, visit www.vernonmorningstar.com. (Jennifer Smith/Morning Star)
Possibly the youngest audience to sit (squirm) in the seats, found their way to the theatre last week.
Toddlers packed the Vernon and District Performing Arts Centre for a splashing good time as a favourite cartoon came to life – Peppa Pig.
See: Peppa Pig performs for Okanagan kids
Joined by her brother George, mom, dad and a few friends (including Daisy, the one human character) Peppa brought her Surprise show to town.
At two-years-old, Carmen Dyck has hardly sat through a show at the movie theatre, never mind the performing arts theatre. In fact, sit doesn't accurately describe what most kids were doing – they were jumping up and down and wiggling and wriggling to the music.
At times, Dyck was swallowed whole by the adult-sized folding seat, which she wasn't heavy enough to hold down. Like her, most kids ended up on the laps of their moms, dads, or in this case, aunty.
But no one seemed to mind, as the highly popular pig kept the tears at bay.
Instead, the theatre was full of giggles and snorts.
The only one crying was George, when he was scared. And then screams of surprise echoed from the audience as George's tears burst from his face, sprinkling out over the first few rows of the audience. Things got even wetter when Peppa, George and their friends splashed around in mud puddles on the stage.
That was one of Dyck's favourite parts of the show – “when everyone got wet.”
The 4D effects continued with bubbles from bath time, before an “oink-citing” adventure to the seaside, where black light creatures came to life, drawing aw and wow from even the adults.
“I had a good day, a big day,” said Dyck after Peppa's performance, clutching her dine-saw plush, just like George's. “The show was fun.”
In fact, she one day hopes to be just like her favourite pig. Just ask what she wants to be when she grows up. The little one's response is “George!”
@VernonNews
jennifer@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The weather-resistant properties of DomeShelter Australia's CMDS make it beneficial to a range of industries. The CMDS' flexible and functional design is ideal for relocating operations and for easing logistical concerns in case of inclement weather.
[CUNDERDIN, 30/5/2018] – DomeShelter Australia, a specialist in industrial shade and shelter solutions, offers the Container Mounted DomeShelter™ (CMDS), a robust, weather-resistant shelter system. The CMDS possesses properties that make it ideal for a wide range of applications spanning various industries.
Flexible, Relocatable Industrial Shelters
DomeShelter Australia's Container Mounted DomeShelter™ is specifically designed to respond to the climatic challenges facing various industries. Harsh weather conditions may occasionally disrupt operations and require relocation to resume work.
As a versatile and relocatable container shelter, the CMDS is engineered to withstand Australian Wind Regions from Class A to D. The CMDS has a robust steel frame that can securely fit onto existing container shelters by welding, bolting or through Twistlock. The CMDS also has a functional design that makes it easy for shipping and logistics.
A Shelter for Various Applications and Industries
The weather-resistant properties of the Container Mounted DomeShelter™ present several benefits to a variety of industries.
For the oil and gas industries, the CMDS protects important goods from heat and moisture damage with excellent rain and UV protection. The same goes for the agriculture sector, which heavily relies on the light and heat-resistant properties of the CMDS to maintain the health of livestock.
Apart from the industrial sector, the CMDS is also applicable to events and the tourism industry. Ideal as both a temporary and long-term solution for venues, the CMDS provides a cool, translucent space that allows natural light to pass through without causing too much heat.
About DomeShelter Australia
An established family-owned business, DomeShelter Australia is a trusted name when it comes to industrial shade and shelter solutions. While the company manufactures products in line with the industrial challenges in Australia, DomeShelter Australia extends its services all over the world to provide tough, functional protection for goods and equipment.
To learn more about the company's products and services, visit https://www.domeshelter.com.au.
Belcher Gives Mixed Reviews of Columbia MAP Scores
COLUMBIA - Columbia Public Schools released their Preliminary Missouri Assessment Program (MAP) results Tuesday which remained consistent with last year's scores. The results show an upward trend over the past five years, but Superintendent Chris Belcher, said achievement of demographic subgroups is still a concern.
Specifically, students performed at or above the state on English and slightly below the state on algebra. The district did meet all 14 state standards, however.
While the last two years of MAP scores for Columbia were the highest scores for the district so far, this year grades four and seven fell below state average in communication arts. Grades three, four, and six fell below the average in math.
No Columbia Public Schools met federal goals in 2012. The requirement for this achievement is 87 percent of students test proficient or higher on MAP testing in communication arts and 83 percent in math.
Belcher said the main concern still is the demographic subgroup performance.
"We have an upward trend with our free and reduced-priced lunch subgroup, however our African American subgroup continues to fall below desired proficiency levels. Belcher said. "This is further complicated by the change in identification of subgroups to include an additional multi-racial category."
The change in the identification of subgroups happened in 2011 when a multi-racial category was added to the subgroups. This makes year-to-year comparisons difficult.
New this year, MAP score will no longer be used to determine adequate yearly progress (AYP). This was previously required by the No Child Left Behind Act. The state granted Columbia the right to use its own accountability system. The system allows the state to identify and assist schools through its own accountability system, the Missouri Improvement Program (MSIP). This waiver also prevents Columbia from receiving sanctions for not meeting federal goals.
All schools will use the results to focus on measuring progress toward the district's school improvement and student achievement goals.
Belcher said meeting all the state requirements puts Columbia in a good position to transition to a new assessment requirements program and move to Common Core Standards. These standards will be used in most states and allow them to more accurately compare data with one another.
Prior to the change to Common Core Standards, Belcher explained Missouri had the second most rigorous curriculum in the country, but was still compared to all states, even though many had easier curriculums/
Belcher also expressed frustration with the MAP. He said the MAP focuses on curriculum issues rather than student issues. He said the test compares on grade level in a year to the same grade level the next year. This means the students are not being tracked for improvements, but rather the curriculum of that grade.
Belcher hopes to begin tracking both student and curriculum progress in the next few years.
Dallas Stars defenseman Julius Honka (6) and St. Louis Blues defenseman Robert Bortuzzo (41) battle for the puck during the second period of an NHL preseason hockey game, Monday, Sept. 26, 2016, in Dallas. (AP Photo/Jim Cowsert)
NEW YORK -- The Stars coaching staff said in training camp that Julius Honka could get better by simply watching and practicing at the NHL level, and they still believe that can be true this season.
It's been an uneven training ground for the 14th overall pick in the 2014 NHL draft, but Stars coach Ken Hitchcock said he has seen progress in Honka, who has been working a great deal with assistant coach Rick Wilson.
Honka, 22, has had an odd season. He was scratched for six of the first 12 games, sent to the minors for 10 games, recalled because of an injury to Marc Methot and played in four of the next nine games, including Monday against the Rangers.
"Rick has worked really hard with him to understand angles and stick positioning and playing through people," Hitchcock said. "He's not a big guy (5-11, 186), but he's a strong guy. He's got a lot of strength in his legs. Rick has worked really hard with him to punch through people one-on-one, to use his stick and body to play through people. From a coverage standpoint, we think this time with us has really helped him and he's really improved. He's really shown the desire to get better in that area."
Honka scored his first goal of the season Monday and played 12:21 in a 2-1 shootout win over the Rangers.
He said he felt good.
"It's good to play, I want to play," he said. "I think I am learning, so I think playing will help more."
Hitchcock said that Honka needs to show what he has learned on a consistent basis to stay in the lineup. He said Honka needs to move the puck quickly in order to avoid mistakes.
"First play option, make it, and then move," Hitchcock said. "He's like a skill guy in that he wants to find 'that play,' and that play sometimes in this league gets you checked. If it's on your stick as a young player and you're past the count of three, you're usually in trouble. We want him to move the puck and join the rush because he's so mobile."
Hitchcock said Honka will remain in the lineup Wednesday against the Islanders.
"He'll stay in, for sure," Hitchcock said.
An inquest's heard a teenager died in Ipswich after he was stabbed in the heart while walking back from the shops.
17 year old Tavis Spencer-Aitkens was attacked by a group of men on June 2nd.
An inquest into his death was opened and adjourned today.
Detective chief inspector Mike Brown told the hearing that Tavis's death is being investigated as a murder.
Suffolk senior coroner Nigel Parsley said: "I would like to express my personal condolences to Tavis's family and his friends for their tragic loss in these circumstances."
He adjourned the inquest to a date to be fixed "in light of the criminal investigation that's currently taking place".
Police have arrested eight people in connection with the stabbing.
Two of them face no further action, four others arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder have been bailed until July 30th and two have been charged with murder.
Aristote Yenge, 23 and from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester who cannot be named for legal reasons, have been remanded in custody ahead of a hearing at Ipswich Crown Court on July 27.
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada.
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean.
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat.
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world.
Augusta, Ga. (WJBF Sports) — Next Friday night will be the biggest one yet in the young boxing career of Augusta native Justin Deloach.
“This is my first professional fight for a title,” Deloach said.
Deloach (16-1 record, 8 KOs) will face Christopher Pearson (14-1 record) in Temecula, California for the USBA super welterweight title belt.
“Ya know, when people say you're fighting for a title, they amp up their energy level through the roof, but this is what I do man,” Deloach said. “I'm excited about it, of course. But the fun ain't till i'm fighting. That's when I get to have fun. Ya know get in there and do what I do best. So, I am excited man. It is a big deal for the city; it's a big deal for me. So, Augusta I will be bringing that gold back.”
Deloach is confident he'll capture the title belt, which would guarantee a future fight for the USBA super welterweight world title.
You can watch Deloach's fight Friday, February 24 at 10 p.m. ET on Showtime.
We'll have a more detailed preview on Deloach's big fight next week on WJBF.
Bayern Munich have confirmed that their assistant manager Paul Clement will hold talks to become Swansea's new manager.
It was reported on Saturday evening that Swansea were set to appoint Clement as their third manager of the season.
Former Derby boss Clement emerged as Swansea's number one target after Wales boss Chris Coleman turned down the opportunity to take over at his home town club.
And Bundesliga champions Bayern, in a statement on the official club website, said: “Co-coach Paul Clement has asked FC Bayern Munich to hold talks with Premier League club Swansea City about a commitment as head coach.
“Bayern's head coach Carlo Ancelotti and the management board of FC Bayern Munich have fulfilled this wish.
“Paul Clement will therefore not be travelling to the training camp in Doha together with the team of FC Bayern.”
Swansea hope to confirm the appointment of Clement, who has worked alongside Ancelotti at Chelsea, Paris St Germain, Real Madrid and Bayern, before their Premier League game at Crystal Palace on Tuesday night.
Clement is expected to have a watching brief at Selhurst Park, with caretaker Alan Curtis taking charge of the team again.
Curtis was in charge of Saturday's 3-0 home loss to Bournemouth — Swansea's fourth straight league defeat — after the sacking of Bob Bradley.
Former United States boss Bradley was only at the Liberty Stadium helm for 85 days after succeeding Francesco Guidolin at the start of October.
Bradley's reign was the joint-second shortest in Premier League history, and Swansea are now in grave danger of being relegated after six seasons in the top flight.
Swansea is rock-bottom with 12 points from the halfway mark of 19 games, and only one side in Premier League history has survived from a worse position.
That was the 2004-05 West Brom team which Clement's brother Neil played for.
ADVERTISEMENT
Swansea head to south London four points adrift of 17th-placed Palace, with Curtis saying he has to address a “crisis of confidence” on the back of 14 goals being conceded in four games.
“The first goal seems to be crucial at the moment,” Curtis said.
“Confidence seems to drain from us when we go behind.
“I suppose the explanation for that is that we are bottom of the table, we are not winning games and we are conceding too many goals.
“It's a crisis of confidence when we concede a goal.
“I still think there should be enough in our squad to get better results, but confidence in sport, especially football, is such a fragile thing.
“But we just have to get on and prepare for the next game. That's all we can do.”
At least Swansea can take heart from their astonishing 5-4 Liberty Stadium victory over Palace on November 26th.
On that occasion Spain striker Fernando Llorente — who is doubtful for the trip to Selhurst Park — scored twice in injury time after Palace had fought back from 3-1 down to lead 4-3.
It was a cruel blow for Alan Pardew, who was subsequently sacked as Palace manager less than a month later.
Since then Pardew's successor Sam Allardyce has picked up one point from games at Watford and Arsenal, and the former England manager takes charge at Selhurst Park for the first time against the Swans.
“They've nipped in and got a very good manager there,” Swansea defender Neil Taylor said.
“He's a specialist in being at this end of the league and pulling people through.
“I'm sure he will turn their fortunes around. But for ourselves it's the same old thing, we have to go there and get a result.”
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
DAVID Bowie's former musical director and guitarist comes to Limerick to perform for a new festival this weekend.
Dubliner Gerry Leonard – musician, performer and solo artist – who was musical director for David Bowie from the A Reality Tour in 2003, and a member of the seminal artist's inner circle for 15 years, will appear in conversation and performance in Dolan's Warehouse this Sunday as part of the I.NY festival.
He will appear in conversation and performance with Professor Eoin Devereux, Assistant Dean for Research in the Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences at UL.
“Leonard: The Dubliner who became one of David Bowie's six-string sidemen” promises to be a fascinating event. He has worked with Suzanne Vega, Laurie Anderson, Bowie, Roger Waters, Suzanne Vega and Cindy Lauper and was invited by Eoin Devereux to speak at I.NY.
“Gerry features on David Bowie's albums Heathen, Reality and The Next Day. He was the musical director for Bowie's Heathen and Reality Tours. He co-wrote the songs ‘Boss of Me' and ‘I'll Take You There' on The Next Day,” explains Prof Devereux.
“The event will be in two parts. I will interview Gerry on stage about working with David Bowie. We will talk about writing songs with Bowie as well as touring with him. We will also talk about the making of Bowie's “return” album – The Next Day. The second part will feature Gerry performing some David Bowie songs as well as some of his own compositions as Spooky Ghost,” he added.
Leonard told the Leader: “I hope to speak about my career path and how New York has been such a defining experience for me. I also will play some solo pieces of my own composition from my "Spooky Ghost" project alongside some arrangements of Bowie songs that I got to perform with David over the years we worked together. New York is an incredible place for music and art and very welcoming for an Irishman. There is a special bond there and a mutual curiosity.”
See www.thisisny.com.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen was up to his old tricks again, leaving reporters in stitches at today's press conference after having a dig at Lions coach Warren Gatland for bringing in more troops from the United Kingdom.
Hansen said that he has heard from sources that Gatland is recruiting more players from the UK for injury cover and to strengthen his squad.
"I think he's about to bring out a few extra players to give himself the ability to bring or play two squads," said Hansen.
"He's at the stage he wants to do that."
When asked by 1 NEWS if the players will be coming from the UK, Hansen couldn't help but give the reporters a little bit of a laugh.
"Well I guess so, I don't know where else he will get them from."
With a few Kiwis named in the Lions team Hansen suggested his rival Gatland should have opted to select a few more New Zealanders in his squad.
"Well I guess he didn't pick probably enough of them I suggest."
Men Charged With Attempted Rape In Reading
Two men have been charged with attempted rape and false imprisonment - after a woman was attacked in Reading.
The victim, in her fifties, was assaulted in King's Street early on Friday.
The men are due back in court in July.
Praveen Linga, aged 28 of Watlington Street, Reading has been charged with one count of attempted rape of a female over 16, one count of false imprisonment and one count of perverting the course of justice.
Vasile Irofte, aged 18, of no fixed abode has been charged with one count of attempted rape of a female over 16, and one count of false imprisonment.
It relates to an incident in which the woman in her fifties was the victim of an attempted rape at an address in King's Street, Reading at around 2am on Friday 25 May.
The two men appeared at Reading Magistrate's Court on Tuesday (29 May). They were both remanded in custody to appear at Reading Crown Court on 2 July 2018.
By Simone Cuccurullo, reporter
American Idol was back on ABC7 for another week.
Sunday night's show featured a familiar face from Southwest Florida.
We first told you about Ricky Manning going on the show, but now there's some good news to report.
The North Fort Myers graduate is one step closer to living his dream.
Cape Coral native got that golden ticket to Hollywood.
“Proud is an understatement, I really don't know a word to describe the way I felt,” said Manning's mother, Suzanne Orlando.
She watched his audition from her home in Cape Coral.
“When he did get to sing that song you could see that it meant so much to him,” Orlando said.
The song details his experience living in Los Angeles after moving out of Southwest Florida.
"A song that I wrote alone in my apartment, they said yes to that? That blows my mind,” Manning explained on the show.
Not only did the song “L.A. Is Lonely" get him through to Hollywood, but it also got him nods on social media from big-name celebrity judges like Katy Perry.
“I know that Lionel Richie had said ‘I would love to write with you,'” Orlando said.
Hearing those words about her son is a surreal experience.
“It's still like a dream to me. These are the things that dreams are made of,” she said.
Orlando told ABC7 she has no idea when Manning will be seen on the show again once the Hollywood rounds begin.
I asked her about the possibility of Manning coming back to Southwest Florida, and she said to keep an eye out for a possible show this April.
Copyright 2018 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
Choosing the best consulting firm makes a huge impact in the way a company is going to function. Right from the early days of a company, the need to having a good consulting firm is quite high. However, not each and every consulting firm can help a company have the best out of itself. Thus, here are some of the tips that we would suggest to make sure that you choose the best consulting firm for your company.
Confirm Their Understanding of The Project:
Before choosing a consulting firm for your company, make sure that the firm understands your project needs and both of you are on the same lines, when it comes to achieving the set goals for the company, both in the near and the far future. The company incorporation services in India must also be well chosen and on these stated lines, so as to make sure that you can achieve the goal for the company in the shortest period of time.
Experience:
It is rather suggested that you choose a company which has worked in the past with some of the companies in this particular field, so as to make sure that you can enjoy the suggestions from a real experienced firm. For new companies coming in the trade, it is very important that they rather seek an experienced consulting firm, as they do not have the experience themselves.
Mitigating Fall Backs:
While a company must be looking forward to growth, the company must also look back for a fallback plan, in case the actual plan fails. The company law consultants in Delhi or rather in any part of the nation needs to make sure that you have an effective fall-back plan ready. Make sure to check the previous fall-back plans of the consulting company while relying on them for the fallback plan.
Communication Skills:
While hiring a consultant for a company, one must look out for his communication skills. The person has to possess some of the most unusually strong communication skills, so as to make sure that they can connect with anyone whenever needed. This characteristic must be checked for a consultant, before hiring one for the company.
Clear Answers to Questions:
This is one point that would help you immensely when you choose a consultant company. The firms must give you clear answers to all your questions. You must be able to draw the information from their answers. This is something that is common among the top 10 consulting firms in Delhi. In case, one is unable to get the clear answers related to any question from the company, it is better to reconsider the decision of having the firm as a consultant.
These are some of the tricks that might help you have the most for your company. While at the same time, help you choose the best consultant who can further help you grow your business to new heights. The correct consultant is the key to any consultant services in India.
Source:http://www.prfree.org/news-how-to-choose-the-best-consulting-firm-to-get-the-maximum-for-your-project-532367.html
Green Reit has signed up Vistra Alternative Investments (Ireland) Ld for part of the first floor of George's Quay Plaza in Dublin 2. The new arrival will pay a rent of €592 per sq m (€55/sq ft) for 495sq m (5,330sq ft) under a 15-year full repairing and insuring lease, with a tenant break option in year seven. Vistra will also rent four car parking spaces at €4,000 each.
The recently refurbished offices have direct access to Tara Street Dart station and are within a short walk of the Luas service.
Stephen Noonan of JLL is now looking for a tenant for 784sq m (8,344sq ft)on the second floor of the building.
€325,000 for Tallaght infill site
Johnny Hanrahan of Savills is guiding €325,000 for an infill residential site close to Belgard Retail Park in Tallaght , Dublin 24. Although there is no planning permission currently in place, Ronan said there was positive feedback following a pre-planning consultation for four three-bed duplexes, four two-bed apartments, and one two-bed end-of-terrace house. The site extends to 0.15 of a hectare (0.37 of an acre) and is accessed from Colberts Fort.
Jacinda Ardern and Government welcomed on to Karetu Marae
The sound of warriors welcoming the Prime Minister onto Kelvin Davis' marae sent a booming echo across the valley at Karetu.
Medical robots market driven by mainly their acceptance in diversified fields such as an interventional cardiology, neurology, and orthopaedic surgery, among others provides gainful opportunities for the manufacturers in the market. Physicians were assisted by the medical robots to attain precise results in the complex surgeries. Rise in innovative technologies in medical field drive the growth of medical robots market. Need of technical professionals to perform surgeries and being more expensive are the major constraints in the medical robots market.
A sample of this report is available upon request @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-medical-robots-market/#ulp-4H8Z4LpNMLEuOnnx
The medical robots market is segmented on the basis of product type, application, enabling technologies, end user, and geography.
Based on product type, the global medical robots market is segmented into
Robotic Systems
Surgical Robots
Rehabilitation Robots
Non-invasive Radiosurgery Robots
Hospital and Pharmacy automation robots
Pharmacy automation robots
IV Robots
Based on application area, the global medical robots market is segmented into
Neurology
Orthopaedic
Cardiology
Laparoscopic
Others
Based on enabling technologies, the global medical robots market is segmented into
Gesture Control
Machine Vision
Speech/Voice Recognition
Tactile Sensors
Based on end-user, the global medical robots market is segmented into
Hospitals
Rehabilitation Centres
Diagnostic Centres
Radiological Centres
Research Labs
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-medical-robots-market/#ulp-c654SbFYO64MsOhu
Currently, robotic surgeries are performed for gynecological, urological, orthopedic, neurological, and gastrointestinal diseases .The scope and application of surgical robots usage is expected to increase over the years owing to their accuracy. Many leading medical device manufacturers enter into the medical robots market by acquiring small-scale surgical robotic system manufacturers. For instance, in 2013, Stryker Corporation has acquired Mako Surgical Corp. and in 2016, Smith & Nephew has acquired Blue Belt Technology that are popular surgical robotic system manufacturers for orthopedic surgeries. Rehabilitation robotics is yet another emerging concept in medical robotics and computer-assisted surgery industry. The involvement of robotic technology in the treatment and rehabilitation of paralyzed and amputees taken the healthcare sector to another level. Several companies now focus on developing advanced robotic prosthetics, orthotics, and exoskeleton. Increase in demand for advanced treatment methods for various severe diseases, increase in prevalence of cardiac and neurological disorders and cancer provides robust market growth. Technological advancements and applications of these technologies in critical surgeries propels medical robots market over the forecast period. Favourable government regulations boost healthcare assistive robots market growth. For instance, Technology-related Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities Act (1988) stimulated the development of assistive technology devices by providing funds to the states. Growing awareness coupled with increase in efforts to promote robotic research will fuel growth of the medical robots market.
Need more information about this report @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-medical-robots-market/#ulp-14mlyhjMGhVjZqa3
Based on geographical regions medical robots market is segmented as 5 regions: Latin America, The Middle East and Africa, North America, Asia-Pacific and Europe.North America dominates the global medical robots market over the forecast period owing to increase in awareness in the physicians towards use of innovative technologies creates lucrative opportunities for medical robots manufacturers. Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow with high CAGR due to evolving healthcare infrastructure in the region driving the medical robots market. In Japan, favourable government initiatives such as “robot revolution realization council” provides regulatory reform and support to develop the highest level of artificial intelligence technologies in healthcare are expected to contribute growth for the medical robots market in Asia-Pacific region.
Get access to full summary @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-medical-robots-market/
Some of the players in medical robots market are Stryker Corporation (U.S.), Vecna Robotics (U.S.), Varian Medical Systems (U.S.), Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (U.S.), Kirbey lester (U.S.), Hocoma AG (Switzerland), Houston Medical Robotics, Inc. (U.S.), Kinova Robotics (Canada), IRobot Corporation (U.S.)and Otto Bock Healthcare (Germany)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion's kit release has been met with a generally positive reaction - but fans aren't happy about one element of it.
The Baggies revealed their new home strip for the forthcoming Championship campaign after signing a deal with manufacturers Puma earlier this summer.
The clear nod to the iconic wide stripes of the late 1970s, when Ron Atkinson's Albion made waves at home and abroad, has gone down well.
But the sponsor - at least what it looks like on the shirt - hasn't.
Here's what fans have been saying after seeing the new strip for the first time.
Josh Roberts: Love the shirt. Hideous sponsor ruins it. Will probably buy in the Xmas sale!
Then and Now: Anyone knows if I can buy the new top without the sponsor on it?
(Image: Twitter @WBA)
Kristian Grin: I'd take an Asian gambling website sponsor over ‘ideal boilers‘ any day of the week.
Malc Maca: It's capital I capital B, or Capital I small b surely ? In no way should it be small i and capital B ?
Grant Carrington: I like the new kit, retro. Can you buy it without the sponsor?
The Baggies Bible: Unfortunate that when we are blessed with a decent kit, the sponsor s***s on us all with that filthy logo.
NikkiWBA: Why do our shirts get spoilt by sponsorship logos?
Paul Gould: I like the new WBA kit but the big sponsor ruins it a little
LoweWBA: Hopefully they'll release the shirt without the sponsor.
SeanLloyd: I love it apart from the sponsor.
FrancisWBA: This would look so much better without that sponsor. But I just want to see some new players in it tbh.
JordanHarris97: I love it all bar the sponsor.
Ian Moss: That kit is absolutely beautiful apart from the horrific sponsor, if that had no background in it, it would be perfect.
JoeGardner98: Decent kit but the sponsor ruins it.
However some supporters were prepared to look past complaints about the sponsor.
Stig's WBA Cousin: Like the sponsor's logo or not, they make things in the UK to sell. Socially responsible & support charities and were founded over 100 years ago. And they are not a bookie. So I'll forgive them that their logo may not be a design classic.
Matt Rose: I'm on board with the new #wba shirt. The sponsor's not great, but it never is, and at least an effort's been made to integrate the logo with the design. And I prefer it when Albion go for fewer stripes.
AlexStrapBoy: Nice enough shirt, sponsors are a necessary evil unfortunately.
Gaz Sloane: I'm down with that kit. There's something very 'Championship' about that sponsor/logo, and therefore quite endearing.
Kieran Corbett: New Albion kit is actually very nice I reckon.
poll loading Do you like West Brom's new home kit for 2018/19? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
More Albion news
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a shock move for Danny Batth ahead of the new season writes Mat Kendrick.
The Daily Mirror write that Batth could be a target for Wolves' fierce rivals, who are looking for defensive reinforcements following the exits of Jonny Evans and Gareth McAuley.
With Ahmed Hegazi and Craig Dawson also wanted by top flight clubs, Albion is in need of reinforcements in the centre-back department.
Batth, who battled with Ryan Bennett for a place in the Wolves starting XI last season, could find his game time restricted further in the Premier League.
Willy Boly has signed permanently and Conor Coady is set to retain his starting spot as Nuno Espirito Santo's men take on the top flight.
Our Wolves columnist Ryan Leister said: "I'd be very surprised if Danny made the move across the Black Country and not just because it's the old enemy.
"He's a popular figure within the club and let's not forget he's been the club captain for the last two promotions, so I'm not sure he's not going to give up on the club now they are finally back in the top flight.
"I'm positive he is more than aware that he'll face additional competition for places next term but for the time being, I'd say he'll keep his head down and take any opportunity when it's given."
Sam on the way
Darren Moore is close to making his first signing as West Brom head coach with goalkeeper Sam Johnstone expected to join this week, writes Paul Suart.
It's thought a £5 million fee has been agreed with Manchester United.
Personal terms are set to be finalised in the coming days before the completion of a medical.
His arrival is likely to trigger the shock departure of Ben Foster, Albion's undisputed number one for the past eight seasons.
Foster and team-mate Craig Dawson refused to attend West Brom's training camp at the Amendoeira Resort in Portugal last week.
They claimed the board had stopped them from sealing moves to Premier League clubs by demanding exorbitant transfer fees.
But Foster now looks set to make an immediate return to the top flight.
The 35-year-old is expected to seal a £3 million move to Watford, where he spent two seasons on loan earlier in his career, once the Johnstone deal goes through.
29th June 2018: Sunglass is one of the most important parts of fashion accessory, but its task is to protect eyes from the ultraviolet rays. UV rays can harm eyes in various ways like blurring vision due to clouding of eye's lens, cataracts, etc. The prolonged UV exposure causes most of the eye problems. Also, eyes including eyelids have the thinnest and the most sensitive part of the body which makes it prone to age spots, wrinkles, etc. Hence, it is crucial to protect the area by wearing a proper sunglass. However, there is a variety of them in the market but wearing a right one enhances the protectiveness.
Ray-Ban is an eyewear company is famous for its sunglasses worldwide, it is known for producing the best quality in the market. Ray-Ban is a brand of eyeglasses and sunglasses; the American company Bausch & Lomb founded it in 1937. They are best known for their Aviators, Wayfarer lines of sunglasses. The company is the worldwide leader in the superior eyewear market. People can discover the collections of eyeglasses and sunglasses for kids, women, and men.
Ray-ban nz introduces some latest collection of sunglasses that are favored not only in Hollywood but around the globe. Being the best selling eyewear brand, it produces sunglasses that have a high standard, exceptional quality, great styles, and comfort. No matter what the design all the sunglasses provide 100 % UV protection. Starting back from the 1930s it is famous for its lens and quality, but with every passing day, it is increasing its technology to produce an enhanced product.
Eye wears like Ray ban aviators nz are comfortable and suitable for everyday wear. They are made up of lightweight arms and plastic frames. Its gradient lens offers 100% UV protection. Glasses are also prescription ready (Rx-able) and it has adjustable nose pads for a personalized fit. Frames are precisely made for men and women. These eye wears are protective, clean and sophisticated which never goes out of style.
Ray-Ban is a known brand, and many people trust it. Ray ban wayfarer nz have a variety of stylish sunglasses. Available in a variety of colors to get a personalized look, it also has a double brow for which the organization is famous. Apart from its lens quality it also has an innovative frame design to suit every customer's taste. These sunglasses are perfectly designed to execute a variety of conditions and offer prolonged fit and comfort.
The organization has a perfectly designed website which makes shopping easy for international customers. People can visit the site and place an order without any complications. The company delivers its products to the customers globally and accepts all the payment methods.
About Ray-Ban:
http://www.raybans.co.nz
Ray-Ban is a leading eyewear manufacturing organization worldwide. Apart from its outlets it also has online shopping store for the convenience of its customers. It has a wide variety of quality eye wears that are attractive. The organization has a broad customer base spread across the globe, and it provides services through its online portal.
State of California identifies Lopez Dam as “high-hazard”
June 14, 2017
San Luis Obispo County's Lopez Dam near Arroyo Grande is a “high-hazard” reservoir, according to an recent assessment conducted by the state of California.
Earlier this year, the Oroville Dam's primary spillway suffered damage and began to erode. Then the emergency spillway failed which prompted evacuations of more than 180,000 Northern California residents.
Failures at the Oroville Dam prompted the California Division of Safety of Dams to reevaluate large spillways at high-hazard dams. The agency determined Lopez Dam may have potential geologic, structural or performance issues with its spillway, according to a letter from the Division of Safety of Dams to the San Luis Obispo County Flood Control District.
The state agency has reportedly identified more than 50 “high-hazard” dams in California. Whale Rock Reservoir near Cayucos is reportedly on the list, as well.
State officials are requesting that SLO County perform a comprehensive assessment of Lopez Dam's spillway as soon as possible. The assessment should include an evaluation of the concrete lining, the existing drainage system and the potential for slab undermining and hydraulic jacking.
Dam safety official say they may also require a spillway site investigation. The investigation should focus on identifying potential geologic hazards associated with the spillway, including foundation materials beneath and adjacent to the spillway, as well as their susceptibility to erosion and instability.
The state is ordering the county to submit a work plan by September 1. Dam safety officials say any damage to Lopez Dam's spillway must be repaired before the next flood season.
Loading...
10 to watch in 2017
Hard as it tries to move on from a phony account-opening scandal that exploded into public view 15 months ago, Wells Fargo just can't seem to stay out of the headlines.Over the past several months, the retail banking giant has been hit with a class-action lawsuit alleging that it improperly adjusted the terms of mortgage loans for borrowers who were in bankruptcy, acknowledged charging some 500,000 car-loan customers for auto insurance they did not want or need , and found, after an internal review, an additional 1.4 million accounts opened without customers' permission, bringing the total to 3.5 million.Keeping Wells Fargo honest is priority No. 1 for Elizabeth “Betsy” Duke, the bank's incoming board chair and one of American Banker's 10 people to watch for 2018. A former banker and Federal Reserve governor, Duke will become of the few female chairs at a large U.S.-based bank and the first-ever at the $1.7 trillion-asset Wells. Few would doubt her credentials, but doubts linger as to whether Duke, who joined Wells' board in 2015, is independent enough to do what's needed to help Wells regain the trust of employees and customers.Other big players to watch in 2018 are fintechs in banking. Among the biggest of the disruptors is Square and Jack Dorsey, its founder and CEO, who stands at the center of the debate over whether fintechs deserve to be granted a bank charter.Others to watch in 2018 include Terry Turner at Pinnacle Financial in Nashville, John Ciulla at Webster Bank in Waterbury, Conn., and Margaret Keane at Synchrony Financial.Some are in new roles or replacing legends, others are embracing new strategies or eyeing big deals and at least one is currently out of banking — but could soon resurface. Here are the industry executives to keep an eye on in 2018.
Starting Monday, TweetFind Twitter Directory will introduce Pro Listings.
The Free Listings option still will be available. The Pro Listings will give Twitter users the ability to display 10 keywords, website addresses, blogs, phone numbers and Google Maps. The new Pro Listings will cost $20 a year (yearly review fee).
“After three years, we have decided to give users the ability to enhance their TweetFind Listing by opting for the new Pro Listings option,” said Ruben Orozco, founder of Santa Barbara-based TweetFind. “Pro Listings are a great tool for people looking to get the whole picture of a Twitter user's social web credentials, interests, reach and contact information.”
The improved Pro Listings will allow all Tweetfind users to market themselves and their businesses by allowing them to display more information.
Visitors to TweetFind are offered a different experience than they get from traditional Twitter directories. TweetFind visitors can browse through 35 categories, including business, entertainment, technology, sports, celebrities on Twitter, and news. Additionally, TweetFind lets users view category-specific Twitter lists and Twitter search with Klout & PeerIndex Scores as well as related Twitter accounts.
From any page on the site, visitors can perform a Twitter search to find and reply to experts and interesting “tweets” from thousands of Twitter lists and Twitter users. People looking for Twitter followers or just visitors to TweetFind can also browse the Top 100 TweetFind users, the Top Twitter Lists and the Top Twitter Tends.
— Ruben Orozco is the founder of TweetFind.
Different industries from all over the world are nowadays struggling with the economy. As the basic market goes down, people struggle to keep up with the cost of living, and thus they cannot spend as freely as they thought they would and as frequently as they usually do. Nowadays people invest fewer dollars or buying anything luxurious. However, still, there are some people who buy them. This article presents a brief description of what trailers are and their advantages.
Driving caravans
Travel trailers are also known as caravans. They are basically just like a very small yet cosy house that is attachedto a wheel. These are a perfect space for living and sleeping comfortably and travelling at the same time too. You can consider them as a perfect tool forincreasing space. Road trips might become a bit difficult without trailers. It will be like you are at home even while you are travelling.
As a matter of fact, Oasis Travel Trailer is so comfortable and cosy that people have considered the vehicle itself as their home.
Sizes of these trailers
The sizes of trailers might vary,and you can get any size you want. For instance, you can have a tiny trailer with cramped space, or you can even have a big trailer with lots of space and luxury. Trips on a trailer are highly adventurous,and everyone should do it at least once in a while. It saves you a lot of stuff. For instance, if you are thinking of camping somewhere, these trailers save you the requirement or need of building a tent for camping.
No need of packing
For some people packing is the most dreadful thing to do during travelling. However, if you have a trailer,you do not have the need for packing and travelling. The best thing about trailers is that you can have and keep all the things you love during travelling at the same place.
Variety kinds of trailers available
There are many kinds of travel trailers for sale. However, not all of them are meant for living in. some people use trailers for the purpose of a food truck as well. However, if you are thinking of buying one just make sure you find out everything about that model and make the best use out of it.
Leicester boss Craig Shakespeare has warned the Foxes against falling for Atletico Madrid's gamesmanship.
The 53-year-old has urged his side to keep their cool ahead of Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final second leg at the King Power Stadium.
Leicester lost last week's first leg 1-0 after Antoine Griezmann's controversial penalty but are set to welcome back captain Wes Morgan after he missed the last six games with a back injury.
Morgan watched on in Madrid with Atletico boss Diego Simeone and the hosts keen to see Jamie Vardy booked - which would have forced him out of the second leg - while sports scientist Tom Joel was sent from the dugout after the Atletico bench complained when he tried to hand out water to Marc Albrighton.
But Shakespeare wants his side to be streetwise when they try to overturn a 1-0 deficit for a place in the semi finals.
He said: "Our players have to be smart, we have to take our own house and get that in order, we can't worry about the opposition's bench - we'll let the officials take care of that.
"We have to be mindful in terms of us being smart and our game management has to be good. We have to be aware of all those things. Ultimately we have to get our own house in order.
"We will focus on ourselves but be aware of Atletico. We know what we have to do and we can't sit back for 90 minutes because we need to score.
"There are different ways and come the game we'll find out if we've found a solution."
Morgan is set to return after coming through training following his back injury, although Shakespeare will leave the call until the morning of the game.
Leicester boss Craig Shakespeare
"The final decision will be made tomorrow. I need to see if there is no reaction," he said. "He has trained the last three training sessions in which the intensity has been greater every one.
"I am pleased with how he has progressed. I would like to find out from the player how his thoughts are. But my eyes tell me this morning we both should be fairly pleased how he has come through."
Leicester lost at the Vicente Calderon last week after referee Jonas Eriksson awarded a penalty after Griezmann was fouled by Albrighton outside of the area.
Shakespeare said last week the referee made a mistake but insisted he has moved on following the Swedish official's error.
"No it's not gnawing away, the referee gave his decision and the last thing the club and players need is me harping on about it," he said.
"We have to get on with it. The referee made his decision - although its there for everyone to see it's the wrong one. We have to make sure we're ready and focused for the game."
Shakespeare also admitted he will try to prepare his final team-talk but conceded he may let his passion boil over.
"Sometimes you can prepare yourself but sometimes the occasion and circumstances can take over. You can prepare yourself but some things you have to be reactive to," he said.
"Before the game I'd like to think I'm measured but there has to be a tinge of motivation.
"I try to get the balance right but some things cannot be manufactured, some have to be there and then. That's my intent for tomorrow and going forward."
Atletico, beaten finalists in two of the last three years, are overwhelming favourites to progress but Shakespeare believes the Foxes could cost the bookies again after their 5,000-1 Premier League triumph last season.
He said: "They've got it wrong in the past and let's hope they've got it wrong again.
"We know we start as underdogs because of the history of Madrid but we are comfortable with that we know what we have to do and let's hope we earn people a few bob."
Christian Fuchs is expected to start, Islam Slimani is struggling with a groin injury and Nampalys Mendy is sidelined with an ankle injury, while Robert Huth is banned.
And right-back Fuchs believes the Foxes can handle the pressure of another big European night because their critics expect them to fail.
"That's what everyone is expecting from us anyway, what they expected last season. We have such a great team spirit we don't let it affect us," he added.
"There's a lot of pressure all the time, this year it was fighting against relegation and we came out of that. We're just looking forward to the game and trying to give everything.
"We just enjoy the time we have. We might never be here again. We might be at some point again, but right now it is simply this one game that we have and we try to give everything to be successful."
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — A fatal pedestrian crash involving a self-driving Uber SUV in a Phoenix suburb could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology as automakers and other companies race to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the first death involving a full autonomous test vehicle. The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it struck 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she was walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk in Tempe, police said.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The ride-sharing company has been testing self-driving vehicles for months as it competes with other technology companies and automakers like Ford and General Motors.
Though many in the industries had been dreading a fatal crash they knew it was inevitable.
Advertisement
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't determined fault but urged people to use crosswalks. He told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as she stepped on to the street.
Neither she nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, he said.
"The pedestrian was outside of the crosswalk, so it was midblock," Elcock said. "And as soon as she walked into the lane of traffic, she was struck by the vehicle."
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is cooperating with investigators.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles. It may turn out that there was nothing either the vehicle or its human backup could have done to avoid the crash, he said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Self-driving vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements. Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when his car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
___
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Felicia Fonseca in Flagstaff, Arizona, contributed to this story.
Year 5 pupils at Saltergate School pushed the boat out on their school project.
The youngsters at the Harrogate-based school sent 48 letters asking the Mayor Coun Anne Jones to ask if they could launch Long Boats, made during their Viking project, on the Valley Gardens boating lake.
The Mayor, who was also invited along to see the sailing, said: “The letters were beautifully written and very persuasive!
“Permission was granted and the Parks team at HBC cleared the lake ready for use.”
The pupils, who had visited Yorvik Viking Museum during their topic, welcomed the Mayor at the lake.
“I popped down the the Valley Gardens to check how things had gone and which boat had won the floating exercise,” added Coun Jones.
“It was a fabulous project, well executed with a fine result by the lovely pupils of Saltergate, they are a credit to the school.”
Spencer Platt/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Lawyers for President Donald Trump's longtime personal attorney Michael Cohen are racing to review millions of files seized by the FBI in last month's raids of his home, office and hotel room, but they say they are running out of time.
In a hearing in Manhattan on Wednesday, Judge Kimba Wood of the Southern District of New York set a deadline of June 15 to complete their review, despite strenuous objections from Cohen's legal team.
Cohen's lawyers said they have about 3.7 million files to sift through, but they are only about a third of the way to completion.
“We are moving heaven and earth,” said Todd Harrison, one of Cohen's attorneys. “We have people sleeping on couches. We are working around the clock.”
Steven Ryan, Cohen's lead counsel, told the judge “I need more time” and lobbied — unsuccessfully — for a mid-July deadline. The judge said she needed to balance the need for a careful review with the need to move the case forward and noted that the special master, who is also reviewing documents as they are produced by the government, had no problem “speeding up as necessary.”
If Cohen's legal team is unable to complete their review, Judge Wood said she would assign any remaining material to a government “taint team,” a group of federal prosecutors not directly involved in the case, to decide what if any material is subject to the attorney-client privilege.
Federal prosecutors also revealed for the first time that among the items seized Cohen last months was a shredding machine, the contents of which are among the only items that the government has not yet turned over to the special master or Cohen's legal team.
Federal prosecutors declined to comment on whether they would try to reassemble the contents of the shredder before turning them over or whether the very existence of a shredding machine necessitated the search warrant out of fear Cohen was attempting to destroy evidence. In defending the raids, the Justice Department has previously expressed concern that “absent a search warrant, these records could have been deleted without record, and without recourse for the law enforcement.”
The hearing was otherwise dominated by Michael Avenatti, the firebrand attorney who represents adult-film star Stormy Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford. Avenatti has taken to Twitter in recent weeks to accuse both Cohen and Trump of various forms of corruption unrelated to the civil case Daniels filed against Trump in California, and he has sought to intervene in the federal case against Cohen in New York while using court appearances to continue his public crusade against them.
Avenatti is not admitted to the bar in New York State, so he filed paperwork asking the judge to allow him to appear in court specifically for this case, but the judge made it clear that would she would not tolerate any attempts by Avenatti to seek “publicity” from his appearance in her courtroom.
“You will not be able to use this court as a platform,” Judge Wood said. “Until you are admitted here I don't expect you to be heard. I can't control what you do outside.”
Cohen's attorney Ryan accused Avenatti of self-interested grandstanding, saying Avenatti's release of some of Cohen's financial records amounted to a “premeditated drive-by shooting” of Cohen's rights.
“He is involved in ways that call attention to himself,” Ryan said in opposition to Avenatti's motion to be admitted. “This is about the aggrandizement of a single attorney.”
An attorney for President Trump, Joanna Hendon, joined Cohen's in seeking to keep Avenatti out of the case, saying Avenatti “is prepared to be not straightforward” with the court and accusing him of being “cute” with the facts.
Avenatti denied doing anything improper and complained about audio recordings of a conversation between Cohen and Daniels' prior lawyer Keith Davidson that were leaked to the Wall Street Journal. Ryan, however, assured the judge that any audio tapes in his possession remain “under lock and key.”
Shortly after the hearing, Avenatti withdrew his application for admission without prejudice, meaning he could choose to renew the motion at a later time, though he does not appear to be stepping back from the case.
He took to Twitter on Wednesday afternoon, promising to continue to “bring the facts and evidence to the American people.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Aston Villa favourite Alan McInally feels sorry for Steve Bruce - but remains convinced he is the right man for the job.
McInally was speaking after last night's 3-1 home defeat to Barnsley made it five Championship defeats on the spin for Bruce.
Speaking to Sky Sports, the former striker warned that Bruce will not be able to transform the club over night and needs time.
“I still think Steve Bruce is a genuinely good appointment," he said. "Steve has come in and re-arranged the whole thing.
“I feel sorry for him because as soon as someone like Steve takes a job, you expect an immediate change, much like Sam Allardyce.
“But it's a big job is Aston Villa. It's not going to be overnight.
“I think last night's result has put them on the back foot. They need to get results, end of. The result is no more than disastrous.
“But let's not paint it too much more than it should be. It's a very bad result.
“Steve will be scratching his head this morning thinking how has the team I've put out not got a result against Barnsley. He even took two of their players!”
McInally reckons Villa are now feeling the effects of ‘mismanagement' in the past.
He thinks his old club have wasted money on players who aren't pulling their weight in claret and blue.
“Villa fans will not be happy because the club is going through a massive change at the moment,” he said.
“The mismanagement in terms of the money that has been spent on some of the players has not been good enough, end of.
“There's a couple of people who worked at Villa before, who have managed to get out of the club completely unscathed.
“What they're done at the football club, I'm led to believe, is mismanagement at the top level.”
The deadline to register to vote in the upcoming June primary election is approaching quickly.
The election department office must receive applications that are mailed in or dropped off by May 15. The office located at 965 Trade Drive, near Martin Luther King Boulevard and Cheyenne Avenue, and on the first floor of the County Government Center at 500 South Grand Central Parkway in downtown will be open from 8 a.m. until 9 p.m. on that day to accommodate anyone needing to drop off applications.
After May 15, voters can register to vote in person, or by completing a registration online through the Nevada Secretary of State's website.
In-person voter registration at an election department office will be available until the close of business on May 22. The election offices will have special hours leading up to the deadline, including May 19 from 8 a.m. until 7 p.m., May 19 through May 22 from 8 a.m. until 9 p.m.
Online voter registration will be available until the end of day May 24.
The 2018 primary election is on June 12, with early voting from May 26 through June 8. The general election is on Nov. 6 with early voting from Oct. 20 through Nov. 2.
To check if you are registered to vote, enter your personal information in the "registered voter services box" on the election website.
Voters are also encouraged to help save money by choosing to receive their sample ballot by email instead of regular mail. To do this, go to the election website, enter your name and other information in the "registered voter services" box, click "log-in" and select "request my sample ballot electronically."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
By Greg Sargent
The 100-day mark of the Donald Trump presidency is approaching, and his aides are worried that the media narrative will depict his historically awful lack of accomplishments with highly unflattering levels of accuracy. But don't tell that to President Trump.
He knows the real problem is that the news media won't acknowledge how terrific the start to his presidency has actually been in comparison with his loser predecessors:
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
A new Gallup poll out this morning, however, strongly suggests that an increasing number of Americans just don't believe Trump's spin about his presidency anymore.
It finds that only 45 per cent of Americans think Trump keeps his promises, down from 62 per cent in February, an astonishing slide of 17 points:
Note that the drop has been 11 points among Republicans and 9 points among conservatives. Meanwhile, among Americans overall, there has been a 7-point drop in those who think Trump can bring about the change this country needs, from 53 per cent to 46 per cent, and a 6-point drop in those who think that Trump is honest and trustworthy, from 42 per cent to 36 per cent.
Trump's failure to fulfill his promises is worrying to Republicans, too. The Washington Post reports that Republicans, eyeing the 2018 elections, are fretting that Trump has achieved "no major legislative victory," which cuts against his promise to execute "beautiful" deals in Washington. As GOP pollster Frank Luntz puts it, Trump and Republicans must post "a record of accomplishment," because "if you don't, no rhetoric will fix it."
Meanwhile, Republican Tom Cole (R-Okla.) commits full-blown heresy, warning: "We can't blame this on Barack Obama. We have to look in the mirror." (Can we have that in writing, Tom?)
Continued below.
Related Content Tim Roxborogh: High fives and flying high on the GC Help, my husband and I are financially incompatible Small Business: The guilt-free makeup brand - Mellow Cosmetics
It's important, however, to drill down with more precision on what it really means that Trump is failing to "keep his promises." There are several ways this is occurring, and they are distinct from one another.
First, Trump is explicitly adopting policy goals that contradict black-letter promises (the GOP health-care plan that he championed would roll back coverage for 24 million people and deeply cut Medicaid, after he vowed "insurance for everybody" and promised not to cut Medicaid).
Second, he is failing to unite the party to accomplish generally promised goals (Republicans have yet to pass anything that can satisfy the baseline need to be described as "repeal and replace").
Third, other general promises may be in the process of running aground, or just disintegrating, now that the difficulties of translating them into detailed policy are proving that the original promises were unrealistic, rooted in bad faith or outright fantasies.
The travel ban is blocked in part because the true motives behind the measure - combined with the lack of any serious rationale for it - put it in legal jeopardy.
Ambitious tax reform may founder due to GOP divisions over specifics.
The promise of massive infrastructure spending may shrivel into an unambitious, cronyist tax-break-and-privatisation scheme.
The bluster about China and trade and NATO and the Export-Import Bank is all getting retracted in the face of factual reality.
The vow not to touch entitlements cannot be squared with the ideological imperatives of congressional Republicans, so it has quietly been put in a drawer.
More broadly, Trump is generally moving away from the "economic populism" that was supposed to make him different from other Republicans and increasingly embracing a more-orthodox GOP governing approach (while doubling down on Trumpism's nativism and xenophobia).
Meanwhile, that approach is itself proving to having been based on unrealistic promises. (Many congressional Republicans are not actually willing to roll back coverage for millions while deeply cutting taxes for the rich, it turns out; GOP fiscal priorities are deeply unpopular, and - as I believe we will discover during the coming budgetary and tax reform debates - mathematically unworkable.)
Many pundits are ascribing a number of Trump's recent reversals to a learning process, in which Trump is discovering that our challenges are much more complicated than he originally thought and is evolving accordingly. But as Brian Beutler points out, what all this really demonstrates is that the original slate of false promises and assumptions is failing him.
As my attempted taxonomy of Trump's broken vows suggests, different groups of voters may be basing their conclusion that Trump isn't keeping his promises on different things. But at bottom, this all originates with the increasingly undeniable reality that much of what he campaigned on was based on one sort of lie or another.
TRUMP VOTERS WONDER WHEN THEY'LL SEE THE 'WINNING'
The New York Times talks to voters in a Pennsylvania swing district that narrowly backed Trump and finds glimmers of dissatisfaction with Trump:
Many still trust him, but wonder why his deal-making instincts do not seem to be translating. They admire his zeal, but are occasionally baffled by his tweets ... Perhaps most forcefully, they question when they will begin to see more of that word they were promised, the outcome that voters were supposed to be "sick and tired of" by now, in Mr. Trump's campaign estimation. Winning.
Silly voters. Don't they know that Trump's administration has had (as he has told us) one of the most tremendously successful starts in US history?
PENCE VOWS AN END TO 'STRATEGIC PATIENCE':
Tensions with North Korea are escalating, and in an interview with CNN, Vice President Pence explains the administration's new approach:
"We're going to abandon the failed policy of strategic patience. But we're going to redouble our efforts to bring diplomatic and economic pressure to bear on North Korea. Our hope is that we can resolve this issue peaceably."
But in reality, Trump has played the situation militarily as cautiously as his predecessors did. By the way, can you please stop the president from tweeting about this situation?
HOW TO READ TOMORROW'S SPECIAL ELECTION
Nate Silver predicts that Democrat Jon Ossoff probably won't win tomorrow's special election with 50 percent outright, and after that, the runoff is anyone's guess. Here's how to interpret the final results:
An Ossoff win would unambiguously be good news for Democrats. But a narrow loss could be anywhere from disappointing to encouraging for them, depending on the margin and whether you think 2016 represented the new normal in the district. If judged by its 2012 results, merely coming within single digits in Georgia 6 would count as a decent result for Democrats, as was the case in a special election in the Kansas's 4th Congressional District last week.
Silver forecasts that if Ossoff falls short of the 50 percent needed to win outright on Tuesday, he has a 50-50 chance of winning the runoff.
TRUMP ERA PRODUCES MASSIVE SURGE OF FUNDRAISING
Bloomberg Politics reports that campaigns for the 2018 House races have hauled in a record $96.1 million in the first quarter of 2017:
That's a 45 percent increase over the $66.2 million raised during the same period two years ago, the previous record. The maximum contribution amount to campaigns was the same during both periods. Republican incumbents and challengers raised $49.8 million, while Democrats pulled in $46.3 million.
For now, they're at parity. One big question will be whether this surging energy produces more turnout on the Democratic side, as happened in last week's Kansas special election.
CORPORATE AMERICA BREAKS WITH TRUMP ON CLIMATE
Axios reports that corporations seem to be increasingly at odds with Trump on his vow to pull us out of the Paris climate accord:
In a shift that is changing the debate, the biggest and most important U.S. energy companies are now dropping their resistance to a global climate deal. Broader corporate backing of global action on climate change is helping push President Trump away from his campaign promise to pull out of the climate deal, which was struck by nearly 200 nations in Paris two years ago to slow the growth of global greenhouse gas emissions.
We keep hearing that Trump is increasingly responsive to business leaders, which is supposed to prove he's being more sensible. Let's hope this applies in this area in particular.
TRUMP'S FALSE PROMISES ABOUT JOBS
Paul Krugman punctures Trump's false promises about restoring coal and manufacturing jobs, and adds:
While we can't stop job losses from happening, however, we can limit the human damage when they do happen. We can guarantee health care and adequate retirement income for all. We can provide aid to the newly unemployed. And we can act to keep the overall economy strong - which means doing things like investing in infrastructure and education, not cutting taxes on rich people and hoping the benefits trickle down.
Trump is selling false promises about bringing jobs roaring back and trying to help Republicans cut the safety net (while cutting taxes on the rich), which could produce a doubly cruel outcome.
- Washington Post
(WJBF) – Tens of thousands of young people brought to America illegally as children faced a tough deadline yesterday.
For many of them, it was the last chance to renew their application to stay and work in the U.S. after the Trump administration announced it's ending the DACA program.
Last month Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the end of the program.
That eventually led to protests across the country.
President Donald Trump gave lawmakers six months to come up with a fix for the program, but Congress is currently focused on tax reform.
(ABC NEWS) – At least one person is dead and seven others are injured after a driver drove into patrons at a restaurant in a suburb northeast of Paris, a French Interior Minister spokesperson told ABC News.
The spokesperson said the car intentionally plowed into the terrace of a pizzeria in Sept-Sorts. Five people were badly injured, while two others were only slightly wounded.
A suspect has been arrested, according to the spokesperson. The motive is unknown at this time.
Today's welcome of Governor General Dame Patsy Reddy to Waitangi at the start of this year's commemorations was something of a trial run for the official welcome on the upper marae tomorrow.
Organisers say there is a change this year in the way that Ngapuhi will host, including what they are hoping will be the end of the historic protests.
In previous years, poor behaviour was not uncommon, including mudslinging, pushing and shoving at the gates of Te Tii Marae and media being locked out.
Official events have been moved to the Treaty Grounds this year, where the Governor General was welcomed today.
The Ivorian government, represented by the Minister of Finance and Economy, today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Visa, to digitize government services and ensure financial services are accessible to more Africans.
Adama Koné, the Minister of Finance and Economy and Andrew Torre, Visa's Regional President for Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa (CEMEA) signed the MOU, at a ceremony held in Abidjan, in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Commerce President's Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa (PAC-DBIA) fact-finding mission.
Speaking at the signing ceremony, Andrew Torre said: “This MOU signing represents an important milestone in our ongoing cooperation with the Ivorian government. It is a major step forward in our effort to bring more Ivorians into the formal financial system with all the associated benefits. Our shared vision for enhancing the quality of services and employing the latest payment technologies makes this partnership a great opportunity for Ivorians, the financial services industry, merchants and the government alike. The use of electronic payments will bring greater payment security and convenience to Ivorian families, while lowering costs and bringing increased transparency to the financial system.”
Visa is the first global payments provider to open an office in the region. The company has been working closely with local governments, financial institutions and merchants across UEMOA, CEMAC & the entire Western & Central Africa area to bring the benefits of innovative electronic payments to the region, including its security, mobile and consulting capabilities.
Minister of Finance and Economy of Cote D'Ivoire, Mr. Adama Koné, said: “We consider this MOU a breakthrough in our greater plans for the development of Cote D'Ivoire by 2020. It reflects the government's resolve to address the challenges and improve the lives of Ivorians by collaborating with companies like Visa. It is a testament that we are seeking international standards when it comes to the services offered to our citizens.”
The Ivorian government will work with Visa to review current financial services programs in the country and create informed action plans to aid adoption of electronic payments. With this agreement, Visa is making six commitments.
– To roll out Visa Mobile push payments for the more than 1.1 million cocoa, coffee and cashew nuts farmers whose work amounts to 20% of Cote D'Ivoire's GDP. For the first time these farmers will be able to make and accept digital payment on their mobile device and transfer funds directly from bank account to bank account.
And by being connected to a bank via an app, they will be able to apply for the credit and loans they need to help grow their businesses
– To enable around 35,000 transit vehicles to accept mobile payments, helping the transport sector flow more efficiently by minimizing queues and ensuring the payment of all journeys
– To work with Cote d'Ivoire's government to assess and develop government prepaid solutions for student scholarships and government employees' salaries and travel expenses
– To partner with Cote D'Ivoire's more than 200 post offices to digitize aid and support for the elderly and less privileged, as well as helping people pay digitally for their utilities and government services bills as part of the “House of Citizen” program of the Cote d'Ivoire Post Office
– To work with the government to assess the potential for a pilot financial education program for government employees and departments, and evaluate the introduction of financial education into the national curriculum in schools; and
– To evaluate enabling cardholder authentication via mobile app or sms, using a National ID database with a Unique National Identification number for each of the 23.7 million Ivorians to provide them with faster access to services, and connect them to the formal financial system.
“These investments are real and meaningful, and they will have far greater reach and impact than only in Cote D'Ivoire, as they will serve as a model for the rest of the UEMOA region. We believe that access to a world class, global and secure payments network is essential for sustained economic growth. It supports retail sector growth, encourages travel and tourism, and enables us to invest in new technologies to support consumer inclusion. We are excited about the partnership and eager to get moving,“ Torre added.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and his colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But he says scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," he says.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
For the third time in as many weeks, Oriol Servia and Juan Pablo Montoya were all smiles after completing a test of the universal aero kit destined for all Verizon IndyCar Series entries in 2018.
Last week, the veteran driver duo ran laps on Iowa Speedway in the new Dallara kit's configuration that will be used on short ovals, road courses and street circuits next season. The test followed successful outings at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on July 25 (in the superspeedway configuration) and August 1 at Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course (in the short oval/road/street configuration).
In addition to confirmation testing of the universal aero kit's general performance on the 0.894-mile oval, the drivers also tried various downforce levels available within the kit configuration to help to sanction body INDYCAR determine the best set-up for when the series returns to race at Iowa in 2018.
“It's interesting how you can run the same lap time and in one [downforce level]you're completely flat out and the other one you are lifting [off the accelerator in the turns],” said Montoya, driving a Chevrolet-powered Dallara IR-12 prepared by Team Penske and equipped with the universal kit. “We're trying to understand what's the best way to bring the best racing.”
Lower downforce kit preferred
Servia and Montoya – who have combined to start nearly 300 Indy car races, not to mention Montoya's 13 seasons split between Formula One and NASCAR – preferred the lower downforce level and said it would deliver more exciting racing for drivers and fans alike.
“It was very consistent, especially if we end up going on the lower downforce package,” said Servia, driving the car powered by a Honda and prepared by Schmidt Peterson Motorsports. “You have to drive it, which is fun. You have to lift and you're still doing the same lap speed [as with more downforce], which is interesting. Exact same lap speed.”
Yet, because most of the downforce from the universal kit is generated underneath the car instead of on top via wings and winglets, there's less air disturbance for a trailing car, which should present more passing opportunities. The test drivers found that to be the case again today when they ran laps together on the Iowa bullring.
“I was able to run a decent distance behind Juan Pablo, and the car just loses a little bit of grip but [with]a four-tire kind of slide,” Servia said. “It's not like the front loses a lot of [grip]or the rear loses a lot, which is the problem with the current car.”
The higher downforce level run today with the universal kit was similar to what series cars generated with the current aero kits supplied by Chevrolet and Honda during last month's Iowa Corn 300 weekend. The lower downforce level tested was about a 20-percent reduction from what was used at this year's race.
“When you run wide open [in the new kit with higher downforce]the thing is like 7 mph difference between the corners and the straight,” Montoya explained. “The other one [new kit with less downforce]is like 20 mph difference, so you get to see acceleration out of the corners and I think it's going to create better racing.”
Coming on the heels of equally successful tests at Indy and Mid-Ohio, INDYCAR officials remain pleased with the process and progress.
“Again, the idea was to check off boxes and we did all the boxes we wanted to,” said Bill Pappas, INDYCAR vice president of competition/race engineering.
“We wanted to analyze the downforce level we've been running here the last couple years versus what we thought was a target lower downforce, and both drivers responded favorably to the lower downforce. They thought they were able to drive the car a bit more, rather than hanging on, so that was very encouraging. As far as running in traffic, the car never felt like it was going to get away from them – spin out or have any issues with stability. They were both very happy about that.”
Montoya, a two-time Indianapolis 500 winner known for his honest answers, didn't hold back in his praise for the universal aero kit.
“The new '18 cars seems really good,” he said. “I think looking to the future with this is pretty exciting.”
Metro Police said one person was killed in a crash at Hualapai Way and Sahara Avenue Tuesday night. (Photo: FastCam)
Metro Police said one person was killed in a crash at Hualapai Way and Sahara Avenue Tuesday night. (Photo: Gai Phanalasy / FOX5)
The Clark County Coroner's Office identified the couple killed in a crash at Hualapai Way and Sahara Avenue in the west Las Vegas Valley Tuesday night.
Damaso Puente 39, and Christa Puente, 33, of Jean died of blunt force trauma in the accident, the coroner said Wednesday.
The driver who hit their car survived, but was arrested at the hospital, on suspicion of driving impaired.
Officers were called to the scene at 9:08 p.m. Tuesday. Captain Nick Farese of Metro's traffic detail said a 2010 Toyota Prius was stopped at a red light eastbound on Sahara Avenue approaching Hualapai when it was hit from behind by a 2013 Mercedes.
Farese said the driver of the Mercedes, identified as 23-year-old Henry Aparicio, was driving at a high speed, and impairment was a factor in the crash. Damaso and Christa Puente, described as a couple, died on the scene. Aparicio and a passenger, 23-year-old Morgan Hurley, were transported to UMC with minor and moderate injuries.
"They were doing absolutely nothing wrong," Farese said at the scene. "And now their loved ones have to bury them because of the irresponsibility of another driver."
“It was a wild accident,” Calvin Beaulieu, who witnessed the crash, said. “I saw about 10 cop cars driving up this street, I was driving down the street too as they were coming up, literally right when it was happening.”
“It doesn't make any sense you know use Uber,” Beaulieu said. “It's more convenient than what happened last night it's very sad. I've been hit by two drunk drivers myself head on, just being in the wrong place wrong time, it's scary.”
Farese urged drivers not to drive impaired and to follow the speed limit.
“It's getting to that point they maybe need more sober check points,” Beaulieu said. “It's Vegas, everyone drives drunk and it's getting really bad.”
Metro did not clarify whether the driver was under the influence of narcotics or alcohol.
One decision ruined multiple lives! Police release this photo of the man they said caused a crash near the Sahara and Hualapai killing a couple stopped at a red light. @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/WQRjCd7wVi — Chernéy Amhara (@CherneyAmharaTV) May 16, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Highlights Top ingredients of the season that every beauty aficionado needs to know
Elastin is a protein found in any elastic connective tissue in the body
AHAs are best for normal-to-dry or sun-damaged skin
: Collagen is a protein produced by our cells that helps “hold” the skin together. Collagen keeps the skin looking younger and giving it firmness and elasticity. When we are young, our skin stays plump and smooth because it constantly regenerates itself. But as we age, collagen production slows – and existing collagen can get damaged due to sun exposure and unhealthy skin habits. This results in wrinkles and sagging skin. Collagen infused products help smoothen the appearance of wrinkles and fine lines.Another protein present in the skin which is as important as collagen, Elastin is a protein found in any elastic connective tissue in the body. It is responsible for the ability of the skin to resume original shape after being stretched. The proportion of Elastin in the skin usually peeks in adolescence or early adulthood and declines thereafter. Beauty products with Elastin restore the skins with its natural firmness and bounce.As body collagen declines, the appearance of wrinkles and discoloration becomes more visible. Maximizing collagen levels will keep your skin supple. Hyaluronic acid keeps collagen synthesis up and helps retain skin moisture.Derived from cane sugar, glycolic acid has the smallest molecules in the AHA group. This property ensures that it penetrates the skin deeply and easily, making it the most effective ingredient for treating fine lines, acne, blackheads , dullness and oiliness.While salicylic acid lotions are not for everyone, they can benefit many skin types when used appropriately. When applied, the lotion causes the uppermost layer of skin to swell, soften and then peel, removing dead skin cells leaving you with fresh, bright skin.This component of vitamin B3 has been shown to increase ceramide and free fatty acid levels in skin, thereby preventing skin from losing water content and stimulating microcirculation in the dermis. It also has a growing reputation for being able to lighten skin discolorations and reduce acne.: Simply put, it helps your skin produce better, healthier skin cells while increasing the amount of skin-support substances. It has been shown to increase the skin's collagen production and glycosaminoglycan content, resulting in firmer skin with an improved texture and enhanced barrier function.: AHAs are best for normal-to-dry or sun-damaged skin because they help bind moisture and improve healthy collagen production and smooth an uneven skin texture. BHA is best for normal-to-oily or breakout-prone skin while also being excellent for reducing redness from rosacea.Like any antioxidant, resveratrol has incredible protective benefits for the skin. When applied topically, resveratrol protects against sun damage, improves collagen synthesis and reduces cell damage.: Found in the spice turmeric , it has potent anti-inflammatory properties, both internally and externally. It also works to suppress excess melanin production in the presence of sunlight and will help reduce chronic inflammation, irritation and sun damage that makes your skin look dull.Disclaimer:The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability, or validity of any information on this article. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Ashley Banjo wife: Who is Francesca Abbott, the Diversity dancer's childhood girlfriend
By Alice Westoby
Ashley Banjo is becoming a favourite on our TV screens thanks to the Full Monty and the Big NHS singalong - but who is his wife? Details revealed.
You have probably heard of Diversity dancing sensation Ashley Banjo, the head of the group that rose to fame as the winners of Britain's Got Talent.
But you may not have heard of his wife Francesca Abbott, or even knew he was married!
Read more: BGT was hit by fix claims after Ashley Banjo's group make the finals
Who is is Francesca Abbott?
Francesca Abbott is the wife of Diversity star Ashley Banjo.
She is originally a dancer but is now also a talent manager and uses her experiences of performing in the showbiz industry to help her manage talent.
Ashley's wife has previously performed in dance group Out Of The Shadows which are the sister group of Diversity.
The group's official Facebook says: "Out Of The Shadows have the same work ethos and history as the guys of Diversity, amd they are choreographed by Ashley Banjo, lead dancer and choreographer of Diversity.
"Their performance is dynamic, entertaining and most importantly, memorable."
A post shared by Ashley Banjo (@ashleybanjogram) onMay 15, 2018 at 5:39am PDT
How long have Francesca Abbott and Ashley Banjo been together?
The pair is reportedly childhood sweethearts and have been romantically linked since age 16.
They tied the knot at a star studded ceremony in Essex in 2015 after only 6 months of engagement.
President Edgar Lungu has appointed Patriotic Front PF deputy spokesperson Frank Bwalya as Zambia's High Commissioner to Australia.
President Lungu has congratulated the former priest on his appointment to the diplomatic mission.
And President Lungu says that the appointments into Foreign Service are a preserve of the president.
He says that he is therefore, greatly concerned that there is a perception that when one has been appointed into Foreign Service, they will be there permanently.
Mr. Lungu says that those serving in Foreign Service, once their tour of duty has come to an end, will be recalled and either redeployed locally or abroad.
The head of state was speaking on Friday morning when he swore in Mr. Bwalya
Crowded skies ahead
Cambodia's aviation sector is gearing up for another big year, with tourist traffic growing and at least half a dozen carriers looking to register for a limited number operating permits.
Keo Sivorn, director-general of the State Secretariat of Civil Aviation (SSCA), said the agency is reviewing the documentation of two airlines that have applied for air operator's certificates (AOCs), while another two airlines have received preliminary government approval and are expected to file for operating permits soon. In addition, at least two more airlines are reportedly considering establishing local operations.
“We are now reviewing the AOC applications of Lan Mei Airlines and JC Airlines,” he said yesterday. “To receive an AOC, the airlines must prove they have sufficient capacity for flight operations and human resources, as well as correct documentation.”
Sivorn said that as a member of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), Cambodia only had the time and resources to approve two to three AOCs per year. “ICAO audits us annually, so we must strictly and carefully follow international aviation regulations,” he said.
According to Ministry of Tourism data, more than 2.1 million tourists arrived in Cambodia by air during the first 10 months of 2016, a 7.3 percent increase over the previous year.
Cambodia is currently served by 32 international airlines and has four domestic carriers, according to Sivorn.
POSITIVE OUTLOOK: Craig Van Rooyen is breathing easier now the backpacker tax debacle has been put to bed.
WITH the calendar ticking over to 2017, Bundaberg farmers and tourism operators watched the working holiday tax rate tick over to 15%.
After a painful year of political tug-of-war, it seems they have dodged a bullet.
Craig Van Rooyen, who grows lychees, avocados and macadamias at Bingera, south of Bundaberg, said he was relieved that backpackers had not been put off.
"There are heaps still wanting to work,” Mr Van Rooyen said.
"It's been a good thing because I heard a lot of stories that if it had gone to 32(.5)% a lot of people would cancel.”
He employs 40 workers over an intense six-week period to harvest lychees which end up on shelves in Woolworths, Coles and Aldi as well as in the export market, with a roughly half-half split between locals and holiday workers.
"The hostel I partner with said 'We don't know if we can supply you with your people,'” he said of the "scary” period when the tax rate was being reviewed and debated in parliament, originally introduced as 32.5% by the Federal Government, before the 11th-hour 15% compromise.
Without on-demand backpacker labour, farmers feared fruit in the Bundaberg region would go to waste.
Thankfully, Mr Van Rooyen said, "everyone has turned up.”
What it means
From January 1, employers of working holidaymakers in Australia on a 417 or 462 visas must withhold 15% from every dollar earned up to $37,000 with foreign resident tax rates applying from $37,001, according to the Australian Tax Office.
Employers must register with the ATO by January 31 to withhold at the working holidaymaker tax rate.
If you already employ working holidaymakers you will need to issue two payment summaries (with different rates) this year - one for the period to December 31 last year and a second for any period from January 1 this year.
If you don't register, you will need to withhold at the foreign resident tax rate of 32.5%, and penalties may apply.
To register and view a tax table, head to bit.ly/2hJ3Cbu.
It's almost certain that one of these individuals will be California's next governor. Ahead of the primary on June 5, they have consistently led in fundraising and public polls. If you're still trying to make up your mind about who to vote for, these short videos on the major candidates are as good a place to start as any. For more information on the race, check out this guide to The Bee's coverage.
Democrat Gavin Newsom
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Democratic Gavin Newsom started off his political career on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. Now he's running for governor. Hawken MillerThe Sacramento Bee
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Republican John Cox
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK The attorney, accountant and businessman from Chicago, a "Jack Kemp-style" Republican, has set his sights on California's governorship. Emily Zentner & Christopher CadelagoThe Sacramento Bee
Democrat Antonio Villaraigosa
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa was a labor organizer, oversaw the state Assembly and now wants to be governor of California. Emily ZentnerThe Sacramento Bee
Democrat John Chiang
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK State Treasurer John Chiang has risen through the hierarchy of California's financial offices. Now, the Democrat wants to be governor. Emily ZentnerThe Sacramento Bee
Republican Travis Allen
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Assemblyman Travis Allen, a Huntington Beach Republican and provocative conservative voice in the Legislature, announced on June 22, 2017, that he is running for California governor. Alexei KoseffThe Sacramento Bee
Democrat Delaine Eastin
Rigid Packaging Market was valued at $498 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $786.1 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 5.9% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024. The plastics segment garnered the highest revenue share in the global rigid packaging market in 2016, holding nearly half of the market.
Rigid packaging is used extensively across industries to package the products in order to facilitate the convenience in handling the products without causing any damage. It is used to package goods in different forms such as bottles, cans, ampules, aerosol containers, aluminum bottles, and jars. Rigid plastic packaging has properties such as high impact strength, high stiffness, and high barrier properties. Without packaging, material handling would be a chaotic, inefficient and costly exercise.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/rigid-packaging-market/request-sample
Market Dynamics
Increased shelf life, increasing health consciousness, growing use of rigid packaging in pharmaceuticals segment, increasing demand for convenience food and low cost of plastic packaging are some major driving factors of rigid packaging market. Moreover, vigorously increasing international trade and progressive investments in quality packaging are also pushing the growth of the market. However, stringent government regulations across different countries are restraining the market growth. On the other hand, technical improvisations in packaging technology and shifting trend of consumers towards paper packaging can act as future opportunities to the market growth. Moreover, packaging manufacturing companies are moving beyond conventional packaging materials and methods to reduce carbon emissions of rigid plastic packaging.
Market Segmentation
The rigid packaging market is segmented on the basis of material type, end user and geography. By material type, the market is segmented into metal, plastics, paper & paperboard, glass and others. On the basis of end user, the market is segmented as food and beverages, pharmaceuticals, durable goods, cosmetics, industrial packaging and others. Geographically, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. Asia-Pacific is the largest market in terms of rigid packaging. However, Europe is expected to witness the fastest growth during the forecast period of 2016-2024.
Some major market players are Amcor Limited, Ball Corporation, Berry Plastics Corporation, DS Smith Plc., Georgia-Pacific Corporation, Holmen AB, Reynolds Group Holding, Tetra Pak International, Resilux NV and Crown Holdings, Inc.
GLOBAL RIGID PACKAGING MARKET BY TYPE, 2016 – 2024 ($ MILLION)
GLOBAL RIGID PACKAGING MARKET BY TYPE
RIGID PACKAGING MARKET SEGMENTATION
By material type
Metal
• Plastics
• Paper & paperboard
• Glass
• Others
By end-user
Food and beverages
• Pharmaceuticals
• Durable goods
• Cosmetics
• Industrial packaging
• Others
By Geography
North America
• U.S
• Canada
• Mexico
Europe
• U.K
• Italy
• France
• Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
• India
• China
• Japan
• Rest of APAC
Rest of World
• Latin America
• Middle East
• Africa
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
Amcor Limited
• Ball Corporation
• Berry Plastics Corporation
• DS Smith Plc.
• Georgia-Pacific Corporation
• Holmen AB
• Reynolds Group Holding
• Tetra Pak International
• Resilux NV
• Crown Holdings, Inc.
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/rigid-packaging-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
See more art by Randy Lewis here.
DNR doesn't mean DNR
The Journal of General Internal Medicine
reported that in October 2012, a 59-year-old man with diabetes, vascular disease, hypertension and high cholesterol was admitted to the hospital for a below-the-knee amputation due to chronic non-healing wounds of his lower extremity. A physical examination revealed a "DNR" tattoo on his chest. Reviewing this, the patient indicated he would want resuscitative efforts initiated in the event of a cardiac or respiratory arrest. Asked why his tattoo conflicted with his wishes to be resuscitated, he said he had lost at poker while drunk in earlier years; the loser had to tattoo "DNR" across his chest.
Smile and say cheese for the drone
A reader sent a picture of a drone buzzing over Takapuna beach, suggesting it was owned by a voyeur. A photographer responds: Yes, there is a great way to protect your privacy: find somewhere private. Public places are not private places. The clue is in the name. There could be many reasons for the drone flying that day, none of which were about being a voyeur. Maybe it was the start of a beach-safety programme to spot stingrays, sharks, jellyfish or other such potential dangers. Maybe it was a council-funded aerial demography survey. Or just maybe it was an early Christmas present being tested out in a safe and public environment. If the buzzing is unnecessarily annoying, or if it is flying over people or harassing or endangering them, then fair enough, that is an actionable complaint. But if it is the thought that you are being photographed or videoed in a public place then, of course, you can have no reasonable expectation of privacy when you're in public. People, buildings, children, elderly, police officers and anything and anyone else that can be seen in public can be photographed. It's a right. After all, the person complaining used that same inalienable right to photograph that drone.
Advertisement
Saved when seven bells knocked out of you
Brendan O'Gorman writes: "Saved by the bell is a boxing expression, whereby a fighter having been knocked down by his opponent toward the end of a round and being under a 10-second count, is 'saved' by the bell sounding to end the round. The expression is not from buried people having strings attached to their toes or from Robin Gibb's 1970s album."
Najib Razak, the former prime minister of Malaysia, was charged with criminal breach of trust and abuse of power on Wednesday, and pleaded not guilty in the most high-profile corruption trial in the country's history.
The charges – for which a guilty verdict could result in 20 years in jail as well as fines and caning – were linked to SRC International, a former subsidiary of 1MDB, the state investment fund from which $4.5 billion (€3.9 billion) has allegedly gone missing. Mr Najib might be exempt from caning because he is over the age of 50.
Mr Najib was granted bail for RM1m ($247,000) and must surrender his passports to authorities.
Wednesday's court proceedings were the most significant milestone yet in an escalating probe into 1MDB launched by prime minister Mahathir Mohamad immediately after ousting his former protege Mr Najib in elections in May.
The events at the high court in Kuala Lumpur heightened emotions for supporters and critics of Mr Najib. Jumilah Abdul Malek, a 55-year-old construction surveyor, was jubilant. “This is history,” she said.
Meanwhile, supporters of Mr Najib swarmed the lobby of the courthouse after the bail hearing, chanting “Malaysia!” as Tommy Thomas, attorney general, tried and failed to give a press conference.
The charges allege that in December 2014 Mr Najib, then prime minister and finance minister, was given the authority to manage RM4bn of funds at AmIslamic Bank belonging to SRC, and that he went on to commit three breaches of trust involving a total of RM42m (€8.9 million) of that money.
Mr Najib was also charged with abuse of office to gain personal gratification in the form of the RM42 million, after agreeing to a government guarantee on RM4 billion of loans from pension fund Kumpulan Wang Persaraan to SRC between August 2011 and February 2012.
Quiet plea
The former prime minister's plea was barely audible at the bail hearing, where several of his relatives, including his daughter and two of his sons, looked on. Rosmah Mansor, his wife who is also embroiled in the 1MDB investigation, did not attend.
A date for the trial will be set on August 8th, and it is expected to take place between mid-February and mid-March next year.
Judge Mohd Sofian Abd Razak agreed to a temporary gagging order requested by Muhammad Shafee Abdullah, Mr Najib's lawyer, that banned media from commenting on the merits of the case until August 8th.
“The gag order is very vague . . . I did not expect the judge to accept it,” said Mark Ho, a solicitor who was observing the bail hearing.
SRC was established in 2011 by Mr Najib to generate investment in the energy sector, but was linked to the 1MDB investigation in 2015 when it emerged that RM42 million was allegedly transferred from the company to Mr Najib's personal accounts.
Mr Najib was arrested at his personal residence in Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday and spent the night at the anti-graft commission headquarters.
Later that night a video was posted on Mr Najib's Twitter account featuring melancholic music, an apology to the country and a statement that not all allegations against him were true.
Mohamed Apandi Ali, the country's previous attorney general, had cleared Mr Najib of wrongdoing with regards to the RM42 million. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
This curated post is by Cory Galbraith, CEO & President of Webcast Canada.
He went bankrupt, worked as a ditch digger, suffered a nervous breakdown – and in later years, became insane, claiming he was in contact with aliens from other worlds.
Nikola Tesla, one of history's most mysterious and misunderstood figures, had an incredible imagination which invented alternating current, used to power homes and offices throughout the world.
Tesla was part genius, part lunatic. This largely forgotten inventor is brought back to life here to teach the secrets of creativity, innovation and the means to shape the future.
“Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born.”
Some of our best ideas come, not in meetings or through committee, but rather, in solitude. In today's world of noise and distraction, quiet reflection is to be cherished – producing powerful daydreaming, moments of “what if?” and free thought without limits. Tesla preferred to work alone and allowed his mind to wander. Remote control technology, wireless communication and robotics came from the mind of Tesla. Reserve “alone” time this week and experience great ideas coming to the fore.
“What we now want is closer contact and better understanding between individuals and communities all over the earth, and the elimination of egoism and pride which is always prone to plunge the world into primeval barbarism and strife. Peace can only come as a natural consequence of universal enlightenment.”
Tesla freed his mind of ego, pride and pettiness. He worked for and competed with Thomas Edison (whose birthday was this weekend) and went head to head with Marconi, but fought losing battles because competition was not his forte. Instead, he preferred to focus on ideas, invention and the future, and he wanted others to do the same, believing it would lead to a more peaceful, better world. It's a concept we should all embrace.
“I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success.”
While Tesla did have a laboratory, he seldom made drawings of his ideas. Instead, he would build blueprints in his head through the power of visualization. Today, many psychologists advocate visualization to help us achieve our goals and improve our well- being. World class athletes use their minds to push their bodies. Musicians hear music before they write it. It is said that Tesla could judge the dimensions of an object to a hundredth of an inch. Tell your mind to make mental rehearsals. To practice, picture physical objects and their shapes in your mind's eye, as Tesla did. Then, envision success. Research shows that playing things out in our head will provide familiarity, and better results, when done in real life.
Not all of Tesla's ideas made sense or turned into fruition.
In 1912, Tesla came up with the idea that “dull” students could become intelligent if their classroom was shocked with electricity. Later, he worked on an invention called “the thought camera” (designed to take pictures of the mind's thoughts), then on plans for what he called “the world's first flying saucer.”
This rare and remarkable photo was taken in 1894 in Tesla's laboratory. The man in the center is none other than famous author Mark Twain. In the photo, Twain – who was friends with Tesla – is seen demonstrating the use of the human body as a conductor of electricity. Tesla is the figure in the background looking on.
Nikola Tesla was an eccentric loner who never married, living in New York hotels and spending his spare time feeding pigeons, one of which he claimed he had fallen in love with.
He walked up to 10 miles a day, ending each day by curling his toes 100 times (per foot), saying it stimulated his brain cells. Tesla claimed to have slept no more than 2 hours a night.
Despite these oddities, he made it to the cover of Time Magazine in 1931 with the caption “All the world's his power house”.
Nikola Tesla, this strange man born in the Austro-Hungarian Empire (now Croatia), and made an American naturalized citizen, is responsible for powering the planet.
Today – Tesla's legacy of imagination, invention and the power of the mind – brings hope to us all.
While Tesla did make a lot of money from his hundreds of patents, many sold to Westinghouse – he died in 1943 at age 86 in a hotel room, virtually penniless. Rather than saving or investing his money, Tesla poured all of it into his inventions, many of which went nowhere. He is admired today by many people who can relate to his hard work but lack of recognition. As a sign of respect and appreciation, the original founders of Elon Musk's Tesla Motors named the company after him.
Disclosure: This is a curated column. The statements, opinions and data contained in these publications are solely those of the individual authors and contributors and not of iamwire or its editor(s). The article was originally published by the author here.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Wednesday he now has the authority to send several thousand more U.S. troops to Afghanistan, adding that a plan on how and when to deploy them should be ready next month.
Mattis said President Donald Trump on Tuesday "delegated to me the authority to set troop levels in Afghanistan. We will define the way ahead, and I will set the military commitment" in concert with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson under a new strategy to shore up the Afghan defense forces and the Kabul government.
Mattis will soon present the new strategy to Trump. "I'm talking within weeks, not months," he said. He also indicated that a major priority in the coming deployment would be to strengthen the air arm of the estimated 9,800 U.S. troops now in Afghanistan.
In testimony to the defense subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Mattis did not put a number on how many additional U.S. troops would deploy to Afghanistan, but Army Gen. John Nicholson, the U.S. commander in Afghanistan, has a long-standing request for 3,000 to 5,000.
-- Richard Sisk can be reached at Richard.Sisk@Military.com.
The next time you buy a car, the dealer may ask if you want to buy, lease or subscribe. Subscribe? That's right: The auto-buying wave of the future may be getting a new car for every season.
And the trend is starting at a handful of dealers around the country.
One dealership offering this service says it's ideal for people who are quickly bored with their car, but can't afford to trade it in.
“You're going to have one monthly payment, but you are going to have access to over 20 different vehicles," said David Wyler, president of the Jeff Wyler Auto Group.
He says customers tell him they hate being stuck in the same car for four or five years, or more. With a subscription, he says, you have options.
"You get your choice of GMC Sierras, Jeep Wranglers, Jeep Cherokees, even some midline Mercedes-Benz cars and SUVs," he said.
New car for each season
For a lot of people, Wyler says, this would be a dream come true: an SUV for January, a convertible for the summer and if you need to move a student to college, a pickup truck for a couple of weeks.
Frank Wilson, the dealership's digital manager, says you can do it all from your smartphone, choosing the car you want that month, then waiting for it to be delivered to your home by valet (they also take the old one away).
Car buyer Brittany Meyer would love to swap out her Chrysler minivan.
"It's really cool, because you always want to try multiple different types of cars," she said. "Especially when you have a big car, sometimes you want a small car."
Costs and fine print
There's just one big downside: it's not cheap: $950 a month, double most car payments.
But it includes door-to-door service, all maintenance (you'll never pay for an oil change or tires) and, most importantly, they pay all insurance and taxes.
"You'll have full-coverage insurance, no matter what car you drive," Wyler explained, so that you don't have to readjust your insurance premium every couple of months based on what you are driving.
Wyler also points out that while $950 sounds like a lot of money, a five-year loan on a $50,000 SUV can cost $900 a month, if you don't make a hefty down payment. And insurance for many people is $100 a month.
We followed a valet taking a Mercedes SUV to the wife of a dealership employee, who was one of the first to sign up (and yes, they are paying the monthly fee).
"Oh, this is awesome," she said, as the SUV arrived at her home.
Trend of the future
Don't scoff: This could be how you drive a car 10 years from now.
Automotive News predicts many dealers will eventually offer a budget version, for about $400 or $500 a month. And Quartz says automakers like Volvo and Cadillac are already offering subscriptions of their own.
Budget-minded drivers in big cities are using the service Car2Go, where you just pay for a car when you need it.
Decide you are not happy with the car you just got? Decide you made a mistake? Just turn the car in and start over. That way you don't waste your money.
___________________
“Don't Waste Your Money” is a registered trademark of Scripps Media, Inc. (“Scripps”).
"Like" John Matarese on Facebook
Follow John on Twitter (@JohnMatarese)
For more consumer news and money saving advice, go to www.dontwasteyourmoney.com
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexican President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is promising that jobless youths, the elderly and Mexico's business sector will be the biggest beneficiaries of his first year in office.
Lopez Obrador is pledging to pay the salaries of apprentices employed by Mexican companies as part of a $5 billion packages of scholarships and job training.
The once-fiery leftist met with Mexican businessmen on Wednesday and pledged another $2 billion to extend and increase old-age supplementary payments to the elderly nationwide.
Lopez Obrador said the two programs will be the central themes of his first year in office. He said the $7.5 billion package will be paid for by government cost-cutting, "even if we are left without a shirt on our backs."
Advertisement
Lopez Obrador was elected in a landslide Sunday.
As far as the ‘it' factor goes, this 10-year-old most definitely has it.
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend (Dec. 9) when he was called down to the court to play a round of “finish the lyrics.”
Related: Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘Lion King' Classics for Remake?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5's version of Smokey Robinson's classic, “Who's Lovin' You,” but his vocals were incredible.
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover. McCrary has worked with Glover before, appearing on the song “Terrified” from Childish Gambino's Grammy nominated album, Awaken My Love.
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King.
The shooter of Republicans this morning across the river in Alexandria was a retired 66-year-old White Bernie believer. This may be the incident that will go down in history as a new kind of American civil war gets underway.
The shooter, James T. Hodgkinson, said a few months ago: “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.” Hodgkinson's Facebook page includes numerous photos of Senator Bernie Sanders and last August he wrote: “I want Bernie to Win the White House” and “Bernie is a Progressive, while Hillary is Republican Lite.”
Advertisements
Peter Frampton and Steve Miller are headed to Kelowna April 18 as part of a multi-city North American tour.
“2017 was an amazingly beautiful, creative and rewarding music experience for our band and our audience,” said Rock ‘n' Roll Hall of Fame member Steve Miller, in a press release.
“The band and production crew are working on creating an even better concert experience for 2018 and plan on wading even deeper into the musical waters Peter Frampton and I enjoyed last summer. There is so much to explore and we are looking forward to seeing our friends in Canada and the States soon.”
Frampton is also enthused about the chance to tour with Miller.
RELATED: SEINFELD TO PERFORM AT PROSPERA
“Having had such a fantastic tour together last summer, Steve and I decided to keep going this year,” he said. “Jamming together each night during Steve's set is one of my favorite moments of the evening. Can't wait to get back out there.”
Steve Miller was a mainstay of the San Francisco music scene that upended American culture in the late '60s. With albums like Children of the Future, Sailor and Brave New World, Miller perfected a psychedelic blues sound that drew on the deepest sources of American roots music and simultaneously articulated a compelling vision of what music-and society-could be in the years to come.
Then, in the '70s, Miller crafted a brand of rock ‘n' roll music that was polished, exciting and irresistible, and that has dominated radio through today. Hit followed hit in an endless flow: “The Joker,” “Livin' in the USA,” “Take the Money and Run,” “Rock'n Me,” “Fly Like an Eagle,” “Jet Airliner,” “Jungle Love,” and “Abracadabra” among them. To this day, these songs are instantly recognizable when they come on the radio-and impossible not to sing along with.
The Steve Miller Band has played to more than 20 million people in the last 20 years. In addition to touring with his band, Miller is also contributing his time to serving on the welcoming committee of the Department of Musical Instruments of New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art and as a board member of Jazz at Lincoln Center, where he curates and hosts shows at both institutions celebrating blues, jazz and early American music.
Tickets go on sale Dec. 15 at 10 a.m. Purchase through livenation.com or through Select Your Tickets at the Prospera Place Box Office, or online or charge by phone: 250-762-5050.
STEVE MILLER BAND 2018 SPRING TOUR DATES:
APRIL
14 – Victoria, BC – Save on Foods Centre
16 – Abbotsford, BC – Abbotsford Centre
18 – Kelowna, BC – Prospera Place
20 – Calgary, AB – Scotiabank Saddledome
21 – Edmonton, AB – Rogers Place
23 – Saskatoon, SK – SaskTel Centre
24 – Winnipeg, MB – Bell MTS Place
26 – Sioux Falls, SD – Denny Sanford Premier Center
28 – New Town, ND – Four Bears Resort
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
kmichaels@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Dean's lists
Bucknell University
The following Abington-area students were named to Bucknell University's dean's list for outstanding academic achievement during the spring semester. A student must earn a grade point average of 3.5 or higher on a scale of 4.0 to receive dean's list recognition.
•Ruhani Aulakh, of Waverly Township, Class of 2019
•Ceilia Severini, of Clarks Summit, Class of 2018 Clarion University
John M. Walsh, of Dalton was named to the dean's list for the spring semester at Clarion University of Pennsylvania. To earn placement on the dean's list, students must be enrolled in at least 12 credits and earn a 3.5 grade point average.
Mansfield University
Samantha Seidel, of Dalton was named to the spring dean's list at Mansfield University. To be named to the dean's list, a student must be attending the university full-time and attain at least a 3.5 GPA for the semester.
Mount St. Mary's University
Kayla Agentowicz, of Clarks Summit earned dean's list honors for the spring semester at Mount St. Mary's University.
Nazareth College
Audra Nealon, of South Abington Township, was named to the dean's list for the spring semester at Nazareth College. Nealon is majoring in music therapy. A student's grade point average must be at least 3.5 or above, and they must complete 12 credit hours of graded work that semester in order to be included on the dean's list at Nazareth.
Northeastern University
Jessica Rickwood, of Clarks Summit was named to Northeastern University's dean's list for the spring semester. Rickwood is majoring in speech-lang pathol/audiology. To achieve the dean's list distinction, students must carry a full program of at least four courses, have a quality point average of 3.5 or greater out of a possible 4.0 and carry no single grade lower than a C- during the course of their college career.
President's list
Mansfield University
Richard Pollock, of Dalton was named to the Mansfield University president's list for the spring semester. To be named to the president's list, a student must attend the university full-time and attain at least a 4.0 QPA for the semester.
Graduations
Arcadia University
Emily Sandercock, of Waverly Township, received a Bachelor of Arts in political science during Arcadia University's undergraduate commencement ceremony on May 18.
Gettysburg College
Brianna Eagen, of Waverly Township graduated from Gettysburg College on May 20, receiving a Bachelor of Arts.
Lackawanna College
The following Abington-area students were awarded degrees or certificates during Lackawanna College's 124th commencement May 19 in the College's Student Union in downtown Scranton.
• Colin Joseph Dietz, of South Abington Township, associate in applied science, accounting
• Aditya Agrawal, of South Abington Township, associate in science, business administration
• Dana Charles Williams, of Waverly Township, associate in science, business studies
• Jack Quinn, of Waverly Township, associate in science, cardiac sonography
• Danielle Annette Zeplin, of Clarks Summit, associate in science, criminal justice
• Audrey Jane Ross, of Clarks Summit, associate in science, liberal studies
• Erik James Hayden, of Dalton, associate in science, petroleum & natural gas technology
• Chastity Tina Heffley, of Clarks Summit, associate in science, physical therapist assistant
• Vanessa Lauren Lempicky, of North Abington Township, associate in science, physical therapist assistant
• Nolan Beth Sweet-Browning, of Clarks Summit, certificate, paramedic
Wilkes University
Wilkes University awarded nearly 800 bachelors, master's and doctoral degrees at its 71st spring commencement ceremonies on May 19. Local residents who received degrees are:
• Laura Blacker, of South Abington Township, Master of Science in education
• Abigail Burke, of Clarks Summit, Bachelor of Science in biology
• Todd Gies, of West Abington Township, Master of Science in education
• Lindsey Maduro, of Dalton, Master of Science in education
• Matthew Wheeland, of Clarks Summit, Bachelor of Business Administration in marketing
Awards &
honors
Wilkes University
Abigail Burke, of Clarks Summit was one of more than 60 graduating seniors recognized for their academic achievement at the annual academic awards ceremony. Burke received the Outstanding Scholar with the highest grade point average, presented by the biology & health sciences department and Dr. Michael Steele.
Federal Reserve Bank of New York President William Dudley took the unusual step of weighing in on who might be the next head of the U.S. central bank, saying that former Goldman Sachs executive Gary Cohn was a "reasonable candidate" for the job of Fed chief.
"He knows a lot about financial markets. He knows lots about the financial system," Dudley, who at one time worked with Cohn at Goldman Sachs, said in an interview Monday with the Associated Press. Cohn is now director of the White House's National Economic Council.
President Donald Trump has singled out Cohn as a leading candidate for the job of Fed chair. He also told the Wall Street Journal on July 25 that current Fed Chair Janet Yellen and two or three others were in the running. Yellen's four-year term as central bank chief runs out in February.
Gary Cohn, director of the U.S. National Economic Council. Bloomberg News
It's rare for Fed officials like Dudley to comment publicly on such personnel matters because they usually want to avoid doing anything that might be seen as undermining the central bank's political independence.
Unlike Yellen, Cohn does not have a Ph.D. in economics but Dudley said that didn't disqualify him from getting the Fed job.
"I don't think you have to have a Ph.D. in economics, which I have, to be a chair of the Fed," Dudley said.
Dudley said that it was important that the central bank have a diversity of "backgrounds and perspectives.
"So I think Gary's a reasonable candidate," he added.
He declined to comment on any other potential nominees, who are subject to Senate confirmation.
Cohn was seen as the leading candidate for Fed chair in a July 27-28 Bloomberg survey of economists. Yellen came in second, followed by ex-Fed Governor Kevin Warsh.
Before joining the Trump administration, Cohn worked at Goldman Sachs for more than 25 years, including a decade as president.
While there, he criticized the Fed for pumping liquidity into the financial system to stimulate the economy while simultaneously telling banks they needed to build up capital and be careful lending it out. He also complained that Fed policymakers talked too much and just ended up confusing markets.
Bloomberg News
Matthew Stream said he has worked in the gaming industry for a while, but he didn't hit it big until this year, when a major casino company picked up a game he developed.
Stream said the idea started when he would play one of the most popular card games: blackjack.
"One of my younger cousins, was elementary school age," Stream remembered. "I was just trying to help her a little with her math and so I'm like 'Oh we'll play 21,' and I'm thinking as a dealer, I see adults struggle with 21 so I'm like, 'let's just stop it at 11. Pretty quickly I thought there might be adults that would appreciate this game that feel a little overwhelmed in traditional blackjack."
That's how "Easy Jack" was born. Stream's variation is a lot like blackjack, except players play to 11 instead of 21, and start with one card instead of two. The dealer's card is dealt face down while the players cards are face up. The dealer has to hit on a six or below, and has to stay on a seven or above. If a player is dealt an ace, it pays 3:2, much like a 21 in a traditional blackjack game.
"Trying to keep it easy, that's the goal," Stream said while dealing cards. Last year he enrolled in UNLV's International Gaming Institute, and he brought the "Easy Jack" idea with him.
He said with the help of professors and faculty at the school, he was able to take the idea off campus, and to the strip.
On the last day of the semester, all the students had to present ideas in a competition. Prominent members of the gaming industry watched Stream and "Easy Jack" win first place, and afterward, the Vice President of Gaming for Caesars Entertainment told Stream she was interested in his idea.
"I was so in awe, this is more than I ever could have imagined," Stream said. He was not the only one who was in shock.
"How rare is it? It's like finding a unicorn," Dr. Mark Yoseloff said with a smile. The Executive Director of the International Gaming Institute helped Stream with his creation, but said this kind of success so quickly is almost unheard of.
"There's always blackjack ideas, and his sounded almost just goofy enough that it might work," Yoseloff said.
This summer, the 'goofy' blackjack variation debuted on the casino floor at Harrah's on the strip.
"The trail run began on June 21, which is actually my birthday," Stream said with a laugh. That run recently ended, but the game is still on the floor and open to players. The Nevada Gaming Control Board will vote on whether to approve the new game, and if so, Stream will try and get "Easy Jack" into more casinos.
"I believe there's a chance that it gets out pretty quickly, so I'm hoping that what happens."
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A man arrested in connection with a firearms incident in Mansfield remains in police custody as inquiries continue.
Officers called to reports of a disturbance in Gladstone Street on Wednesday, September 27, at about 12.40am, found “evidence of a firearm discharge”.
A woman also needed hospital treatment for injuries, although they are not thought to be serious.
The 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm on Sunday, October 1, and a police spokeswoman said today he remained in custody as inquiries into the incident continued.
* This story has been updated due to revised information being supplied by Nottinghamshire Police.
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iranian state TV says a 6-magnitude earthquake has jolted a western region near the border with Iraq.
There were no immediate reports of casualties or major damage from the temblor, which struck Monday near the site of a 7.2-magnitude quake that caused more than 600 deaths in November.
Iran is prone to near-daily quakes as it sits on major fault lines. In 2003, a 6.6-magnitude quake flattened the historic city of Bam, killing 26,000 people.
EXECUTIVES of Rappler Holdings Corp., owner of online news outfit Rappler, failed to appear before the Department of Justice on Tuesday for the preliminary investigation of the P133-million tax evasion case filed against them by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR).
Rappler Holdings president Maria Ressa and treasurer James Bitanga, through their counsels, explained that they did not receive a copy of the BIR's complaint.
Assistant State Prosecutor Zenamar Machacon-Caparros provided the respondents' lawyers a copy of the complaint and granted as well their plea for an extension of the submission of counter-affidavits.
Caparros reset the preliminary investigation to May 7 at 11 a.m., even as he reiterated his earlier warning that Ressa and Bitanga's failure to attend would be considered a waiver to present their defense, meaning the case would be considered submitted for resolution based on the evidence on record.
The BIR's March 8 complaint states that Rappler Holdings should have paid income and value-added taxes when it sold Philippine Depositary Receipts (PDRs) in 2015 to two foreign companies for P181,658,758.67, which made it a dealer in securities.
Prior to the sale, Rappler Holdings bought common shares in subsidiary Rappler Inc. worth P19,245,975.00, which became the PDRs' underlying securities.
The firm was held liable for non-payment of P133,841,305.75 – income tax of P91,320,481.08 and value-added taxes worth P42,520,824.76.
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man” from their forthcoming album, Wonderful Wonderful.
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent. “The Man” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on his younger self, the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man he is now.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
This column is authored by Sirisha Paladhi, Brand Marketer, Appmajix
Brands can give consumers a simple, fun framework for engaging with familiar things. With many brands available in the market, it involves a greater challenge to get consumers interact with your brand in the present day.
What is a Brand Ritual?
A Brand Management ritual is nothing but making a brand better. It is the shared experience of how people enjoy your brand. It includes a set of actions that customers value in improving your brand experience.
Associating a brand story with a set of rituals carries a perfect sense of identity and loyalty. It binds people to an authority or devotion towards your product. So, creating rituals is an essence of building a brand.
A Brand Management ritual solely depends on the behavior of the consumer. It involves a frequent update of user interests with the latest technologies and experience with the brand. Below are the key seven Brand Management rituals you must follow to engage the audience with your brand constantly.
1. Consumption of Brand by People
Ritual is no longer constructed by brands, but by consumers itself. Survey how your consumers take your brand. Conclude at the habitual actions of users that add value to your brand ritual. Find out what people are looking out for making your brand taste better.
If there is something loved by the most, then the first step towards your brand ritual routine is found. Hurray!
If you find a behavior being loved by the majority of consumers, promote the same among the other customers. Never know, they might like it even more.
2. Keep it Simple
If you want people to adopt your brand, keep it simple and apt. Your ritual must be relevant to your product or service and must add value to the already existing behavior of customers. To simplify it, think from the viewpoint of customers, how they react to your brand instead of forcing them to adopt new behavioral action. It is all about taking a simple act and making it reach out more customers. They make interaction with the brand fun, which in turn leaves greater value.
3. Way to Add Value
Adding value is the most important ritual of the brand. Estimate the customer behavior when evaluating the value.
Sense of Community – People must feel they are the part of something bigger than themselves. Create a sense of community and exclusivity. Customer communities and Exclusive groups are one among them. Make users part of your larger community network. This sense of one, eventually adds value to your brand.
Overall Brand Experience – Make things easier for processing orders on the business end. Observe how people experience your brand from start to finish and figure any adjustments to be made.
Uniqueness – Make sure your brand rituals are unique from your competitor brands. Compare your brand behavior that is different from other competitors and how they can be adjusted to increase your brand image. This way your brand will have ensured and happy customers under its closet.
Emotional Response – Everybody wants their customers to associate with their brand happily and leave as satisfied consumers. Hence it is a smart technique to encourage this feeling. If this action leaves satisfied customers, then this promising consumer behavior can be transformed into a ritual.
4. Price Point
Generally, brand rituals are marketed by low-cost brands and not by luxury products.
Brand ritual not only improve the perceived experience, it certainly adds to the price point. Consumers come forward to buy something which obeys certain famous ritual, not thinking a second about its price.
5. Making it Shareable
In order to follow it, a ritual must be visible, accessible and understandable. This action must be performed in public replicating their interest and feel. Make ritual accessible for the right people to build a community around. If you can make a certain behavior go viral, you can attract long-term loyal customers to your brand. Encouraging this behavior consistently add more to the already powerful branding. Remember that the action must be highly shareable to deliver skyrocketing brand awareness in addition to loyalty.
6. Perform the ritual
Brand rituals are more valuable to consumers as well as brands. Branding adds meaningful value to customer insight. Adding an element of fun adds character to the brand.
Demonstrate how users must interact with your product by performing the ritual as a part of marketing. Seeing the process will make it easier for consumers to enact the ritual. Let people know how it feels like performing a brand ritual.
7. Sight of Brand
Even after framing the good strategies in promoting the brand ritual, if you lose the sight of the brand, everything goes in vain. So make sure you don't lose the sight of your brand logo and the connection it represents with the existing customers. It depicts the way consumers remember you.
To Wrap it up…
Brand rituals evoke a strong response from consumers. Once you are aware of the perfect brand ritual, aware customers about it. All these marketing efforts must reflect the way you want your customers to behave. If you follow the steps above, reaching your brand management ritual is no tougher.
SAVNNAH RIVER SITE, S.C. (WJBF) – President Donald Trump is committed to updating the nation's nuclear deterrent to the world and one of the proposed locations to expand the operations is in the CSRA.
Over the course of two days United States Secretary of Energy Rick Perry toured Savannah River Site to get a better understanding of the operation happening there. He finally ended his visit by meeting with employees at the site.
Perry's visit comes at a critical time for South Carolina. Local lawmakers are hopeful SRS will be at the forefront of President Trump's push to modernize the country's nuclear fleet.
“To provide for peace through strength and it begins with the pit production,” South Carolina Representative Joe Wilson told WJBF NewsChannel 6.
At a town hall with Savannah River Sites employees, Perry addressed the ongoing discussions to expand the plutonium pit production, from New Mexico, to the CSRA.
“For a country to be able to have that nuclear deterrent it's incredibly important, in a very dangerous world.” Perry said.
Plutonium pits, or triggers, are at the core of nuclear weapons aiding in the detonation. Triggers haven't been produced since 2011.
However, the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA), an agency of the Department of Energy, wants to produce the pits again and in mass quantities.
“Going from 30 to 80 pits and where that gets done and what have you.” Perry said. “I know there are conversations of it occurring here.”
Perry praised employees and says the work they are doing at the site is important.
The Secretary of Energy also acknowledge the community's unwavering support for SRS, which he says hasn't been the case at other DOE labs in the country.
“There are so many things this site can do to help this country on the national security front.” South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham said. “Our nuclear inventory and arsenal has been depleted and we are going to rebuild it. We stand ready to help you Rick.”
“We have tremendous intellectual capital in this community and I've said this, we have the opportunity to be the silicon valley of the East coast.” Georgia Representative Rick Allen said.
Perry says there future is bright for the National Laboratory and says that there is talk about expanding the missions at SRS.
Count on WJBF NewsChannel 6 to bring you the latest on this developing story.
A host of British talent including Judi Dench, Helen Mirren, Daniel Kaluuya and Claire Foy were also nominated for awards.
The Shape Of Water netted the most nominations for the 75th Golden Globes, with star Sally Hawkins leading the way for British talent.
The film scored seven nods including best motion picture drama, where it will face Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk, while Hawkins was nominated for best actress in a drama movie.
Gary Oldman's performance as Winston Churchill in The Darkest Hour will compete with Daniel Day-Lewis in Phantom Thread for best actor in a drama movie, it was announced in Los Angeles in the early hours of Monday.
Sharon Stone and Alfre Woodard at the nominations ceremony (Chris Pizzello/AP)
Big Little Lies lead the way for television shows with six nominations, four more than The Crown, which secured Claire Foy a nod for actress in a drama series.
Alongside Nolan's film depicting the Second World War evacuation and Guillermo Del Toro's Cold War-era fairy-tale, The Post and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri were also tipped for best drama film.
Daniel Kaluuya and Get Out, a satire which sees the Londoner tackle racism, won the most cheers from the press in the Beverly Hilton hotel when it was announced he was up for actor in a comedy and the film was nominated for best comedy.
It is his first Golden Globe nomination while Hawkins is a previous victor for her role in Mike Leigh's Happy-Go-Lucky.
She will face The Post's Meryl Streep, Jessica Chastain in Molly's Game, Frances McDormand in Three Billboards and Michelle Williams in All The Money In The World for best actress in a drama.
Day-Lewis, in what is his final film role, is up against Oldman, Denzel Washington in Roman J. Israel, Esq., and Timothee Chalamet in Call Me By Your Name for best drama actor.
Victoria & Abdul's Judi Dench was nominated for best actress in a comedy for the role as the 19th century monarch, which she won a Golden Globe for two decades ago in Mrs Brown.
Kristen Bell at the Beverly Hilton (Chris Pizzello/AP)
She faces Helen Mirren and Ireland's Saoirse Ronan in the category along with Battle Of The Sexes' Emma Stone and Margot Robbie in I, Tonya.
Jude Law, Ewan McGregor, David Thewlis and Alfred Molina also netted nominations.
The announcements, made by Kristen Bell, Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund and Sharon Stone, came as Hollywood reels from a series of sexual harassment and assault scandals.
Christopher Plummer was nominated for best actor in a supporting role for All The Money In The World, a part for which he was an 11th-hour replacement for Kevin Spacey when he became mired in allegations.
Comedian Seth Meyers will host the awards ceremony at the Beverly Hilton on January 7.
© Press Association 2017
BENI, Congo (AP) — The United Nations Deputy Special Representative for Congo says military offenses will be launched against rebels who killed at least 15 Tanzanian U.N. peacekeepers last week in eastern Congo.
In a memorial ceremony Monday David Gressly said those who staged the assault, which wounded 50 others, will pay for their actions. The Dec. 7 attack about 45 kilometers (28 miles) from Beni was the deadliest single attack on a U.N. peacekeeping mission in nearly 25 years.
At least five Congolese soldiers also were killed in the attack. The peacekeeping base has been repeatedly attacked by rebels from the Allied Democratic Forces group.
Tanzania's ambassador in Congo Paul Ignace Mella called on the U.N. to protect its peacekeeping soldiers. The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo is the largest in the world.
Two impressive — but very different — college careers intersected in Clemson's 75-61 win over N.C. State in the first round of the ACC Tournament Tuesday at Barclays Center.
The Clemson win, which advanced the Tigers to a 2:30 p.m. Wednesday matchup with fifth-seeded Duke, extended the career of senior forward Jaron Blossomgame, who led the Tigers with 22 points.
Conversely, the N.C. State loss seemingly marked the end of the brief college career for freshman guard Dennis Smith Jr., who's expected to enter the NBA draft.
Smith, who has not formally announced his decision but is considered to be a top-five pick, struggled mightily in his first ACC Tournament game, scoring just seven points on 3-of-12 shooting and committing four turnovers to only three assists.
For Blossomgame, this is the gravy left over from his decision to stay in school for one more year after coming within hours of declaring for the draft last May.
“I went into it thinking I was going to leave — mentally, I was completely gone,'' the 6-foot-7 All-ACC forward told The Post of his decision to give the NBA a go last year.
Blossomgame said his decision was swayed during interviews with NBA teams when he asked, “Would it be beneficial for me to come back to school?''
Though he said Tuesday, “I believed that I would have been a first-round pick last year when I came out,'' draft projections didn't confirm that. He said he “took the pros and cons'' of leaving school and staying and “I felt most comfortable coming back to school.''
“I feel like in order to leave school you have to leave knowing you're going to be a first-round pick,'' Blossomgame said.
Most projections now have him going late in the first round, and playing his senior year seems to have helped. A year after averaging 18.7 points and 6.7 rebounds per game, Blossomgame has averaged 17.3 points and 6.2 rebounds this season.
“One of the things that I'm unbelievably proud of is Jaron had his degree and still came back,'' Clemson coach Brad Brownell said. “As much as he was going to improve in certain things in basketball … I think he's a guy that wanted to enjoy his Clemson experience one more time.''
Blossomgame said his goal was “to come back and solidify myself, and I really feel like I did that. I came back and had another All-ACC caliber season and I helped my team win some games.”
One piece of unfinished business remains for Blossomgame, and that's getting to an NCAA Tournament, where Clemson hasn't been since 2011.
The 17-14 Tigers likely will need to advance to the ACC Tournament final to even be considered.
“Obviously, I haven't been to the NCAA Tournament and I've been at Clemson for five years,'' he said. “This year, we still have a chance. We're a good team and we're playing good basketball right now.''
Building materials giant CRH has begun a strategic review of its European distribution business in an effort to improve margins and returns from the business, it said Thursday.
In a stock market announcement CRH flagged the review has been initiated, while the company is also “exploring other strategic options” for the business.
The company's Europe distribution division sells and distributes build materials to professional builders, specialist heating and plumbing contractors and DIY customers.
The division was impacted in the first quarter of this year by adverse weather conditions, which pulled like for like sales 1 per cent behind the same period in 2017.
Revenue from the European distribution business as a percentage of total group revenue had fallen in the past number of years, from 19 per cent in 2015 to 16 per cent last year, the company's 2017 annual report shows. Operating profit in the same period did grow, however, from 8 per cent of total group operating profit to 10 per cent last year.
Davy analysts Robert Gardiner and Barry Dixon wrote in a client note that the review of the European business is “likely to lead to speculation of a possible sale of the business”.
In addition to its strategic review, CRH also said Thursday it plans to establish a new global building products division from January 1st 2019.
That division will pull together the company's Europe lightside, Europe distribution and Americas products division. Keith Haas, currently president of the Americas products division, will lead the new unit.
“The change, which had been flagged by management, is aimed at leveraging the group's scale to create further value through greater integration and synergies,” the Davy analysts noted.
CRH is targeting an improvement in its earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of 300 basis points by 2021. That improvement could deliver EBITDA of around €4.8 billion on the back of cost savings of up to €500 million by 2021, Davy said.
Additionally, it aims to have fire power of €7 billion over the next four years, after capital expenditure and dividends, “providing significant opportunities for further value creation for our shareholders”.
“Persistently” high private debt levels pose a serious risk to Ireland's economic outlook, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has warned.
In its twice-yearly Economic Outlook report, the influential global body warned that elevated debt levels here left the economy “sensitive to rising interest rates”. The European Central Bank is expected to begin winding down its post-crash stimulus programme later this year as a forerunner to raising interest rates in 2019.
Warning
The OECD's comments echo a recent warning from the Economic and Social Research Institute, which suggested Irish consumers could be hurt more by a cycle of ECB rate rises because of the high dependency on variable rate mortgages here.
In its report, the OECD noted that the Government's budgetary policy would be mildly contractionary in 2018 and 2019, but said it needed to keep improving its fiscal position to create a buffer against future economic shocks, most notably Brexit, which posed a significant threat to Ireland's economic outlook.
The State needs to leave room to use fiscal policy to support for growth as a counterbalance to the potentially “strong negative impact of Brexit at the end of the transition period in 2021”, it said.
The OECD said the Government's €116 billion national development plan should be “conditional” on improving the Government's fiscal position.
This would require various national infrastructural projects “to be carefully prioritised”, it said.
Assessment
Overall the OECD's latest assessment of Ireland was relatively upbeat with the Paris-based agency predicting economic activity here would remain robust in the near term, fuelled by “solid employment growth and consumption”, before gradually easing.
It noted that wage pressure had risen in tandem with the rapid decline in unemployment but inflation had been kept in check thanks to the appreciation of the euro against the pound sterling in the wake of the Brexit vote in the UK.
It said the effects of sterling's depreciation would eventually dissipate with wage pressures feeding through to higher inflation.
In terms of the world economy, the OECD said global growth is expected to hit 3.8 per cent this year, nudging up to 3.9 per cent in 2019.
However, the prospect of a trade war is threatening the global growth outlook, which otherwise is on course for a 40-year low in unemployment, the OECD said.
The US and EU could still negotiate a trade deal even if Washington imposes import tariffs on EU steel and aluminium, US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday. EU leaders agreed earlier in May to open discussions about market access for US products, but only if Washington grants the EU a permanent exemption from tariffs.
Tariffs
The EU now has a temporary exemption, which expires on Friday. “There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs,” Mr Ross told an OECD panel.
On the UK, the OECD noted that economic growth remained “modest” compared with other major economies. And it warned that the UK government must stand ready to ease up on austerity measures if growth weakens significantly in the run-up to the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
Brexit negotiations should aim to “preserve open trade with the European Union and high access for financial services to EU markets”, the OECD said.
– Additional reporting by Reuters
Former Chancellor of the Judiciary, Justice Carl Singh Monday night distanced himself from a pronouncement by Attorney General and Minister of Legal Affairs, Basil Williams that he helped block Guyana's planned establishment of a local law school.
“I was never part of any Review Committee discussion on a proposed Law School for Guyana nor have I ever contributed in any form or manner to the preparation and release of any report by the Review Committee which addressed the proposed Law School for Guyana,” said Singh in a statement.
Singh acknowledged being a member of the Caribbean Council of Legal Education's (CLE) Review Committe, but said in the run-up to his retirement in February, 2017 he had not attended meetings personally or electronically.
The former substantive Chief Justice accused Williams of being reckless and peddling false information. “This assertion has no basis in truth or in fact. Indeed such a statement was recklessly made without consideration for its consequences.
The fact is that for several months prior to my retirement in February of this year, I had stopped attending meetings of the Review Committee. Additionally, my retirement marked the end of my membership of the Review committee,” he said.
The CLE Review Committee, according to the Attorney General and Minister of Legal Affairs, has decided that no more law schools would be opened in any of the CLE Treaty signatory nations of the Caribbean. The existing ones are the Hugh Wooding, Norman Manley and Eugene Dupuch Law Schools in Trinidad, Jamaica and The Bahamas respectively.
Justice Singh slammed the Attorney General's statement as containing “troubling parts” in reference to him. The former CLE Review Committee member recalled that all of the meetings of the Review Committee that he had attended were chaired by Mrs. Jacqueline Samuels-Browne, QC.
He said he never attended or participated in such meetings chaired by Mr. Reginald Armour, SC the current Chairman of the Council of Legal Education either in person or by electronic means. He added that he certainly did not attend or participate in a Review Committee meeting Chaired by Mr. Armour in January of this year in Jamaica .
Former Attorney General and Minister of Legal Affairs, Anil Nandlall at the weekend accused Williams of lying when he had said that the CLE had given the green light for Guyana to establish the Joseph Haynes Law School.
Williams has since said the CLE has not given into Guyana's request for the criteria to establish a law school in Guyana. The Attorney General has already entered into a Memorandum CLE has determined that Guyana would conduct its feasibility study but incorporate the requirements of the CLE that a law school under its auspices must satisfy. He said Guyana and its joint venture partners-University College of the Caribbean (UCC) and the Law College of the Americas (LCA) -continue to pursue the feasibility study in keeping with a memorandum of understanding that was inked on January 11, 2017.
A TOURIST, accused of sex crimes on a girl he barely knew while holidaying on Fraser Island, has been cleared by a jury.
This is despite it being undisputed that the man had introduced himself to the girl and her friend by writing an inappropriate note to them, requesting oral sex.
Sighs of relief were heard from the defendant and those present in his support in the Hervey Bay District Court yesterday as the verdicts were read out. yesterday.
The prosecution alleged the Brisbane man exposed a part of his genitals to a girl and touched her genitalia at a party on November 15, 2016.
His defence team took aim at inconsistencies from the witnesses, with defence barrister Phil Hardcastle claiming the victim "made up" the story for attention.
The court heard the victim and a friend played a game at a party in which they wrote notes to each other.
Mr Hardcastle dismissed the man's decision to write the obscene notes and involve himself in the game as alcohol fuelled "stupidity".
He said despite claiming the accused man gave her a "weird vibe", the alleged victim and her friend continued to hang around him even "jumping on his back" without informing adults of his actions.
"It's easy to make a complaint, and very difficult for a man to refute them," Mr Hardcastle said.
The victim described herself as a "drama queen" in a recorded interview.
DETROIT (CBS LOCAL) – An incredible moment caught on camera, Tuesday morning when all lanes of I-696 were closed in both directions as a man considered suicide.
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man s… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…—
MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
The Michigan State Police came up with a clever idea to shorten the fall. Acting fast they organized a row of 13 semi truck drivers to remain in place under the bridge to shorten the distance the man would fall if he were to jump.
Police received the call around 1 a.m this morning that there was a man threatening suicide. Several local law enforcement agencies were on the scene along with negotiators.
After several hours the situation ended peacefully with the man walking off the bridge. He was then taken by police to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak for evaluation.
If you or a loved one is feeling distressed, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. The crisis center provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for civilians and veterans.
Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or text to 741-741.
[H/T CBS Detroit]
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Research Report Insights (RRI) offers a 10-year forecast for the global Pectin Market: Global Industry Analysis, size, sales and Forecast by 2026. In terms of value, the market is expected to register a CAGR of 4.6% during the forecast period 2026. The main objective of the report is to offer insights on the advancements in the pectin market. The study demonstrates market dynamics that are expected to influence the current environment and future status of the global pectin market over the forecast period. The report aims to offer updates on trends, drivers, restraints, value forecasts, and opportunities for manufacturers operating in the global pectin market.
Factors such as rising levels of diabetes, obesity and cardiac issues has shifted the consumer focus towards healthy, natural and fruit-based ingredients. This is well replicated in the demand for pectin. Pectin fit well into this context, with its high ability to gel and stabilize food products. In addition to being a thickening agent, pectin rich diet helps in preventing intestinal tumors and maintaining blood sugar levels. Further, the low calories and fat-free nature of pectin, increases its demand in the food & beverages industry. High health benefits coupled with rising consumer disregard for synthetic gelling agents fuels the growth of pectin market over the forecast period.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114791/Pectin-Market
A section of the report discusses how the overall competition in the market is steadily increasing. It discusses various factors shaping the internal as well as external competition in the market. Overall internal competition in the pectin market is observed to be comparatively high owing to a large number of major providers of pectin and increasing number of small domestic players in the market. The global pectin market is facing external competition from producers & distributors of raw material and other food processors, who are adopting forward and backward integration strategies, and developing their own facilities to produce pectin. Various barriers to entry in the industry are analyzed and rated on the basis of their impact on the competition level in the market.
The report analyses the market share of the global pectin market by each of the product type including high methoxyl pectin and low methoxyl pectin. A section of the report highlights pectin demand, region-wise. It provides a market outlook for 2016–2026 and sets the forecast within the context of the pectin ecosystem, including strategic developments, the latest regulations, and new product offerings in the global pectin market. This study discusses key region trends contributing to growth of the global pectin market, as well as analyzes the degree to which drivers are influencing the market in each region. Key regions assessed in this report include North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ), Middle East & Africa (MEA), and Japan.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114791/Pectin-Market
In the final section of the report, a competitive landscape has been included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view. Key categories of providers covered in the report are pectin suppliers, manufacturers, and a list of major retailers. Detailed profiles of the providers are also included in the scope of the report to evaluate their long- and short-term strategies, key offerings, and recent developments in the pectin market. Key players in the global pectin market report include CP Kelco ApS, Cargill, Incorporated, Dupont/Danisco, Herbstreith & Fox, Yantai Andre Pectin Co., Ltd, Naturex group, Silvateam Food Ingredients, CEAMSA, FMC BioPolymer, and Lucid Colloids Ltd.
Key Segments Covered
By Product Type
High methoxyl pectin
Low methoxyl pectin
Amidated
Non-amidated
By Application
Jams & Jellies
Beverages
Bakery Fillings & Toppings
Dairy Products & Frozen Desserts
Confectionery
Meat & Poultry Products
Dietary Supplements
Functional Food
Pharmaceutical
Personal Care & Cosmetics
Others (Detergents)
On the basis of product type, the global pectin market is segmented into high methoxyl pectin and low methoxyl pectin. Low methoxyl pectin is further sub-segmented into amidated and non-amidated form. High methoxyl pectin is expected to be the leading segment in the global pectin market during the forecast period.
On the basis of applications, the global pectin market is segmented into jams & jellies, beverages, bakery fillings & toppings, dairy products & frozen desserts, confectionery, meat & poultry products, dietary supplements, functional food, pharmaceuticals, personal care & cosmetics, and others such as detergents. Jams & jellies expected to contribute significantly to the revenue growth of the global pectin market.
In addition, it is imperative to note that in an ever-fluctuating global economy, we not only conduct forecasts in terms of CAGR, but also analyze on the basis of key parameters such as Year-on-Year (Y-o-Y) growth, to understand the predictability of the market and identify the right opportunities.
Another key feature of this report is the analysis of all key segments in terms of absolute dollar. This is usually overlooked while forecasting the market. However, absolute dollar opportunity is critical in assessing the level of opportunity that a provider can look to achieve, as well as to identify potential resources from a sales and delivery perspective in the global pectin market.
Key Regions/Countries Covered
North America
S.
Canada
Latin America
Mexico
Brazil
Argentina
Rest of Latin America
Western Europe
Germany
France
K.
Spain
Italy
Nordic
Benelux
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Russia
Poland
Rest of Eastern Europe
Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ)
China
India
ASEAN
Australia and New Zealand
Rest of APEJ
Middle East & Africa
GCC
Other Middle East
North Africa
South Africa
Rest of MEA
Japan
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114791/Pectin-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
This story is about Published 45m
With decision to hire Sonny Dykes, SMU betting on experience Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
/Associated Press Sonny Dykes
By Adam Grosbard , Staff Writer Contact Adam Grosbard on Twitter: @AdamGrosbard
SMU wasted little time finding a new head coach. Five days after Chad Morris bolted to take the Arkansas job, SMU has hired former California and Louisiana Tech coach Sonny Dykes to be the next leader of its football program, a source told SportsDay.
As the coaching search unfolded over the course of essentially a work week, Dykes and SMU interim head coach Jeff Traylor were the two names most frequently attached to the opening. In choosing Dykes, SMU is making a bet on college experience over a relatively unknown quantity. Dyke has been a collegiate head coach for seven seasons. He first spent three years at Louisiana Tech, where the Bulldogs put together a 22-15 mark and in 2011 won their first WAC title in a decade. Dykes' offenses, a branch of the Air Raid system that he learned as an assistant coach under Mike Leach at Texas Tech, rewrote the Louisiana Tech record books. In 2012, the Bulldogs averaged 51.5 points and 478 yards per game.
Source: SMU hires former Cal coach Sonny Dykes to be next head coach
He translated that success to an opportunity at California starting in 2013. Dykes inherited a 3-9 team and rebuilt around future No. 1 overall pick Jared Goff, going 8-5 and winning the Armed Forces Bowl in 2015. Cal fired him following the 2016 season after Dykes reportedly flirted with job openings at Baylor, Missouri, South Carolina and Virginia. All that is to say is that SMU and athletic director Rick Hart have an idea of what a Sonny Dykes era will look like on the Hilltop. He turned Cal around on the field and in the classroom and was successful at the non-Power Five level with Louisiana Tech. It's not that Traylor is inexperienced. He spent 15 years building Gilmer High School into a state power, winning three state titles in that span while also serving as the school's athletic director. His high school success in East Texas made it easy to picture him as the successor to Morris, himself a renowned high school coach before making it in the college game. But Traylor has only been in the college game for three years. He spent two seasons as the tight ends and special teams coach under Charlie Strong at Texas before coming to SMU this season to serve as associate head coach and running backs coach.
10 things to know about new SMU head coach Sonny Dykes, including his wild college major
MIAMI (AP) — A Frenchman arrested when he arrived in the United States for a world beard-growing championship will plead guilty in federal court on drug charges.
The Miami Herald reports that Gal Vallerius is charged with drug conspiracy and money laundering in South Florida federal court. Investigators say he moderated online sales of cocaine, methamphetamine and oxycodone. He faces at least 20 years in prison. He had an alias of "OxyMonster."
According to a DEA affidavit, Vallerius was detained in Atlanta in 2017 and his laptop seized.
The computer contained the Tor browser, which allows users to conceal their true internet addresses on that network; his log-in credential for Dream Market, the eBay-type marketplace for illegal narcotics and drug paraphernalia; and $500,000 worth of the digital currency bitcoin.
FUN IN THE SUN: Shaun Crossett took advantage of yesterday's weather and went fishing at the boat ramp next to the Burnett Traffic Bridge.
THE weather may feel a little warmer than usual around the Bundaberg region but according to BOM it's spot on average.
Maybe it's the drier than normal conditions which are making people feel the heat.
Bureau of Meteorology forecaster Chris Joseph said, halfway through April, the weather was "very average for this time of year”.
The maximum average temperature for April is 27.5 degrees.
There was a top of 28 yesterday and the next few days would see a maximum of 27-28 degrees.
Mr Joseph said nightly temps had also remained on par with averages the first half of April.
But when it came to rainfall the whole region was relatively dry and well below the norm, he said.
The average April rainfall in Bundaberg is 58.5mm but the Rum City hasn't seen much rain at all so far this month.
"Rainfall has been very poor this month,” Mr Joseph said.
"It's very well below average rainfall - hardly 1mm of rain.”
The dry weather isn't seen as a bad thing for local fishermen who have been taking advantage of the temperate conditions before a windy change set to blow in on Thursday.
Mr Joseph said there would be a strong wind warning for coastal areas around Wide Bay.
He said there would be strong south-easterly winds between 20 and 25 knots an hour until Thursday, when they would strengthen to 30 knots.
Residents are advised to check the water conditions before heading out for the remainder of the week.
APRIL FACTS
Warmest day: April 10 - 30.9 degrees
Coldest day: April 17 - 15.3 degrees
Rainy day: The only day which had rain was April 1
Restaurant chain, Nando's, is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the UK this week.
“On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free quarter chicken or Firestarter* on that day,” a Nando's spokesman confirmed.
Nando's
“Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the UK (excluding Scotland) and you will be eligible.
“Don't worry Nando's don't need to see your grades, unless you want to brag about them!”
The deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now and the offer is open to students who are legal residents of the UK with the exception of Scotland.
The offer runs until 17th August 2017 and can only be redeemed once.
For more information and the terms and conditions visit the Nandos website.
It's high time the German government reformed immigration laws, according to more and more impatient politicians. The anxiety was expressed most recently by the deputy state premier of North Rhine-Westphalia, Joachim Stamp, who told the Süddeutsche Zeitung on Saturday that the federal government needed to organize a summit on the issue "as quickly as possible."
"The immigration law pops up in every soap box speech," he said. "People will feel like they're being made fools of if we don't act soon."
Read more: Windrush scandal puts UK immigration policy on the spot
Stamp then went on to stick his finger into the main sore point: that the public debate has failed to distinguish some basic issues. "Asylum, war refugees, the immigration of highly-qualified specialists — everything is thrown into one pot," he said. "What we need is an ordered system: for our humanitarian duty, but also for our own economic future."
Organizing the debate
The fact that the German economy is dependent on immigration is no longer a point of debate among economists, sociologists and various other academics such as those from the Expert Council of German Foundations on Integration and Migration (SVR). The group gave a press conference in Berlin on Tuesday to promote their new report on Germany's immigration and integration laws. What are they for? And what can they change?
Integrating refugees into the labor market remains a big challenge for Germany
Daniel Thym, law professor at the University of Konstanz, said that it was time those questions were asked publicly. "In large parts of the German population, and among politicians and business people, there is a feeling that something just isn't right in Germany on the subject of immigration," he told DW. "We can counter this feeling by saying: We're going to make new rules. That gives people the chance to discuss, and not just in the context of refugees and Islam. So it becomes clear that immigration is also in the interests of the German population."
Read more: Migration summit offers prospect of aid and legal routes
Germany already has very liberal immigration rules for people with college degrees, though they are little known. (This, Thym argues, is where an immigration law can come in — to clarify the policy and give the public debate on a fraught subject a legal foundation.) But there is still room for improvement when it comes to reducing bureaucracy — especially for non-EU immigrants. "We hear that quite a lot," said Thym. "That the consulates abroad aren't fast enough or that the foreign national offices here work too slowly, but that differs from city to city."
Finding the right people
Then there is the question of smoothing the path for people with vocational qualifications. Wido Geis, senior economist at the Cologne-based German Economic Institute (IW), said this was one of Germany's biggest problems — the lack of qualified technicians — a shortage that is only going to get worse as the highly-qualified people among the baby boomer generation retire out of the workforce. "The potential for activating an unused domestic workforce is very limited in the medium term," Geis told DW — and nor will the other EU countries be able to help much, faced as they are with similar demographic developments. "That means that the number of people prepared to emigrate in the medium-term will almost certainly sink," said Geis. "That's why Germany will also need specialists from third countries."
Read more: Germany warns Georgia over spike in asylum applications
The SVR had a solution for that problem: making German rules more flexible when it comes to equating foreign qualifications with German ones, and making it easier to recognize foreign qualifications. That's easier said than done, but the SVR has a few ideas.
The German economy cannot keep growing without immigration
Firstly, German businesses could expand training cooperation initiatives with other countries, so that German standards become standard elsewhere. Secondly, Germany should make it easier for people to emigrate to the country to begin training programs. And thirdly, the "equivalency criteria" for foreign qualifications could be loosened, so that a single monolithic equivalence could be replaced with a variety of criteria a potential migrant would only need to fulfill two or more of to be able to move to Germany, such as language competence, having a place on a training scheme, or financial security.
The Canadian model and refugees
Many right-wing populists in the US, the UK and Germany remain committed to the Canadian model of legal immigration, which filters potential immigrants out to include only the most qualified. But for one thing Canada has it easy, says Thym, because of its geographical location, and for another, some countries like the UK have already implemented a highly selective immigration policy. In any case, that is only one part of immigration — there are also EU citizens in the UK and those who have arrived via asylum procedures.
Read more: French parliament passes sweeping immigration law
And the main problem remains — how to integrate the large number of often unqualified refugees who arrived in 2015 and 2016. Here the answer is only that there are no easy answers. Or rather, there is an easy answer, but it is politically difficult — massive investment in social infrastructure to "get as many refugees as possible into job training," as Weis puts it.
"These aren't problems that can be solved overnight," said Thym. "These are problems that economic migrants are also struggling with."
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
Automatic Dependent Surveillance – Broadcast (ADS–B) is a surveillance technology in which an aircraft determines its position via satellite navigation and periodically broadcasts it, enabling it to be tracked. The dependence of ADS-B on data from the aircraft's navigation system and its capability to function without a pilot or external input makes it both a dependent & automatic system. As per FAA, aircraft operating in most controlled U.S. airspace must be equipped with ADS-B by 2020. The determinants influencing the market growth of ADS-B are increase in airspace congestion and modernization of air traffic management infrastructure, use of ADS-B for UAVs, development of new airports, and high cost and affordability for small aircraft operators. The ADS-B implementation by various countries worldwide and ADS-B as an economical alternative for TCAS and ACAS are expected to offer growth opportunities in the upcoming years. Contracts and agreements & partnerships are some major strategies adopted by major players operating in the ADS-B market, in order to maintain a foothold.
Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on fit, type, component, platform, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automatic-dependent-surveillance-broadcast-market/request-sample
Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast Market Segmentation
By Fit
Line Fit
• Retrofit
By Type
ADS-B In
• ADS-B Out
• ADS-B Ground Stations
By Component
Antenna
• Receiver
• Transponder
• ADS-B Ground Receivers
• Others
By Platform
Fixed Wing
• Rotary Wing
By Application
Airborne Surveillance
• Terminal Maneuvering Area Surveillance
Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on automatic dependent surveillance- broadcast market covering specific country/region only.
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automatic-dependent-surveillance-broadcast-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
WASHINGTON: The White House signaled a sharp break with decades of support for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, on the eve of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to the White House.
A senior White House official said the United States would no longer seek to dictate the terms of any eventual peace settlement, but would support what the two sides agree to together.
“A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not a goal that anybody wants to achieve,” the official said on condition of anonymity.
“Peace is the goal, whether that comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want, or something else if that's what the parties want.”
President Trump will host Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday, and is expected to express his desire to help broker a solution to the conflict.
For the better part of half a century successive US governments, Republican and Democrat, have backed a two-state solution.
But since coming to office Trump has sought to show that the United States is an unwavering ally of Israel, trying to draw a contrast with President Barack Obama.
Obama often warned that Israeli settlement construction could make a two-state solution impossible, and that a one state solution would put the future of the Jewish state in question.
“That's going to be up to them, we are not going to dictate what the terms of peace are going to be,” said the official. AFP
AFP/CC
About
Some people say that it is a nightmare to work with friends, we say that working with friends is a gift of the Universe. For almost 10 years we h… Read More
Some people say that it is a nightmare to work with friends, we say that working with friends is a gift of the Universe. For almost 10 years we have been collaborating with buddies from PYE Optics, and below is a small part of our long-standing cooperation. Read Less
Published:
The scene of the fatal crash north of Tiaro which closed the highway until 10pm.
UPDATE 7.30am: A police media spokeswoman has confirmed members of a Brisbane family were killed in the crash on the Bruce Highway near Tiaro on Monday afternoon.
The spokeswoman said a 30-year-old woman killed in the crash was driving the vehicle believed to be hit head on in the collision.
The male passenger who died was a 22-year-old.
A 14-year-old boy was taken to hospital in a critical condition.
EARLIER: A MAN and woman are dead and four are in hospital after a crash on the Bruce Highway between Gympie and Maryborough marred the final day of the Easter weekend.
Emergency services were called to the multi-vehicle collision 6km north of Tiaro about 3.10pm.
Police confirmed two people were killed. Another was seriously injured.
The head-on crash caused holiday traffic chaos.
Gympie Police Patrol Group Acting Inspector Paul Algie said it appeared a vehicle had been in the overtaking lane when it veered right, clipping another vehicle before colliding head-on with a third.
"The driver and passenger of the third vehicle were killed instantly," he said.
The highway remained closed until about 10 o'clock last night.
Photos View Photo Gallery
OUR SAY: Easter break ends in 'most tragic way imaginable'
The tragedy caused mass delays as families returned from Easter celebrations.
A Queensland Fire and Emergency Services spokeswoman said fire crews battled two car fires that broke out at the crash site.
Two dead after crash in Tiaro: Acting Inspector Paul Algie addresses the media following the horror smash in Tiaro.
Among those injured was a man in his 20s who was flown to the Princess Alexandra Hospital in a serious condition with pelvic injuries and leg fractures.
A male teenager and a woman aged in her 50s were flown to the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital in a stable condition after they sustained abdominal injuries.
Paramedics confirmed another man was taken to hospital, while four other victims were assessed at the scene but declined further treatment at hospital.
Police were last night urging motorists to delay their travel plans and to avoid the area as the Forensic Crash Unit investigated the incident.
The crash was a horror end to an otherwise fatality-free long weekend.
But Easter traffic clogged the highway from Brisbane to north of the Sunshine Coast.
The Bruce Highway was congested for about 40km from Caboolture to Palmview.
Police said more than 3700 motorists were detected speeding on Easter Sunday including a motorcyclist who was allegedly travelling at 183km/h in a 100km/h zone on the Sunshine ­Motorway.
Police also charged a 25-year-old man with drink- driving after he was allegedly caught with a blood-alcohol concentration of 0.252 per cent at Mornington Island on Sunday night.
BAR HARBOR
Robert J. DeSimone, Bar Harbor, to Bar Harbor Savings & Loan, Bar Harbor, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Kebo Properties LLC, Bar Harbor, to Christopher B. Swan, Bar Harbor, land. Quitclaim Deed.
David W. Poland and Bonnie A. Poland, Bar Harbor, to Ja won Song and Samycol Back, Austin, Texas, as joint tenants, land. Quitclaim Deed.
BLUE HILL
Dorothy H. Campbell, Blue Hill, to Cory Travis Nevells, Blue Hill, land with buildings and improvements. Warranty Deed.
Patricia S. Bergstrom, f/k/a Patricia S. Herklotz, Ellsworth, to Ronfald R. Pineau and Marilyn Pineau, Blue Hill, as joint tenants, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
BROOKSVILLE
Anne M. Orlando, a/k/a Anne Moore Orlando, Worcester, Mass., to Anne M. Orlando, trustee of the Anne M. Orlando Trust, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
BUCKSPORT
Citifinancial Servicing LLC, O'Fallon, Mo., to Citifinancial Servicing LLC,land. Quitclaim Deed.
Susan C. Dakin and Wayne M. Dakin, Hermon, to Chandler Wilson II, Bucksport, land with buildings or improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Susan C. Dakin and Wayne M. Dakin, Hermon, to Linda White, Bucksport, land with buildings and improvements. Corrective Release Deed.
Susan C. Dakin and Wayne M. Dakin, Hermon, to Susan C. Dakin and Wayne M. Dakin, Hermon, as joint tenants, land with buildings or improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
People's United Bank, N.A., f/k/a Merrill Merchants Bank, Burlington, Vt., to People's United Bank, N.A., Burlington, Vt., land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
People's United Bank, N.A., f/k/a Merrill Merchants Bank, Burlington, Vt., to People's United Bank, N.A., Burlington, Vt., land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Amy J. Albert, personal representative of the Estate of William R. Potter, to David T. Cherry and Debra A. Cherry, Peachtree Corners, Ga., as joint tenants, land. Deed of Sale by Personal Representative.
Joyce M Bennett, Bucksport, to James Bryant, land. Quitclaim Deed.
DEDHAM
Clifford B. Larlee Jr., Auburn, personal representative of the Estate of Carol Larlee Gilbert, a/k/a Carol Lynne Gilbert, to Cliffored B. Larlee Jr., Auburn, and Sandra C. Larlee, Cape Elizabeth, as tenants in common, land. Deed of Distribution.
Mark E. Eggleton and Janet A. Berkel, Holden, to Crisostomo R. Baliog Jr., Eddington, land. Warranty Deed.
Meredith A. Walton, Dedham, to Matthew P. Roeber and Sharon K. A. Roeber, Ellsworth, as joint tenants, land with improvements. Warranty Deed.
Monnier Rentals, LLC, Dedham, to Kimberly A. Spence and Aaron Spence, Hermon, as joint tenants, land. Warranty Deed.
George C. Adams Jr. and Joyce H. Adams, Dedham, to Daniel P. Duran and Heidi Duran, Raleigh, N.C., as joint tenants, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
DEER ISLE
Natasha Allen, Brooksville, to Elizabeth Grace Clough, Stonington, land. Quitclaim Deed.
Opera House Arts, Stonington, to John David Lincoln and Elizabeth R. Lincoln, as joint tenants, land. Warranty Deed.
ELLSWORTH
Scott K. Shields, Bar Harbor, to Dale Bradford Kohr, Ellsworth, land with all structures and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Clara Blacknall Wilson, Atlanta, Ga., and Robert R. Smith of Ga., co-personal representatives of the Estate of J. Miles H. Wilson, a/k/a James Miles Hugh Wilson, to Carla Blacknall Wilson, Atlanta, Ga., land with buildings and improvements.
Inhabitants of the municipality of Ellsworth, to Angela Hillman and Christopher Hillman, Stafford, Va., land. Municipal-Quitclaim Deed.
City of Ellsworth, to Ellsworth Business Development Corporation, Ellsworth, land. Quitclaim Deed.
Ellsworth Business Development Corporation, Ellsworth, to Robert Breeden, d/b/a Breeden Fine Ironwork, Ellsworth, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Alice M. Jordan, Ellsworth, to Stanwood Wildlife Sanctuary, Ellsworth, land. Quitclaim Deed.
Ralph R. Jordan, Ellsworth, to Stanwood Wildlife Sanctuary, Ellsworth, land with all improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
John S. Lawshe and Cheryl J. Lawshe, Ellendale, Delaware, to Hans Eduard Van Der Does and Linda Jean Van Der Does, trustees of the Hans Eduard and Linda Jean Van Der Does Revocable Family Trust, North Berwick, land with buildings and improvements. Warranty Deed.
Bulldog Realty LLC, Bangor, to Colby Way, LLC, Bangor, land with all structures and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, McLean, Va. To Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, McLean, Va., land. Quitclaim Deed.
Tinker Hill Condominium, LLC, a/k/a Tinker Hill Condominiums LLC, Brooklyn, N.Y., to Richard M. Suydam and Sandra L. Ramsdell, Juneau, Alaska, as joint tenants, land. Quitclaim Deed.
Alice McAteer, Palm Harbor, Fla., to Harold Francis and Jeanne Francis, Douglas, Mass., as joint tenants, land with buildings or improvements. Warranty Deed.
Coastal Acreage Inc., Bangor, to Anne M. Boniface, Stillwater, land with improvements. Warranty Deed.
Connie Jan Sears, Ellsworth, to Harry S. Jones III, Jennifer Jones and Emilie Jones, trustees of The HSJ Real Estate Title Holding Trust, Ellsworth, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Grace M. Schimpf, Hancock, to Broughman Builders, Inc., Ellsworth, land. Quitclaim Deed.
GOULDSBORO
Arnold S. Francis, Steuben, to Marion Alley, Hancock and Arnold G. Francis, Steuben, land with buildings. Quitclaim Deed.
Nationstar Mortgage LLC, dba Champion Mortgage Company, to Timothy J. Kinney, land. Special Warranty Deed.
HANCOCK
Sheila C. Denny-Brown, Hancock, to Douglas Scott Denny-Brown, Bedford, Mass., land. Quitclaim Deed.
William O. Andrews, Sullivan, to A & J Rentals, LLC, Gouldsboro, land. Quitclaim Deed.
State of Maine, Augusta, to William O. Andrews, Sorrento, land. Governor's Deed.
Michael Crosby, Gorham, and Sylvia Jane Crosby Giles, United Kingdom, co-personal representatives of the Estate of Oliver S. Crosby, to Michael Crosby, Gorham, and Sylvia Jane Crosby Giles, Heneleaze, UK, as tenants in common, land. Deed of Distribution by Personal Representative.
Robert I. Brown, Mattituck, N.Y., and Cassandra Brown, New York City, N.Y., to Robert I. Brown Mattituck, N.Y., any right, title or interest in, land. Release Deed.
MARIAVILLE
Hannah M. Colson, Otis, personal representative of the Estate of Leroy Colson Jr., to Leroy Colson III, Otis, land with all structures and improvements. Deed of Distribution.
MOUNT DESERT
Nathan Carroll and Vanessa Carroll, Southwest Harbor, to James S. Rogers and Dorothy C. Rogers, trustees of James S. Rogers Trust one-half undivided interest and to Dorothy C. Rogers and James S. Rogers, trustees of Dorothy C. Rogers Trust, one-half undivided interest, as tenants in common by each Trust, Winchester, Mass., land. Quitclaim Deed.
George Sayen, Philadelphia, Pa., to Catherine S. Ravenel, Charleston, S.C., and John J. Sayen Jr., Quantico, Va., and George Sayen, trustees of the Sayen Family 2016 Long Pond Revocable Trust, his right, title and interest in land. Quitclaim Deed.
Catherine S. Ravenel, Mt. Pleasant, S.C. To Catherine S. Ravenel, John J. Sayen Jr., Quantico, Va., and George Sayen, Philadelphia, Pa., as trustees of the Sayen Family 2016 Long Pond Revocable Trust, her right, title and interest in land. Quitclaim Deed.
John J. Sayen Jr., Quantico, Va., to John J. Sayen Jr. and George Sayen, Philadelphia, Pa., and Catherine S Ravenel, Mount Pleasant, S.C., as trustees of the Sayen Family 2016 Long Pond Revocable Trust, his right, title and interest in land. Quitclaim Deed.
Susan S. Stanley, Naples, Fla., and Nancy S. Brickley, Boston, Mass., to Kathleen Claire Homer, a/k/a Kate C. Homer and Jason T. Homer, Trenton, as joint tenants, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
ORLAND
Barbara P. Ward, Blue Hill, to Cheryl L. Harris, Trenton, land. Warranty Deed.
Hoxie Hill, LLC, Bangor, to Marion Britts, Franklin, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Andrew Morehouse, Williamsburg, Mass., and John Morehouse, Norwalk, Conn., to Stephen Najjar, Weare, N.H., land with buildings and improvements. Warranty Deed.
OTIS
Aron A. Atherton, a/k/a Aron Albert Atherton, Ellsworth, to GCM, LLC, Otis, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
PENOBSCOT
John F. Hutchins, Penobscot, to New Road Investments, LLC, Blue Hill, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
SEDGWICK
Michelle Tuttle, Milo, to Francis Tuttle, Sedgwick, all interest in and to, land. Release Deed.
Joan Thelwell, trustee of the Joan Thelwell Revocable Trust, Sedgwick, to Benjamin Thelwell, Sedwick, land. Trustee's Deed of Distribution.
SORRENTO
Dede Wilder, a/k/a Dede Schmitt, a/k/a Deborah Ely Schmitt, Brunswick, Laurence D. Ely, Amherst, Mass., And Sabra Newell Ely Ewing, Vershire, Vt., to Stephen Dwyre, Corea, land. Quitclaim Deed.
SOUTHWEST HARBOR
Ben Fulves, Portland, to Janet Strong and Robery Hoyt, Southwest Harbor, as joint tenants, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
H.R. Kaprelian and April M. Kaprelian, a/k/a A.M. Kaprelian, Polk City, Fla., to David John Grulke and Christine Cecelia Grulke, Tolland, Conn., as joint tenants, land with buildings and improvements. Warranty Deed.
Lester C. Kenway, Bangor, personal representative of the Estate of Edward Northwood Kenway, to Geoffrey W. Kenway, Troutdale, Ore., land with buildings and improvements. Deed of Sale by Personal Representative.
Glenn Murphy, Bass Harbor and Lisa Melcher, Bowdoin, as co-personal representatives of the Estate of Irene S. Murphy, to John R. Williams and Martha Williams, Southwest Harbor, as joint tenants, land with buildings. Deed of Sale by Personal Representative.
Donna M. Carr, Waldo, to Christopher H. Lyford and Cari S. Lyford, Scarborough, as joint tenants, timeshare estate Unit 54, Week 28, Harbor Ridge Condominium. Warranty Deed.
Elizabeth Lindsay, Hartland, to Durwood H. Beckwith Sr., Harland, timeshare estate Unit 26, Week 31, Harbor Ridge Condominium. Warranty Deed.
Hugh D. and Linda H. Lockman, Hilton Head, S.C., to Martha Amoroso and Gino P. Amoroso, Woodbridge, Va., as joint tenants, timeshare estate Unit 12, Week 38, Harbor Ridge Condominium. Warranty Deed.
STONINGTON
Brian R. Billings, Deer Isle, to Jared Gove, Stonington, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Janice W. Shepard, Stonington, to Elizabeth A. Alley, Stonington, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Janice W. Shepard, Stonington, personal representative of the Estate of Elwell L. Shepard, to Janice W. Shepard, Stonington, land with improvements.
SURRY
Michelle P.Rafferty, Ellsworth, to Maurice C. Cunningham and Adrienne E. Cunningham, Surry, as joint tenants, land with buildings. Warranty Deed.
Christopher C. Jones, Ellsworth, personal representative of the Estate of Elaine M. Jones, to Robert S. McNeill and Beverly A. McNeill, Randolph Center, Vt., as joint tenants, land. Corrective Deed by Personal Representative.
SWAN'S ISLAND
David Rockefeller Jr., Richard E. Salomon and James S. Sligar, New York, N.Y., personal representatives of the Estate of David Rockerfeller, to Eileen R. Growald, Shelburne, Vt., land. Personal Representatives Deed of Distribution.
George Cole and Patricia Cole, Bluffton, S.C. To Michael Starnback and Eileen Starnback, Needham, Mass., as joint tenants, land. Warranty Deed.
TOWNSHIP 3
Marcelle M. Burke, Scarborough, personal representative of the Estate of Eugene Alfred Carrier, to Gordon Carrier, East Waterboro, and State of Maine, East Waterboro, one-third interest in land. Deed of Distribution by Personal Representative.
TOWNSHIP 9
Kenneth R. Parent, a/k/a Kenneth A. Parent and Eleanor M. Parent, Orono, to Daina J. Nathanson, Scarborough, land. Warranty Deed.
TREMONT
Stephen R. Larson and Martha Bonney, Tremont, to Robert Diamond and Mary Beaumont, Cream Ridge, N.J., as joint tenants, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Christine R. Norton, Cumberland County, personal representative of the Estate of Chirstopher N. Gridley, to Steven T. Kenney, Southwest Harbor, land. Deed of Sale by Personal Representative.
Frances M. Hann, f/k/a Frances M. Scheid, Lehigh Acres, Fla., to Joanne M. Harper, Seal Cove, land with all structures and improvements. Release Deed.
TRENTON
Ronald L. Johson and Hedy Johnson, trustees of the H & R Johnson Living Trust, Lake Worth, Fla., to Broughmans Builders Inc., Ellsworth, its undivided one-half interest in land. Trustees' Deed.
Sharon Spadaro, Eustis, Fla., to Broughman Builders Inc., Ellsworth, her undivided one-half interest in land. Quitclaim Deed.
Leslie Hogben Hunacek, Ames, Iowa, and Virginia Lynn Hogben, Philadelphia, Pa. co-personal representatives of the Estate of Anne S. Hogben, to Leslie Hogben Hunacek, Ames, Iowa, and Virginia Lynn Hogben, Philadelphia, Pa., as tenants in common, land. Deed of Distribution by Personal Representative.
Bulldog Realty, LLC, Bangor, to Ellsworth-Trenton, LLC, Bangor, land with all structures and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Jerry E. Taylor and Debra K. Taylor, Ellsworth, to Sarita Pfahl, Bar Harbor, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Aniko Giampetruzzi, Overland Park, Kan., personal representative of the Estate of Maria Kovacs, to John E. Pouwels, Franklin, land with all structures and improvements.
WINTER HARBOR
Lisa E. Roche, Esq., successor trustee of the George Blance Jr. Living Trust, to George C. Blance III, trustee of the George C. Blance III Revocable Trust, Lowell, Mass., land. Warranty Deed.
George Blance, Lowell, Mass., to George C. Blance III, trustee of the George C. Blance III Revocable Trust, land with all structures and improvements. Warranty Deed.
Germany's first Formula One world champion in a Silver Arrow, Nico Rosberg, will meet 500 selected motor sports enthusiasts at a fan event on the open-air stage outside the Mercedes-Benz Museum. Those wishing to attend can register at classic@daimler.com with the subject line “Fan event Nico Rosberg.” Speed is of the essence, because only the first 300 fans – each with a companion – will be there on Monday next week, between 12.30 and 2 p.m. The event will be moderated by Heiko Wasser, sports journalist and Formula One commentator.
The vehicle driven by the 2016 Formula One world champion will once again cross the finishing line: Rosberg will be there in person when his Mercedes-Benz F1 W07 Hybrid is added to the permanent exhibition at the Mercedes-Benz Museum. With this, both driver and vehicle will take their places in the brand's long and successful motor sports tradition. Ola Källenius, Member of the Board of Management of Daimler AG with responsibility for Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars Development, will welcome the racing driver on behalf of the company. The winning vehicle will be on view for all visitors to the Museum from Tuesday during the normal opening times.
Special technology for vehicle logistics
The addition and removal of vehicles is a routine, yet each time exciting, activity at the Mercedes-Benz Museum. For vehicle logistics, the Mercedes-Benz Museum has extensive technology at its disposal, for moving even very large exhibits. The centrepiece is a custom-built 40-ton crane with a cradle resembling a steel bridge. It operates in tandem with a hydraulic lifting platform located outside, at the rear wall of the Museum. It is used to raise the loaded crane cradle from road level to the level of the atrium. The cradle is borne by air cushions, and together with its load and despite the immense weight, it can be moved around the floor of the atrium relatively easily by remote control.
World champion Silver Arrow
Rosberg is the first German driver to win the Formula One world championship in a Mercedes-Benz Silver Arrow. The race series has been held since 1950. Rosberg made sure of the coveted title in the final race of the 2016 season. At the wheel of the F1 W07 Hybrid, the racing driver last year won a total of nine Grands Prixs with five second-place finishes and two third places. The team as a whole was victorious in 19 out of 21 races, a new record.
As the overall winner, Rosberg fulfilled a lifelong dream after ten years in Formula One. Five days after his magnificent triumph, he announced his retirement from active Formula One.
Hybrid technology in production vehicles
At the Mercedes-Benz Museum, the new Silver Arrow will join the ranks of iconic racing cars from over 120 years of Mercedes-Benz motor sports history. Each individual vehicle also represents an advance in technology. Since 2014, hybrid powertrains have been compulsory in Formula One – and since then both the drivers' world championship and the constructors' title have each year gone to Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport. This underscores the Stuttgart brand's expertise when it comes to developing alternative powertrains.
NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that the CBI had registered a preliminary inquiry in the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) paper leak case. The apex court was also informed that the CBI is investigating the matter.A petition was filed in the top court seeking an investigation into the allegations of leak of questions of the CGL (Tier-II) Examination 2018 held from February 17 to 21. The court on March 12 sought a response from the Centre on the plea.Scores of SSC aspirants have been protesting since February 27, seeking a CBI investigation into the alleged paper leak.Demanding that the CBI should investigate the matter, thousands of students had assembled outside the Staff Selection Commission's office at CGO Complex in New Delhi for days in February.The SSC has organised CGL tier 2 online examinations which were attended by around 1.9 lakh candidates between February 17 and February 22. Students have alleged that the question paper was leaked and found circulating on the social media before the exam was conducted.The examination is an online test and is held to fill clerical posts in government officesStudents also raised questions on examination policies and transparency of the Staff Selection Commission. Two candidates who had successfully qualified the CGL exams in 2015 and 2016 said they haven't received joining letters yet.
Does Curtis McKenzie really have a chance to be a regular player this year? He seems to have done very well in the AHL, and at age 26 is definitely ready to be an NHL regular. What say you?
Heika : I'm not good with prospects. I sort of wait until they get here to start forming opinions. But if you want a wild off-the-wall opinion, give me Oettinger. I think he could be the one who is left standing when Ben Bishop rides off. And everything I hear about Heiskanen is that he is fantastic. The reports are he is way ahead in his defensive play and needs to catch up on offense. That's a good situation for a young defenseman.
Who do you look at as a potential diamond in the rough out of the young crop: Ondrej Vala, Jason Robertson, Jake Oettinger, Colton Point, Roope Hintz? And is Heiskanen as good as he appears to be?
Heika: McKenzie didn't make the opening roster in large part because of his speed. If he can play fast, and he can be effective, there is still a chance he can earn a spot over Gemel Smith or Remi Elie, but the game is trending toward speed, so Elie and Smith have a better chance when everyone is healthy.
It seems with first-round pick the Nill era is no different than prior administrations. Connor, Pasternak, Larkin, Domi, Debrincat are not hindsight success. They're falling in line with their draft reports yet our picks are off the wall and in the case of Honka don't seem to be given much of a leash. Why do the Stars brass continually believe they know something other scouts and GMs don't?
Heika: That is what scouts do. They always believe they know more. The record is so-so right now, and this administration wants to "overcook" its prospects, so the process is they could be geniuses in a couple of years. They have a plan, and they believe in the plan, so all we can do is sit back and watch.
Greg and Dan don't allow many goals, I get it, but according to the fancy stats their black holes in possession and they just don't generate much the other direction. Methot will be back and I don't see how Rig gets back in. Honks is playing well and that pairing should not be getting second D pair minutes. Mike at what point do they realize Pateryn is an ideal 6th or 7th and deploy speed and quick up passes?
Heika: If they get 15 games above .500, they might start trusting Honka. Right now, my guess is they will play the defensemen who have the best chance to win the game that night. Pateryn is helping them win right now, so my guess is he stays in.
Out of all the line juggling we've seen, how come we have yet to witness Benn Spezza Janmark? All this bloviating about Tyler being our franchise C why not leave him alone on the top line with Rads and whoever and then give Spezza the winger he needs? 91 and 14 can carry a line by themselves.
Heika: I think it's working fine now, but that would be an option. There are a lot of options out there. :)
CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE FULL CHAT
A drop goal by Jonathan Sexton in the 83rd minute broke France as Ireland edged a dramatic Six Nations encounter 15-13 in the rain.
The French looked out of it until a superb converted try by right winger Teddy Thomas swung it in their favor and made it 13-12 with only eight minutes to go. Replacement flyhalf Anthony Belleau made the conversion but blew a penalty shortly afterward, giving the Irish time.
They used it with extraordinary composure to work into the French half, going through nearly 40 phases of play before appearing to stall around halfway.
Then came the moment.
Sexton showed a sniper's eye and nerves of steel to unleash a jaw-dropping pot kick from 44 meters. As its descent appeared to slow down, it just crept over the crossbar to send Irish fans into absolute delirium.
Sexton could not quite believe it, taking a second to check it was given before he was mobbed by his teammates.
France's players dropped to their knees in a mixture of exhaustion and frustration. So much effort for so little reward.
Power is out for hundreds of central Auckland homes following reports of a transformer explosion in Avondale.
Fire Emergency New Zealand responded to Blockhouse Bay Rd at 7.42pm following reports of a transformer explosion.
However after no signs of fire, the matter was passed on to Vector, a FENZ spokesman said.
A Vector spokesperson said the company was sending out a repair crew to investigate.
Advertisement
They were responding to reports of an explosion but had not yet arrived on scene to confirm at 8pm.
FC Barcelona has emphatically denied reports that its former president, Sandro Rosell, illegally bought a liver for the French defender Eric Abidal six years ago.
On Wednesday the online Spanish newspaper El Confidencial claimed that phone calls intercepted by police showed Rosell implicitly admitting that he had “bought an illegal liver” for the player, who was found to have a tumour on his liver in 2011.
Abidal, who is now the club's director of football, has always maintained that the liver was donated by his cousin Gerard. He had transplant surgery in 2012 at the Hospital Clinic de Barcelona, which has said it followed “the letter of the law” with his transplant.
According to El Confidencial, however, Rosell's calls raised doubts over the donor's identity and were passed to a judge who was investigating allegations about the liver having been purchased illegally.
Spain's national transplant organisation said it had no evidence to suggest any wrongdoing in the case, but had decided to launch a joint investigation with the Hospital Clinic de Barcelona and the Catalan transplant authorities, as a precautionary measure, in line with its “zero tolerance” approach to organ trafficking.
“According to the information we have, Eric Abidal's donation and transplant process was conducted in accordance with the relevant legislation and the usual clinical protocols governing live organ transplant,” it said.
The club issued a statement later on Wednesday in response to the claims.
“In light of the reports published today about the transplant undergone by the current technical director of the first team, Eric Abidal, FC Barcelona emphatically denies that there was anything irregular about it, as have both he and the directors of the Hospital Clinic de Barcelona,” it said.
The statement said El Confidencial's report had also left out the “key fact” that the investigation into Rosell's alleged purchase of the organ had been shelved by a Catalan court in May last year.
The club said it deeply regretted “the lack of rigour in the reporting of such a sensitive issue” and wished to underline its commitment to both Abidal and the foundation he established five years ago to help children with similar medical problems.
In a separate statement the Eric Abidal Foundation also categorically denied the reports, insisting that “the entire transplant process was conducted according to established protocols and procedures”. The charity said Abidal was grateful to everyone involved in his medical treatment, including his cousin Gerard.
Rosell was arrested in May 2017 as part of an investigation into alleged money-laundering.
A week ago, a Spanish judge ruled that Rosell, his wife and four others, would stand trial on charges of money laundering relating to the sale of TV rights for Brazil matches.
It is alleged that Rosell, a former Nike executive, and his wife laundered nearly €15 million from TV deals and another €5 million from a sponsorship contract between the sports clothing company and Brazil.
Rosell has denied any wrongdoing.
- Guardian service
The 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class has been announced. It has some great names, including two of the greatest linebackers and two of the greatest receivers to play the game.
Ray Lewis, Brian Urlacher, Brian Dawkins, Randy Moss, Terrell Owens, Bobby Beathard, Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile are the new inductees.
The Arizona Cardinals were left out of the Hall this year, as none of the inductees played for them.
They had candidates.
Alan Faneca, who played the final of his 13 NFL seasons with the Cardinals in 2010. He did not make the cut this year, despite his nine Pro Bowls and six first-team All-Pro selections. He was a finalist.
Running back Edgerrin James was also a finalist who didn't get in. James, who finished with more than 12,000 rushing yards for his career, had four seasons with more than 1,500 rushing yards, six with at least 1,200 and seven with at least 1,100.
He played three seasons for the Cardinals and two of them were in the top-10 seasons for rushing yards in a season in franchise history.
Faneca should be a Hall of Famer. Many believe James will make it as well.
The Cardinals had Kurt Warner a year ago and likely will have that connection to the Hall with Faneca and hopefully James in the years to come. But this year, they simply must applaud the careers of those whom they had to face.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
According to National Institute of Cancer, 448.7 new cancer cases per 100,000 men and women are diagnosed each year in the US. Taking into account the gravity of such details, the demand for teleradiology is expected to surge not just in the US, but in regions witnessing higher concurrence of cancer. In its latest report, Future Market Insights assesses that the global demand for teleradiology will soar vigorously in the years to come. And, the report projects that largest share of global teleradiology revenues will be emanating from the US alone. The country will not only account for dominance of North America in the global teleradiology market, but by the end of 2026, US teleradiology revenues will have closed in on US$ 5.5 Bn value. During this period, the US teleradiology market is expected to reflect a sizeable gain of 416 BPS, exhibiting a stellar CAGR of 22.3%.
Report overview@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/teleradiology-market
However, the report also anticipates higher contribution from Europe and the Asia-Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) region. By the end of 2026, the teleradiology market in Europe will have reached US$ 2.76 Bn in value, while teleradiology revenues accounted the APEJ region will record the fastest growth at 24.6% CAGR. European healthcare companies such as Global Diagnostics (Integral Diagnostics), 4ways Healthcare Limited, Medica Group PLC, Teleconsult Europe, and Telemedicine Clinic are also observed as key market players. The report has also profiled companies such as Everlight Radiology, SRL Diagnostics, and Vital Radiology Services, which are based across the APEJ region.
The report has observed that increasing consumer awareness regarding teleradiology & easy accessibility of this technology are boosting the market's growth at considerable extent. Due to online availability of the radiology series, diagnostic images of complex problems can be shared between professionals within a medical setting. Moreover, local clinicians or radiologists can get opinions from subspecialists in order to make informed decision. Active participation and initiatives taken by various government and non-profit organizations to spread awareness regarding telemedicine worldwide is also expected to fuel growth of the global teleradiology market.
A majority of teleradiologists will be preferring CT-scan as the modality for diagnosis, revenues from which are expected to surge at 23.6% CAGR. MRI scan and ultrasound scans will also be prominent modes of carrying out teleradiological diagnosis. While hospitals & clinics, collectively, will remain the largest end-users of teleradiology, the demand for such diagnostic technology is expected to gain traction across ambulatory surgical centres (ASCs). By 2026-end, ASCs will account for an estimated 30% share of global teleradiology revenues.
Request to sample report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1747
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. Teleradiology Market Analysis Scenario
4. Global Teleradiology Market Dynamics
5. Global Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Modality
6. Global Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By End Users
7. Global Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Region
8. US Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Modality
9. US Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By End Users
10. OUS Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Modality
11. OUS Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By End Users
12. OUS Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Region
13. Europe Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Country
14. Competition Landscape
15. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
16. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1747
CONTACT:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
Dental implants are metal posts or titanium posts or frames that are surgically positioned into the jawbone beneath your gums. Once in place, they allow your dentist to mount replacement teeth onto them. An implant doesn't come loose like a denture can. Dental implants also benefit general oral health because they do not have to be anchored to other teeth, like bridges. Because the implants fuse to jawbone, they provide stable support for artificial teeth.
Dentures and bridges mounted to implants won't slip or shift in your mouth, an especially important benefit when eating and speaking. This secure fit helps the dentures, and bridges as well as individual crowns placed over implants feel more natural than conventional bridges or dentures. Dental implants can be used to replace a single tooth, several teeth, or all of the teeth. The goal of teeth replacement is to restore function as well as esthetics. When it comes to tooth replacement, generally, there are three options: (1) removable dental appliance (full denture or partial denture), (2) fixed dental bridge (cemented), and (3) dental implant.
To receive implants, you need to have healthy gums, and adequate bone to support the implant. You must also commit to keeping these structures healthy. Meticulous oral hygiene, and regular dental visits are critical to the long-term success of dental implants. Dental problems you cannot ignore, and in order to get them treated properly, then you have to visit the doctor again and again, this is the reason why you must find some good doctor within your locality, so that it would be convenient for you to visit again and again. To find the best Implant Dentist Gainesville, Florida is not a difficult task, you can easily do it by doing some exercise listed below but not limited to;
* References: Your personal references can also help you to find the best dental implement dentist with contact information. Your reference could be your boss, office staffs, friends, relatives etc.
* Ask to General Dentist: In first case you should talk to general dentist since in some cases, your general dentist may provide complete dental implant care (surgical and restorative) in his or her office.
* Online Portals and Directories: You can also find the information about the Dental Implant Dentists in Gainesville Florida using online portals and directories. It can provide a comprehensive list of dentists who handle all, or part of, the dental implant process.
* Check Newspaper: If you get newspaper daily at your home, so you can search the best professional dentist or dental implement dentist over them. There you will also find the address of some dental clinics available in your area i.e. Gainesville FL.
* Hospitals and Private Clinics: You can also find the dental implement dentist in the local private hospitals and clinics. They operate a central booking system, hence you can also contact them by using online modes such as Emails, Phones or Skype.
Tioga Dental & Orthodontics Clinic Gainesville's most comprehensive dental office offering local, General, Preventive & Family Dentistry in Gainesville, Newberry & Jonesville, FL
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Round was today sacked as technical director at Aston Villa by owner Tony Xia.
The club chairman decided to give Round the boot as preparations for next season begin.
Round was told this morning at Bodymoor Heath and it came as a shock, according to sources.
With CEO Keith Wyness leaving last month - and still no replacement lined up - Villa are now desperately short on senior figures with football experience.
The position of boss Steve Bruce is uncertain, too.
He will take the group out to Portugal tomorrow for a warm-weather training camp following their return to pre-season training yesterday.
It's understood that he will now adopt an old-school approach to transfers, targeting his own men, rather than liaising with Round, or any other sporting director for that matter.
Of course this is nothing new to him. He worked this way at his former clubs and will have no problems returning to that way, should he stay at Villa.
poll loading Are Aston Villa right to get rid of Steve Round? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Bruce and Round got on well and enjoyed a good working relationship. There were never any signs that the manager struggled working under his first ever technical director, either.
The boss also had a certain amount of freedom to track the players he felt were right for the team, rather than just taking advice from the recruitment team.
Xia, meanwhile, has no plans to replace Round and will therefore leave the position vacant.
Outside investment could change the outlook depending on what the potential new board members want for the future.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The scouting department still remains staffed so Bruce will have trusted experts to turn to in the times ahead.
Club secretary Sharon Barnhurst will also provide support with incomings and outgoings over the summer.
But Villa need to sell before they can buy and will only be looking for freebies and loan signings in the weeks ahead.
More Villa news
Aston Villa are in a tussle with West Bromwich Albion and Bristol City for the signature of David McGoldrick, according to reports .
McGoldrick, 30, is a Republic of Ireland international who has left Ipswich Town upon the expiry of his contract this summer.
The forward had been at Portman Road for the last five years and has also previously had spells with Southampton, Nottingham Forest and Coventry City.
Villa, who haven't done any business as of yet this summer because of financial problems that have crippled the club, are supposedly keen on McGoldrick, who is available on a free transfer.
Neighbours Albion and Lee Johnson's Bristol City have also been credited with an interest.
McGoldrick averages roughly one goal every four matches in his playing career.
Takeover latest
Tony Xia has knocked back another offer for a share of the control at Aston Villa.
It can be revealed that an American group bid £30m for 30 per-cent of the club last month - but it was flat-out rejected.
BirminghamLive understands that representatives from the group visited Villa Park and were hoping to play a part in rebuilding the club.
But despite looking for outside investment - and receiving an offer that matched his financial demands - Xia still turned it down.
That's now two serious bids rejected by the Chinese businessman.
Last week we revealed that an offer from a European group for 51 per-cent of control was also rejected.
It's understood that another consortium - who have been linked with a move for Villa before - also met with the current management team consisting of chief commercial officer Luke Organ and others last week.
There has been no formal offer, though.
It's understood that the American group, who placed a bid for 30 per-cent, were confident of getting the go-ahead.
They were also willing to discuss a potential takeover and offered up the promise of another £15m should promotion be achieved in two years.
Of course there were some proposals of their own.
One of those was to sell star performer Jack Grealish for no less than £40m - and use all of the incoming funds as operating capital.
They understand that the 22-year-old is the club's prized asset and actually want to keep him on board next season, but losing him for an exorbitant fee wouldn't be the worse thing to happen if the interest was there.
Xia, however - through his Villa Park representatives - declined the first offer, and that was as far as it got.
They haven't given up hope, though, and are expected to return with another offer later this week.
Meanwhile, as reported by BirminghamLive last week, two other parties remain keen.
They both have the funds available to invest heavily and continue to support the club in the quest for a return to the Premier League, however new owners would have to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations.
They are now in the process of drawing up their offers.
NewsOne
Poor planning and execution caused the preventable deaths in October of eight soldiers in Niger, including Sgt. LaDavid Johnson and three other U.S. soldiers, BuzzFeed News reported.
RELATED: New Details Emerge Surrounding The Death Of U.S. Sgt. La David Johnson In Niger Ambush
Reckless behavior by U.S. Special Forces in Africa, either on the part of the soldiers or their commanders, could have been avoided in what's described as the worst military fiasco during the Trump administration, sources that included a Nigerien general and two senior military officials said. They added that the soldiers lacked sufficient military intelligence before heedlessly rushing into a firefight with militants near the border of Mali.
President Donald Trump has faced questions about the mission to gather information about three senior ISIS militants operating in the remote region of the African country. He got into a twitter war with Johnson's widow, Myeshia Johnson, and U.S. Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-Fla.) over his lack of sympathy and lies surrounding the soldiers' death. While the U.S. military investigates the ambush, news surfaced from villagers in Niger in November that Johnson and the other three U.S. soldiers were found bound and apparently executed by the militants. Johnson's body was found with his hands tied behind his back and with severe head trauma. The militants also stripped the soldiers of their clothes and shoes.
The troops had entered what was considered a “red zone” and committed a series of “negligent” errors, the news outlet reported. About 46 militant attacks occurred in the area during the past year. The soldiers, however, were traveling there in unarmored trucks and lightly armed when the militants ambushed them outside Tongo Tongo. The firefight, which continued for about two hours, ended when a French military aircraft flew overhead. The U.S. Department of Defense declined to comment on the report to BuzzFeed, citing its ongoing probe.
SOURCE: BuzzFeed News
SEE ALSO:
Steve Harvey Sued Over Alleged Charity Fraud, Criticisms Of Oprah and Tyler Perry
TVOne To End Roland Martin's Award-Winning ‘NewsOne Now' Daily Morning Show
Share This: Mark Hamill Had Different Ideas For The Ending Of The Force Awakens Jon
Even if you love The Force Awakens and the new teaser for The Last Jedi, there's some undeniable room for disappointment in the recent Star Wars revival, mostly connected to missed opportunities. While J.J. Abrams had the chance to reunite Leia, Luke, and Han, he instead chose to keep Luke offscreen for most of The Force Awakens, revealing him only after Han bit the dust. (We still don't know if Luke and Leia cross paths in The Last Jedi, but now that Carrie Fisher is gone, future opportunities in that direction are also limited.) The disappointment of this is not lost on Mark Hamill, who recently made his frustrations clear to Fandango, going so far as to propose an alternate ending for The Force Awakens.
“I was reading and thought if Leia is trying to mentally contact me and she's not successful, she'll rush to his aid,” he explained. “She'll get close to him and then get into some dire situation and that's when I show up for a big ‘yay.' Save her life, then we rush to Han and are in the same position that Rey and Finn and Chewie are in. Too late to save him, but witnesses… because it would carry so much emotional resonance into the next film for us—his wife, his best friend—to witness, instead of two characters that have known him, what, 20 minutes? [Besides] Chewie. I thought that was a great missed opportunity.”
Those are surprisingly critical words from one of the stars of The Last Jedi. However, based on his recent praise for writer/director Rian Johnson, you should expect no such complaints when Episode VIII arrives on December 15. Check out the teaser below:
This week on Alice, win tickets to see P!nk live in concert in 2018!
P!nk Beautiful Trauma World Tour is coming to the Oracle Arena on Friday, May 18 and Alice has your tickets!
HERE'S HOW TO WIN P!NK TICKETS:
Listen to Alice all week (10/9 – 10/13) at 9:05 AM, 12:05 PM, 3:05 PM, and 5:05 PM for the cue to call and win. When you hear it, start dialing 1-800-400-FM97. Caller 97 into the studio will win a pair of tickets to see P!nk next year when her Beautiful Trauma World Tour comes to Oracle Arena.
GET IN ON THE P!NK PRE-SALE
Thursday, October 12 from 10 AM – 10 PM with password STRONG at www.livenation.com.
TICKETS GO ON SALE Friday, October 13 at 10 AM at www.livenation.com.
MIAMI (AP) — Puerto Rico is working on building emergency management capabilities that would help the Caribbean island withstand future disasters, the head of the U.S. government agency that oversees disaster response said Wednesday, two days before the official start to the Atlantic hurricane season.
Brock Long, head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, spoke at the National Hurricane Center in Miami.
Long said FEMA has been bolstering its resources in the U.S. territory, including hiring roughly 1,600 residents to build local disaster response systems that did not exist before Hurricane Maria hit the island in September, causing an estimated $100 billion in damage.
Even in an unprecedented year with multiple hurricanes and other natural disasters requiring federal response, Puerto Rico presented a challenge for FEMA because its government lacked an organized response structure, Long said.
Advertisement
In Texas and Florida, which were hit last year by hurricanes Harvey and Irma, state and local response efforts were already in place and running smoothly, Long said.
"When it comes to Puerto Rico, unfortunately, what we face is a very fragile and broken infrastructure that decayed over multiple decades. For example, a large portion of the power grid never worked before Irma and Maria," he said.
Long said FEMA was working with the island's governor to "build a backbone" of staff and resources to make Puerto Rico and its economy more resilient.
Long said he had not read a new study contending that many more deaths than normal occurred in Puerto Rico in the three months after Maria. The study was led by Harvard University researchers, who surveyed a small sample of neighborhoods and then estimated that up to 4,600 more deaths than usual occurred compared with the same period in 2016.
FEMA does not track hurricane-related deaths. Long said local agencies provide that data and there often is a discrepancy between the number of deaths directly attributed to a storm and deaths indirectly linked to one.
In its analysis of Maria, the national hurricane center said the official number of deaths in Puerto Rico stood at 65, though the death toll was "highly uncertain." That report also said "hundreds of additional indirect deaths in Puerto Rico may eventually be attributed to Maria's aftermath pending the results of an official government review."
"Everything with Puerto Rico and Hurricane Maria was very complex," Long said.
At the hurricane center, Long met with FEMA employees, forecasters and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, who said hurricane preparedness begins with individuals and their local communities.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Rose McGowan has reacted to Harvey Weinstein's indictment on rape and criminal sex act charges in New York.
McGowan previously accused the disgraced movie mogul of rape – allegations which helped accelerate his downfall and triggered the Me Too movement.
On Wednesday, 66-year-old Weinstein was indicted and, if convicted of the most serious charges, could face between five and 25 years in prison.
McGowan posted on social media to welcome the news.
The 44-year-old actress said: “INDICTED. FINALLY. I've been indicted by the media he's bought out for years to trash me. Now it is a new chapter for both of us. What would others say about you if they didn't know who you were?
“Who I am has been told to the world for me in magazines, newspapers, blogs, videos, tabloids. The narrative of me – my story – has been sold to you as a work of fiction. The media often cuts you when they can, especially if they've been paid off to – the journalists and reporters who are safe in their cubicles and do not have to drown in your tears or see the bruises.
Harvey Weinstein listens during a court appearance in New York (Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool)
“All they see is numbers. Views. Ratings. And all you were told is that I was a horror show. Someone damaged. Someone off-kilter. Someone not right.
“Luckily, many worldwide saw through this fiction, sadly, far more continue to hound me with this false narrative without realizing that every evil thing they repeat about me means they are doing the work of a rapist.”
Weinstein denies all allegations of non-consensual sex and refused to testify before the grand jury on the advice of his lawyers.
The film producer was charged last Friday on two counts of rape and one of a criminal sexual act for alleged incidents involving two separate women.
© Press Association 2018
An ambitious young couple are crowd funding to open the South Island's first cat cafe.
Nate Ball and Alyssa O'Connor are aiming to raise $25,000 for Catnap Cafe, which if successful will double as a cafe and centre for homeless cats.
The pair volunteer at Cat Rescue Christchurch but say they want to help "even more" homeless cats of Christchurch.
With well over $5,000 raised on Kickstarter and climbing quickly, the couple are hoping to provide a unique cafe experience to the people of Christchurch.
"Post-earthquake Christchurch is constantly changing and we want to be part of that change, to be a positive presence in a community that has been through a lot over the last several years," the pair wrote on Facebook.
"The cat area will be a place for people and cats to come together in a fun and cosy environment with comfy couches, bean bags, cat toys, boxes and basically anything awesome we can find/build to keep our cats happy."
Dive Brief:
Schools across the state of Maine are looking toward proficiency-based education and testing out both new and traditional methods of instruction, experiences which could serve as models for other schools nationwide.
The focus on proficiency is driven by a 2012 state law which requires all students to graduate with a proficiency-based diploma, beginning with the Class of 2021. The law stipulates that every district develop proficiency standards in eight subjects and grant diplomas based on mastery in each area, reports The Hechinger Report.
To meet these goals, schools like Yarmouth High School, have implemented gradual shifts in their curriculum, focusing on using traditional methods to tackle new problems; others have begun to adopt new strategies, such as learning communities.
Dive Insight:
Currently, only Maine and Vermont have actually passed laws to mandate changes in the curriculum to meet the goals of a proficiency or competency based education. However, the trend is gaining attention in other state across the nation, and the models, which come out of Maine as the schools try to adapt can serve as examples to others.
Some schools, like Yarmouth, have already seen success in specific subject areas; by using Next Generation Science Standards, which focus on students figuring out scientific processes rather than memorizing them, teachers have been able to offer more time to students that need it for skill mastery — skills which teachers spent hours together identifying as essential for competency in the topic area. Students interviewed at the school said that they did not mind re-doing assessments, if they didn't master the content on the first try.
However, critics of the program argue that while skill mastery is important, it is only going to be effective if the program is truly personalized — and creating personalized learning programs can take some time. While some teachers feel as though the law was the work of state legislators and not educators with expertise on instructional methods, others feel as though the state has treated them like professionals and given them autonomy over dealing with the requirements. Teachers are still experimenting with their courses to see what is the right fit for their students.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Battles over priorities in a huge government-wide spending bill are essentially settled, leaving a scaled-back plan for President Donald Trump's border wall and a huge rail project that pits Trump against Capitol Hill's most powerful Democrat as the top issues to be solved.
An agreement could be announced as early as Tuesday.
Efforts to tackle politically-charged immigration issues and rapidly rising health insurance premiums appeared to be faltering.
Capitol Hill Democrats rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Democrats appeared likely to yield on $1.6 billion in wall funding, Trump's official request for the 2018 budget year, but they were digging in against Trump's plans to hire hundreds of new immigration agents.
Advertisement
A dispute over abortion seemed likely to scuttle a Senate GOP plan to provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health insurance premium increases.
Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was working on Trump's behalf against funding for a Hudson River tunnel and rail project that's important to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and Republicans from New York and New Jersey.
Monday's developments were described by several lawmakers — as well as congressional aides in both parties who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks remain secretive.
House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The bill would implement last month's budget agreement, providing 10 percent increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies. Coupled with last year's tax cuts, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October.
Many battles over policy riders were sorted out in marathon negotiations over the weekend. As is typical, many of the policy issues were melting away.
"We've had at least 100 that we've taken out," said Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, top Democrat on the Appropriations Committee.
For instance, an effort to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to stabilize the individual health insurance market and help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama's health law appeared to be failing. A complicated dispute involving abortion was at fault.
Trump told Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, that he supports addressing the health insurance issue now as part of the catchall spending plan.
Alexander and Collins are seeking to revive payments to insurers, which Trump halted last fall, that reimburse the carriers for reducing out-of-pocket costs for many low-earning customers. Those reductions are required by the Obama health law, and insurers have made up for the lost federal payments by boosting premiums.
The Republicans said their subsidy plan would reduce premiums by up to 40 percent over time. They would also create a $30 billion, three-year reinsurance program that states could use to help insurers afford to cover their most seriously ill, expensive consumers.
Democrats, however, oppose GOP provisions that would forbid the federal payments from being used to help pay for insurance policies that provide abortion.
And Republicans appeared likely to fail in a bid to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies, several aides said.
"We need to fix that problem," said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.
Elsewhere, efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, program appeared likely to fail, lawmakers and aides said. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now. The White House had revived the idea in recent days — offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall — but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA, a request denied by GOP negotiators.
"Nobody's really moved," said No. 2 Senate Republican John Cornyn of Texas.
Trump tweeted Monday night: "The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!"
The president, meanwhile, has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project, a priority for Schumer. Trump's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Rep. Peter King of New York, who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick's luncheon in the Capitol Thursday.
The Gateway Project would add an $11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating, century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years. It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money.
___
Associated Press writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
Nigeria striker Kelechi Iheanacho made his sixth English Premier League start for Manchester City who returned to winning ways with a 2-1 win over Burnley at the Ethiad stadium on Monday.
Second half strikes from Gael Clichy and Sergio Aguero handed Pep Guardiola's side their 13th win of the campaign in a game which saw Iheanacho replaced at half time by their Argentine marksman.
The game was Iheanacho's 15th appearance this season, scoring four goals and providing three assists so far.
The Nigerian international was through on goal in the seventh minute after he capitalised on a mistake from Ben Mee buy goalkeeper Tom Heaton was on hand to stop the 20-year-old from bagging his fifth goal of the season.
A minute after he also curled a shot just over the crossbar after he was played through by Kevin de Bruyne as Manchester City started dominating possession.
But things got sour for City as Fernandinho was sent off for a two-footed challenge on Johann Berg Gudmundsson. It was his third red card in six games this season.
At the start of the second half, Guardiola made two changes with Navas and Iheanacho making way for David Silva and Aguero.
And in the 58th minute Gael Clichy scored, curling in a shot with his right foot. Aguero made it 2-0 four minutes later when he latched on to Raheem Sterling's rebound effort for his 13th goal of the campaign.
Ben Mee scored a consolatory goal in the 70th minute of the encounter as Manchester City moved up to third on the log with 42 points from 20 games.
At the Stadium of Light, Victor Anichebe was missing from Sunderland's side that held Liverpool to a 2-2 draw. Two spot kicks from Jermain Defoe cancelled out goals by Daniel Sturridge and Saido Mane in the encounter and denied the Reds a chance to move within three points of Premier League leaders Chelsea
Sturridge headed in a mis-hit effort from Dejan Lovren past Vito Mannone but the Black Cats responded well as they levelled scores within five minutes from the spot through Defoe. Didier Ndong had broken into the box before going down under the challenge of Ragnar Klavan.
Mane did regain the lead foe Liverpool from the resulting corner when Papy Djilobodji inadvertently flicked the ball into his path, as he tapped in from close range.
Once again Sunderland responded with an equaliser again from the spot after Seb Larsson's free kick had struck the hand of Mane inside the box.
The results see Liverpool five points behind Chelsea but could see that gap grow to eight should the leaders make it 14 wins in a row against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on Wednesday.
In other results Everton defeated Southampton 3-0. Goals from Enner Valencia,Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku sealed the win for Ronald Koeman's side while West Bromwich Albion were 3-1 winners over Hull City.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today she calls me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
KIRKLAND LAKE -
It took overtime, but the Timmins Rock were able to complete a sweep of a home-and-home series with the Gold Miners Friday night at the Joe Mavrinac Community Complex.
C.J. Bradburn's second goal of the game and 13th on the season at the 2:47 mark of the first overtime period, with the Rock on the power play, lifted the visitors to a 5-4 victory.
That win, combined with the Lumberjacks 6-3 loss to the Powassan Voodoos in Hearst, vaulted the Rock into fourth place in the NOJHL's East Division standings.
The Lumberjacks (17-21-2-1) do, however, have three games in hand on the Rock (17-23-2-2).
The Rock came out flying in Kirkland Lake, outshooting their hosts 18-8 in the opening 20 minutes and emerging with a 2-1 lead.
Jordan Picard staked the visitors to a 1-0 lead at the 9:33 mark of the first period, but the Gold Miners tied things up less than two minutes later on Sam Ellwoodֹ's eighth goal of the season.
Derek Seguin's eight goal of the season, with just under four minutes remaining in the frame, restored the Rock's one-goal advantage before the first intermission.
The two sides exchanged power-play goals late in the second period, with Gregory Trudeau-Paquet netting his 25th goal of the season for the Gold Miners to tie things up at 2-2 and Picard replying with his second goal of the night and 11th of the season with just 41 seconds remaining in the second period.
The Gold Miners struck for a pair of goals 11 seconds apart midway through the third period to tie things up and take a 4-3 lead.
Lukas Lyszyk, with his second of the season, had the first of those two markers, while defenceman Linden Namagoose accounted for the second with his fifth goal of the season.
The Rock were not to be denied, however, and Bradburn's first of two goals on the night and his 12th of the season tied things up at 4-4 just over a minute later.
Rock goalie Tyler Masternak stopped 31 of the 35 shots he faced to pick up his seven win on the season and fifth in a Timmins uniform.
Gold Miners goalie Cade McEwen turned aside 32 of the 37 shots the Rock fired his way and he was tagged with the loss.
NOJHL NOTES — The three stars were Bradburn, Picard and Gold Miners defenceman Connor Evans (three assists) ... The Rock did not dress forwards Stewart Parnell (upper-body injury), Wayne Mathieu (lower-body injury) and Riley Robitaille (serving the fourth game of a five-game suspension) ... The Rock went 2-2 on the power play, while the Gold Miners were 1-8 with the man advantage ... Official attendance at the Joe Mavrinac Community Complex was 183 ... Friday's other action saw the Wildcats double up the Soo Thunderbirds 4-2 in Elliot Lake and the Eagles thump the Espanola Express 11-4 in Sault Ste. Marie, Mich. ... The Rock will return home, wearing their third Golden Bears jerseys, to host the Voodoos at the McIntyre Arena Saturday night. Game time is set for 7 p.m.
In his recent Policy Wonk column (“Minority rule is not democracy”), Orlando Delogu doubled down on his partisan advocacy for trashing the Electoral College in favor of a nationwide popular vote for the U.S. presidency.
His arguments are based on the idea that “one person one vote” is the highest principle in all elections, which simply is not true. Supreme Court decisions have established it as a Constitutional principle only in federal and state elections for House seats. Weighing votes to preserve a small measure of equality among the states is expressly prescribed in the U.S. Constitution, and has never been challenged by the Supreme Court. Given that we are a federalist republic of states, the abiding principle is that the states choose the president in state-by-state elections, a distinctive difference from a national popular vote on the subject.
Our founders deliberately chose a republic over a direct democracy after studying history and finding that direct democracies are neither resilient, stable, nor durable. Their wisdom is borne out by the fact that the U.S. is the world champion in all three of these categories – to which you can add a long list of additional championship achievements.
In asserting that the Electoral College “compromises the legitimacy of our democracy,” Delogu is actually compromising his credentials as a lawyer. His real purpose is to arouse public support for “rigging the system” in the belief (possibly false) that it will favor the election of Democrat presidents.
Robert D. King
Falmouth
When Apple's HomePod launched earlier this year, most early reviews lauded the excellent sound quality and ease of setup but slammed it for its lack of Android compatibility and Siri's ineptitude. Additionally, AirPlay 2 was not yet out so multi-room support and stereo HomePod pairing was out of the question...until now. Apple has finally rolled out AirPlay 2 with the iOS 11.4 update and adds a couple of extra features as well.
AirPlay 2 finally allows iOS devices to stream music to multiple AirPlay devices. This functionality was previously limited to just Macs. In addition to multi-room support and stereo HomePod pairing, AirPlay 2 also increases the network buffer so that songs aren't interrupted during network blips. Speaking of interruptions, AirPlay 2 also allows music to continue streaming even if you receive a call or consume other media on your phone like video or games.
As far as improvements with Siri on the HomePod, Apple is adding calendar support. You can ask Siri about your meetings, other calendar events, and add things to your calendar. It will also work with any calendar you add to the Calendar app on iOS. Unfortunately, this is linked to the HomePod's personal request feature so anybody can simply walk up to your HomePod and modify your calendar. Apple still has not enabled individual voice recognition on the HomePod to prevent other users from accessing your personal data. On a positive note, you can move music around to different HomePod speakers by just simply asking Siri to move it whatever room you want.
A number of third party companies have announced AirPlay 2 support including Bose, Pioneer, Sonos, Bang & Olufsen, and Bowers & Wilkins. There's a pretty big catch, however. Most smart speakers are able to connect to music streaming services by themselves since they're connected to the internet. AirPlay requires your iOS device to essentially act as the hub of streaming with the device connecting to the music service instead of the speaker.
The iOS 11.4 update also brings another massive update, Messages in iCloud. This feature was announced at WWDC 2017 but is only just now being released.
Basically, Messages in iCloud stores all of your messages (including SMS) in iCloud. If you delete a message on one device, it deletes it on all your devices. Because Messages stores your entire messaging history, if you buy a new device, you'll still be able to access your older messages instead of starting a new messaging thread.
While Messages in iCloud stores all of your photos and attachments and frees up local storage space on your device, that also means that it takes up more space on your iCloud account. This may not be favorable for people who don't pay for extra iCloud storage and stick with the free 5GB plan.
Overall, the iOS 11.4 update brings much needed new features and brings the HomePod on parity with offerings from Amazon and Google. Unfortunately, outside of access to Calendar events, Siri is still the same although perhaps Apple will unveil updates to Siri in next week's WWDC 2018. The iOS 11.4 update is available now for download.
Sign up to receive FirstFT by email here
A crucial week looms for negotiating the UK's departure from the EU as Prime Minister Theresa May returns from holiday. London will clarify its position on a range of Brexit issues including the plan for the post-Brexit border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. The papers need to be published by August 21, ahead of the start of the next round of negotiations on August 28.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and the international trade secretary Liam Fox sought to bury the hatchet over the weekend in a joint opinion article. They declared that Britain will not stay in the bloc by the “backdoor” and will completely leave the single market and customs union after Brexit in 2019. Elsewhere, former Labour minister David Miliband made a dramatic entry into the debate, arguing the need for a second vote on Brexit. It is a view shared by Hugo Dixon, who writes in the FT that “pro-European Brits should put their heart into stopping Brexit rather than campaigning for a soft one”. (FT, Politico, Telegraph, Guardian)
In the news
Battle of Charlottesville
The White House sought to stem the fallout from Donald Trump's remarks following a terrorist attack in Virginia that left one woman dead. Here's what we know about the alleged perpetrator of the attack, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr, who espoused extremist ideals and idolised Adolf Hitler. Separately, this piece in the New Yorker says why Mr Trump's response was notable. “[It] was not the first time this country has witnessed the mass mobilisation of Nazis. But it is the first time we've seen such a feeble response to those gatherings in the upper echelons of American power.” (NYT, WaPo, New Yorker)
EU seeks tighter vetting of foreign deals
Brussels will call for more rigorous screening of foreign takeovers of European companies. The new measures would address mounting concerns about a surge of Chinese investment into the bloc's high-tech manufacturing, energy and infrastructure sectors. (FT)
Japan GDP beats expectations
The world's third-largest economy recorded its sixth consecutive quarter of growth — the longest unbroken streak in more than a decade. A surging stock market and a renewed “wealth effect” helped the stronger than expected result. It could be a possible lifeline for the foundering “Abenomics” programme. (FT)
Bubble trouble
Record-breaking inflows into exchange traded funds this year are fuelling fears that the tide of money surging into passive investment is helping to inflate a bubble in the US stock market. Meanwhile, the value of bitcoin hit a new record. The digital currency soared above $4000 over the weekend, meaning it has quadrupled in value in 2017. (FT, CNBC)
Draghi's dilemma
Worries over a stronger euro come at a difficult time for the European Central Bank, just as it is about to begin deliberations on scaling back its quantitative easing programme, one of the chief props of the eurozone recovery. The issue is one of the most momentous of Mario Draghi's tenure, as he seeks to reconcile ECB hawks' suspicion of QE with doves' worries that any hasty move to wind down the programme could be counterproductive. (FT)
UK maths books fail
A £41m programme to introduce Chinese-style maths teaching in English primary schools has so far seen just one out of eight textbooks approved for use. The “mastery approach” to mathematics — widely used in Asia — is credited with propelling students in China, Hong Kong and Singapore to the top of the OECD's Pisa rankings. (FT)
The day ahead
Trump's China trade crackdown
Donald Trump is set to launch his first major trade action targeted at China by ordering an investigation into intellectual property rules that Beijing uses to force foreign investors to turn over valuable technologies. It is bound to increase trade tensions between the world's two biggest economies. (FT)
German campaign starting gun
Chancellor Angela Merkel embarks on her first full week of campaigning for September parliamentary elections, with public speeches and television appearances. Her popularity has slid but she remains the favourite. (FT)
Keep up with the important business, economic and political stories in the coming days with the FT's Week Ahead.
What we're reading
The FT Business Book of the Year longlist
The 17 books on the 2017 longlist include analyses of the implications of world-changing innovations, from the iPhone to drones; a lively account of the rise of Uber; and a sobering history of the role that war, plague and catastrophe have played in shaping our economies. (FT)
Why I was fired by Google
James Damore, the writer of a controversial memo, has spoken out in an opinion article. “How did Google, the company that hires the smartest people in the world, become so ideologically driven and intolerant of scientific debate and reasoned argument?” (WSJ)
Russia's agricultural transformation
While the country's broader economy has been in the grip of recession over the past two years, agricultural output has grown — stimulated, in part, by Moscow's embargo on western food imports, introduced three years ago in response to US and European sanctions. The move is resurrecting the sector from the doldrums it fell into after the collapse of the Soviet economy in 1991. (FT)
Will AI threaten fund managers' jobs?
A prestigious Boston-based consultancy issued a warning to the asset management industry this year: within the next seven years, more than 90,000 jobs in the sector would be eliminated by the rise of artificial intelligence. But are fears that widespread adoption of AI could result in mass redundancies for high-earning portfolio managers misplaced? (FT)
Why we fell for clean eating
When it started, #eatclean spoke to growing numbers of people who felt that their existing way of eating was causing them problems. But it quickly became clear that “clean eating” was more than a diet; it was a belief system, which propagated the idea that the way most people eat is not simply fattening, but impure. But it is increasingly clear that clean eating, for all its good intentions, can cause real harm. (Guardian)
The secret economic lives of animals
Keynes attributed our irrational choices to “animal spirits”, but it turns out our furry and feathered friends — and also insects — conduct their affairs (some of them at least) according to the rules of supply and demand. (Bloomberg)
Video of the day
The week ahead
Daniel Garrahan highlights some of the big stories the FT is watching this week, including the Trump administration beginning re-negotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, quarterly earnings at Walmart and the German parliamentary election campaign beginning in earnest. (FT)
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan makes statements in Istanbul, on Sunday, April 16, 2017. Erdoğan declared victory in Sunday's historic referendum that will grant sweeping powers to the presidency, hailing the result as a "historic decision." (AP Photo/Lefteris Pitarakis)
ISTANBUL (AP) — Rising from humble origins to take the helm of Turkey's government in 2003, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan quickly attracted a fervent following. But Erdoğan, who served as prime minister and then president, also became feared and hated by many who saw him as an increasingly autocratic leader seeking to erode the country's secular traditions by imposing his conservative, religious views.
Constitutional changes that would change the country's system of government from parliamentary to presidential — and grant Erdoğan even more authority — were narrowly approved by Turkey's voters on Sunday, according to unofficial results from the country's election commission.
The changes, one of the most radical political reforms since the Turkish republic was established in 1923, could see the 63-year-old president remain in power until 2029.
The vote's outcome reinforced Erdoğan's image as a figure both popular and polarizing. While thousands of flag-waving supporters cheered the referendum's approval, political opponents immediately questioned the legitimacy of the balloting and said they intended to challenge a sizeable share of the count.
Erdoğan served three consecutive terms as prime minister as head of his Islamic-rooted Justice and Development Party, before becoming Turkey's first directly elected president in 2014.
Supporters found in him a man who gave a voice to the working- and middle-class religious Turks who long had felt marginalized by the country's Western-leaning elite.
He was seen to have ushered in a period of stability and economic prosperity, building roads, schools, hospitals and airports in previously neglected areas, transforming hitherto backwaters.
"He's a real leadership figure because he is not a politician that comes from the outside. He comes from the street," Birol Akgun, an international relations expert at Ankara's Yildirim Beyazit University, said. "He has 40 years of political experience and is very strong in practical terms."
But with each election win, Erdoğan grew more powerful, and, his critics say, more authoritarian.
His election campaigns have been forceful and bitter, with Erdoğan lashing out at his opponents, accusing them of endangering the country and even supporting terrorism. After surviving an attempted coup last July, Erdoğan launched a wide-ranging crackdown on followers of his former ally, Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Erdoğan blames Gulen, who lives in the United States, and his supporters for plotting the coup, an allegation Gulen has denied.
The crackdown saw roughly 100,000 people lose their jobs, including judges, lawyers, teachers, journalists, military officers and police. More than 40,000 people have been arrested and jailed, including pro-Kurdish lawmakers.
Hundreds of non-governmental organizations and news outlets have been shut down, as have many businesses, from schools to fertility clinics.
Erdoğan has also blasted European countries, accusing authorities in the Netherlands and Germany of being Nazis for refusing to allow Turkish ministers to campaign for Sunday's referendum among expatriate voters.
His critics fear that if the "yes" vote prevails in the referendum, Erdoğan will cement his grip on power within a system that has practically no room for checks and balances, opposition or dissent.
"One person will determine national security policies, according to the constitutional changes. Why one person? What if he makes a mistake? What if he is deceived? What if he is bought?" said Kemal Kilicdaroglu, head of the main opposition Republican People's Party, during a "no" rally in Ankara Saturday.
"Surrendering the Republic of Turkey to one person is a heavy sin. It's very heavy," Kilicdaroglu continued. "Can there be a state without rights and justice?"
As prime minister, Erdoğan garnered support from Turkey's Kurdish minority, which is estimated to make up about one-fifth of the country's population of 80 million people. He eased restrictions on the right to be educated in Kurdish and to give children Kurdish names.
He also oversaw a fragile cease-fire in the fight between the state and Kurdish rebels in the country's southeast, a conflict that has claimed an estimated 40,000 lives since 1984.
But the cease-fire collapsed in 2015, and about 2,000 people have died since then, including nearly 800 members of the security forces. With renewed fighting in the southeastern predominantly Kurdish areas, it is unclear whether Erdoğan still would have much support from the Kurdish community.
Erdoğan has promised the new presidential system will herald a period of stability and prosperity for Turkey, a country that has suffered several coups in the past few decades.
"He is a harsh leader in character," said Ankara academic Akgun, who used to head a pro-government NGO. "But in Turkey, a country that has so many problems, in societies like ours, the image of strong leadership is necessary to command both fear and respect and trust in society."
THE Great Barrier Reef could be hit with catastrophic bleaching every two years unless more is done to limit climate change.
A new report from the Climate Council reveals coral bleaching is now happening on average every six years, compared to once every 27 years back in the 1980s.
Based on current rising greenhouse gas levels, bleaching will happen every two years by 2034.
In the report released today Lethal Consequences: Climate Change Impacts on the Great Barrier Reef, the Climate Council says the current rate of bleaching is not sustainable because it will continuously set back recovery of the reef.
At the same time, the reef will also need to deal with other threats caused by climate change - such as ocean acidification and tropical cyclones.
The report found average coral cover in the northern section of the reef is at its lowest point on record, and coral cover in the central section of the reef declined from 22 per cent in
2016 to 14 per cent in 2018, largely due to the 2017 bleaching event.
It said the damage to the reef may be irreversible and it has already resulted in a drop in the diversity of fish species and in the number of juvenile fish settling on the reef.
Underwater vision of bleaching on the Great Barrier Reef, off Port Douglas taken on June 28, 2018. Source: Climate Council.
The damage could be irreversible. Source: Climate Council.
"Intensifying marine heatwaves around the world are now occurring more often, lasting longer and are more intense than ever before," Climate Councillor and ecologist Professor Lesley Hughes said.
Professor Hughes said the bleaching events in 2016 and 2017 resulted in mass coral mortality, with the 2016 bleaching event at least 175 times more likely to occur due to intensifying climate change.
"Unless drastic action is taken, extreme coral bleaching will be the new normal by the 2030s. We will see extreme ocean temperatures, similar to those that led to these bleaching events possibly occurring every two years, which will effectively sign the death certificate for the world's largest natural living wonder that is the Great Barrier Reef," she said.
The report makes clear that doing things like improving water quality are not the solution.
It says that unless "deep cuts in greenhouse gas emissions are made as a matter of urgency - the reef stands little chance no matter what measures are taken to enhance its resilience".
In particular, global warming must be limited to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels.
"A 2C rise in average global temperature will almost certainly mean the collapse of warm water tropical reefs around the world," the report states.
"The decisions and actions that we take today to reduce greenhouse pollution will have a critical effect on the long-term survival of the iconic Great Barrier Reef."
Climate Council acting chief executive officer Dr Martin Rice said the future of coral reefs around the world depended on nations including Australia doing their part to tackle climate change.
"This report shows that the Great Barrier Reef may never fully recover or return to its pre-bleaching state, which should serve as a serious warning signal for governments around the world to act now," he said.
"We all have a part to play in cutting greenhouse gas pollution levels in order to protect these natural wonders. The only thing standing in the way is political will."
The report comes as former prime minister Tony Abbott calls for Australia to back away from its internationally binding climate targets.
In a speech to the Australian Environment Foundation on Tuesday night, Mr Abbott said he would never have signed on to the Paris Agreement in 2015 if the United States did not also agree - the country has now walked away from the agreement under the new leadership of President Donald Trump.
But Mr Abbott has found little support for pulling out of the agreement.
Minister for Energy and the Environment Josh Frydenberg and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull have been trying to gain support for the government's National Energy Guarantee. Picture: Mick Tsikas/AAP
Deputy leader Julie Bishop batted down Mr Abbott's suggestion Australia was never meant to be bound by the target to reduce emissions by 26 to 28 per cent reduction on 2005 levels.
Ms Bishop, who was also Mr Abbott's deputy, said Australia intended to be accountable for the targets, which were a commitment and not an aspiration.
"Australia plays by the rules - if we sign an agreement we stick to the agreement," she said.
She said the targets were agreed by the prime minister, the cabinet and the party room.
But the Turnbull Government is still divided on its National Energy Guarantee (NEG) proposal, which would legislate the commitment and help Australia achieve its targets.
Mr Abbott's comments have been stirring discontent about the guarantee and he claims there's "no plausible evidence" the government's energy policy can address reliability, price and emissions reductions altogether.
However, Mr Turnbull said there was "almost universal support across the country" for the plan, including from the minerals industry, manufacturers and unions.
"Our policies are working and the NEG is a very big part of it - it will ensure Australians have reliable and more affordable power," he told reporters.
Mr Abbott is one of a handful of coalition MPs pushing for new coal-fired power plants.
Opposition to the NGE exists not just in the Liberals but also within the Nationals.
Some minor-party MPs are reportedly passing around a list of demands for changes to the guarantee, including a $5 billion fund to support assistance for coal, gas or traditional hydro projects that could deliver electricity around the clock, regardless of the weather.
The Australian, which obtained a copy of the document, says it's being promoted as a "genuine and serious policy position".
Backbencher Michelle Landry says more negotiation is needed and coal must be a part of the guarantee but Nationals minister David Littleproud told ABC he was comfortable with the NEG.
REEF REPORT KEY FINDINGS
• About 30 per cent of corals on the Great Barrier Reef died as a result of the 2016 event.
• 75 per cent of coral mortality occurred in the northern section of the Great Barrier Reef, where 93 per cent of individual reefs between Port Douglas and the Torres Strait were affected.
• Fast-growing corals such as staghorns and tabular species have suffered a "catastrophic die-off".
• Coral mortality has reduced the availability of habitat for fish, leading to a decline in reef fish diversity. Juvenile fish at Lizard Island, for example, have suffered a 40 per cent decrease in settlement.
• Global sea surface temperatures have increased by over 0.2C from 1992 to 2010, increasing the odds of more frequent and prolonged marine heatwaves.
• The return period for global bleaching events has decreased from 27 years in the 1980s to only 5.9 years now.
• The likelihood that the Great Barrier Reef will ever fully recover or return to their pre-bleaching state is low.
• There is little evidence that improving water quality can sufficiently reduce susceptibility of corals to bleaching from marine heatwaves.
WASHINGTON (AP) " The White House has finally ended a day of speculation about whether Donald Trump is considering firing special counsel Robert Mueller, saying the president has "no intention" of doing so.
Still, that statement is unlikely to quell criticism of Mueller from some of Trump's closest allies " including one of his sons. They have begun questioning whether Mueller's wide-ranging investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election is becoming too political.
The effort to muddy the waters surrounding the investigation is coming amid growing White House concern that the probe could detract from the president's agenda for months or years to come. Senators on Tuesday questioned both Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein on how the inquiry is being handled.
Until now, Mueller had drawn widespread praise from Republicans and Democrats alike. Trump, who isn't typically shy about leveling criticism, especially on Twitter, hasn't commented on the longtime former FBI director. And leading Republican legislators on Tuesday waved off the idea of firing Mueller, with House Speaker Paul Ryan saying that his advice was to "let Robert Mueller do his job" and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell voicing confidence in the special counsel.
Advertisement
But expressions of discontent with Mueller are bubbling up nonetheless.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich led one line of attack with a tweet that said "Republicans are delusional if they think the special counsel is going to be fair." He added that fundraising records show some of the lawyers whom Mueller selected for his team have contributed to Democrats.
"It makes sense to point out any level of bias, to highlight any biases inherent in Mueller and this probe in order to force him to be transparent," Gingrich said. He said Trump had called him Monday night and the two discussed Gingrich's concerns about the probe.
Tuesday morning, Trump supporter Ari Fleischer, who served as President George W. Bush's press secretary, again highlighted the issue of Mueller's probe being handled by attorneys who have donated mostly to Democrats, a message that Donald Trump Jr. quickly retweeted to his own 1.7 million followers.
Peter Carr, a spokesman for Mueller, declined to comment on the issues Gingrich and others have raised. In general, it is impermissible to ask prospective government hires about their political leanings, including whether they've made donations.
Both Fleischer and Gingrich had previously vouched for the character and integrity of Mueller, who was appointed FBI director by Bush and whose term was extended an extra two years by Democratic President Barack Obama.
Anxiety about the probe " and fresh concerns about the political leanings of some of the attorneys involved " is percolating in the West Wing of the White House.
Chris Ruddy, a Trump friend and the CEO of the conservative website Newsmax, raised the possibility of the president considering terminating Mueller, a potentially explosive option.
White House officials said late Monday that Ruddy was at the Executive Mansion that day, but said he hadn't met with the president and never spoke with him about the issue.
Still, it took until Tuesday night for the White House to actually dispute Ruddy's suspicion.
On Trump's plane ride home after a trip to Wisconsin, Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters he "has no intention" of firing Mueller, even though she maintained that "the president has the right to."
A person close to Trump's legal team also said earlier Tuesday that there have been no discussions about firing Mueller. The person spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations.
But Ruddy opened a new line of questions about Mueller's impartiality " the fact that Trump had considered Mueller for the FBI director's job before he was named special counsel.
Trump interviewed Mueller for the director's position days before Rosenstein picked Mueller as special counsel for the Russia probe, Sanders confirmed Tuesday. The interview was first reported by PBS.
Trump has repeatedly denied colluding with Russia during the presidential campaign, and Comey and others have testified that there is no evidence to the contrary. Still, Gingrich said any special counsel with an agenda can "all of the sudden find something procedural and technical to latch onto."
With few exceptions, Trump's allies are urging him not to move to dismiss Mueller, which would be both politically and technically complicated. Rosenstein would be the one to fire Mueller, which he repeatedly assured senators Tuesday he would not consider without "good cause."
Rosenstein is charged with Mueller's fate because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from all matters having to do with the Trump-Russia investigation. Sessions told senators on Tuesday that he'd recused himself because he was part of Trump's campaign.
Gingrich and Ruddy said it would be a "mistake" for Trump to remove Mueller, although both said they see the probe as unnecessary.
CHARLESTON, S.C. — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating his punishment.
With the 22-year-old representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. But even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon.
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, Roof said last week he plans on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence.
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion. A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict, and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays.
Typically in what's known as the sentencing phase, defence attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes. Given that background, the defence hopes, a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant's life and opt against the death penalty.
But Roof, who is acting as his own attorney, has said he plans to do no such thing.
In his journal, which was read in court during his trial, Roof said his doesn't believe in psychology, which he called “a Jewish invention” that “does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they don't.”
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to him or his family out. Not only did he take over his own defence, but he asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if he could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce.
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where he was found mentally competent not be released to the public.
“I know this is not a legal argument, but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself,” Roof said at last week's hearing.
Neither Roof, nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to.
On Thursday, Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof “in an abundance of caution,” after his standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof's mental ability to proceed. The judge's order specified he saw no reason to delay Tuesday's start of the penalty phase.
On Monday, over the objection of an attorney representing media outlets including The Associated Press, Gergel ordered the competency hearing to be closed to the public. Saying he'd have to sequester jurors if he opened up the proceedings, the judge promised to release a transcript after Roof is sentenced.
“This is an incredibly sensitive moment in this proceeding,” Gergel said. “We are putting in the hands of 12 people the life and death of a person.”
Roof's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop him from being his own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of his trial, saying they feared Roof fired them because he feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass him when trying to save his life.
Prosecutors objected at every turn, and Gergel wouldn't allow any of it into court, ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before.
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked his victims because of their race, killed them to incite more violence, showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older.
Evidence speaking to Roof's mental state, one expert argues, could make the difference between life and death.
“The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. “There's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. ... If you take mental health out of it, you are putting a thumb on the scale of death.”
Both the judge's decision to allow Roof to represent himself and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal, Dunham argued.
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court, where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year.
Whether he's sentenced to death or not, it's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon, in either jurisdiction. The federal government hasn't executed anyone since 2003, and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out.
South Carolina's death chamber hasn't been used since 2011, due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection.
Associated Press writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report.
Drake has accused staff at a Californian country club of racial discrimination.
The Hotline Bling rapper, 30, was not on the bill at The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival but joined fellow rapper Future as a special guest at the event in Indio, California, on Saturday.
While in the area, he visited The Madison Club in La Quinta, a golf, spa and country club that serves a surrounding private residential community.
However, on Sunday, Drake took to Instagram to accuse club staff of “racial profiling” when deciding how to treat their guests.
“The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling,” he wrote.
The Madison Club bosses were quick to angrily deny Drake's accusations in a comment beneath his original Instagram post.
The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling 🙌🏽 #Coachella A post shared by champagnepapi (@champagnepapi) on Apr 16, 2017 at 10:09pm PDT
“The Madison Club Inn completely refutes the notion that it is in any way, shape, or form a racist establishment,” their response read. “This is textbook character assassination.”
Drake's fans responded with fury to his accusations, posting scathing reviews of the exclusive establishment on social media.
Homes in the club's private residential community sell for between US$4 million and US$10 million, while the club itself has a joining fee of more than US$200,000.
The Madison Club is located just two miles from the Coachella site.
Despite the sour end to Drake's Easter weekend, he delighted fans at Coachella, performing the songs Jumpman, Gyalchester, and Fake Love alongside Future.
Other stars who performed at the festival included Kendrick Lamar, Lady Gaga and British rockers Radiohead.
Jennifer Lopez and Drake rang in 2017 at his Las Vegas show on Saturday.
The Jenny From the Block star supported Drake at his New Year's Eve show at the Hakkasan nightclub after they both enjoyed dinner with a large group of friends, according to Usmagazine.com, further fuelling romance reports.
“Jennifer watched and had the best time at Drake's show,” a source said, while another added the 47-year-old was wearing a “sexy ivory-coloured cutout dress for the club” after switching out of the plunging red velvet dress she wore at dinner, held at the Hakkasan restaurant.
Cherney Amhara, a reporter from FOX5 Las Vegas shared a video of Lopez dancing to Drake's set and tweeted, “More from #Drake's performance at #Hakkasan, that lady dancing at Drake's table looks familiar... #Jennyfromtheblock.”
Eagled-eyed fans have also claimed the singer was wearing Drake's long gold necklace, which he has worn on many occasions, in a photo taken at dinner.
The singer was scheduled to host a New Year's Eve show at nightclub E11EVEN Miami in Florida, but she pulled out before Christmas citing “personal and family time” and was replaced by rapper Nicki Minaj.
Lopez, who split from dancer beau Casper Smart in August, fuelled romance rumours with the One Dance rapper when she shared a picture of herself cuddling up on a couch with Drake on Instagram last week. A day later they reportedly shared a kiss while being crowned king and queen of a “prom” party in Los Angeles.
They were first linked at the start of December after the 30-year-old attended two of Lopez's Las Vegas concerts back-to-back and hosted an intimate party she attended.
Pat Hickey claims there are “significant inaccuracies” in Justice Carroll Moran's report into the Olympic Council of Ireland's (OCI) ticket-touting controversy, but that he is “pleased to see my reputation and good name have been cleared” and that there is “no allegation of criminality or financial impropriety”.
Moran's 226-page report is to be published On Monday, in which he criticises the “failure by so many principal participants” to engage with the inquiry, including Hickey, the former president of the OCI who was arresting during the Rio Olympics last August of charges of ticket
In a lengthy statement issued to The Irish Times, Hickey outlines the reasons behind his non-participation - and directly criticises Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport Shane Ross for failing to bring to the attention of Dail Eireann the agreed legal procedure on the matter, which “would have resulted in substantial saving to the Irish taxpayer.”
The cost of the report, which began its work on September 19th 2016, was €312,765.
Hickey, who remains a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), also says he is looking forward “in due course to resuming my international Olympic duties.”
Statement
Hickey's statement in full is as follows:
“I have read the report of Judge Carroll Moran S.C. and while the report contains significant inaccuracies I am pleased to see my reputation and good name have been cleared in that there is no allegation of criminality or financial impropriety.
“The launching and conducting of an inquiry while proceedings were still outstanding in Brazil was ill-conceived arising from an inability on the part of participants to partake in the inquiry based on legal advice.
“For my part I was advised by eminent lawyers in Brazil, solicitors and Senior Counsel in Ireland not to participate in the Inquiry pending the outcome of the Brazilian proceedings as I was advised it could and would prejudice my entitlement to a fair trial in Brazil and my vindicating my constitutional entitlements and innocence.
“The legal advice I received was comprehensive and to explain my inability to contribute to the Inquiry my solicitors on my instructions furnished copies of my legal advice to: Retired Judge Carroll Moran S.C.; The Attorney General; Minister Ross.
“On the 16th of August 2016 a procedure was agreed as and between the Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI), the Chairman of Sport Ireland and Minister Ross whereby a committee of inquiry comprising representatives to include the Assistant Secretary of the Minister's Department would be empowered and entitled to look into the subject matter of the remit of the Moran Inquiry.
“Had this procedure been implemented it would have resulted in substantial saving to the Irish taxpayer, the Olympic Council of Ireland and other participants in the Moran Inquiry to include myself. It is regrettable that the Minister did not bring to the attention of Dail Eireann the procedure he agreed on in or around the 16th of August 2016. In time the cost of this Inquiry will become well-known as will the cost to the Irish taxpayer.
“Recognising my fundamental entitlements to fair procedures and due process a principle that is well established in law a number of the principal players such as the International Olympic Committee, the Rio 2016 Committee and others did not participate in the Moran Inquiry.
“Accordingly to quote from earlier comment of Judge Moran ‘the Inquiry has heard only from those willing or able to participate, the result has been that, in many instances, instead of making conclusive findings, this report has been confined to a narrative of events'.
“The report contains significant flaws and inaccurate assumptions. Because of the ongoing trial in Brazil now is not the time to address these serious inaccuracies, in time I propose on the proclamation of my innocence to address all issues. Regrettably the Moran Inquiry has failed to include the full suite of correspondence between my solicitors and the Moran Inquiry that addressed all of the issues in dispute.
“The Inquiry looked at the issue of corporate governance which is highly topical of late. With the help of hardworking Officers and Executive Committee members I as President managed and directed the affairs of the Olympic Council of Ireland for 27 years from 1989 to 2016. On an annual basis the Olympic Council of Ireland was subject to scrutiny and question by its members at annual general meetings and occasional special general meetings.
“At these meetings myself, the Officers and Executive Committee received approval by true democratic means and election which in itself confirms and supports adherence to all concepts of corporate governance. Over the period of time referred to there were 7 elections and 7 votes of approval on the management of the affairs of the Olympic Council of Ireland. In my period as President of the Olympic Council of Ireland, the OCI a limited company complied with the highest standards of Irish Company Law received and relied on the best corporate advice and lawyers in Ireland, amongst them the current solicitors to the Olympic Council of Ireland, Arthur Cox & co.
“As was customary the Olympic Council of Ireland as a limited company was subject to scrutiny by the Director of Corporate Enforcement, government departments and was subject to an annual audit by international auditors, in the 27 years of my stewardship the auditor's report was always clear, clean and published without qualifications.
“In addition, over the period of 27 years the Olympic Council of Ireland was subject to additional audits by the Irish Sports Council now Sport Ireland, the International Olympic Committee and occasional audits by the Comptroller & Auditor General. In all instances the ancillary audits referred to were clear and over 27 years no issues ever arose about the management of the affairs of the Olympic Council of Ireland. Furthermore no issue was ever raised at general meeting, special general meeting or in any audit about a failure on the part of the Olympic Council of Ireland to adhere to a recognised concept of corporate governance.
“It would however be remiss of me at this point in time not to address a suggestion of concealment made in the report and the fact that THG is simply a ticketing agent rather than the largest commercial partner of the Olympic Council of Ireland.
“THG were the largest commercial partner of the Olympic Council of Ireland for the London Games 2012 (and subsequent Games). The identity of THG was well known and fully canvassed in the media. Given that THG was the Olympic Council of Ireland's largest commercial partner it is completely normal that I and the Olympic Council of Ireland had a working relationship with THG and its Chairman Marcus Evans who was consulted as a ticketing expert in 2016 by the International Olympic Committee.
“At all times I acted in the best interests of the Olympic Council of Ireland with a view to maximising revenue for the Olympic Council of Ireland which in turn was channelled into the management of current and future Olympic athletes in Ireland. Sponsorship is the lifeblood of sport and more particularly successful Olympic participation.
“At the time I announced my retirement in January 2016 and subsequent thereto I left a credit amount in the bank account of the Olympic Council of Ireland to the order of €2.5 m.
“I await the outcome of legal procedures in Brazil and regrettably I and my family are frustrated by the delays in the process which are outside my control. However, my legal team and I remain totally confident that I will be cleared of all charges in Brazil. I look forward in due course to resuming my international Olympic duties.”
Save hard, wait for the cycle to run its course, then take your opportunities, columnist Mark Lister says.
Struggling first-home buyers seem increasingly frustrated, most recently in response to Herald stories of those who've found a way onto the ladder.
It's even been suggested they give up completely, which isn't actually a bad idea for a lot of people. Not because they've no hope of ever owning one, but because home ownership just isn't a great deal at today's prices.
Prices are overheated in many places, especially Auckland. Never before have they risen so quickly or become so detached from what ultimately drives them - namely rents and incomes.
Whenever things have got out of whack like this in the past, prices have fallen sooner or later, so there's every chance that happens again. Choosing to buy at what could easily be the top of the cycle is a big call, especially if you can't really afford it.
I can hear the housing bulls scoffing already, citing numerous reasons the old valuation rules don't apply and "this time it's different". Those words were once described as the four most dangerous in investing.
The same one-eyed property types will suggest I've got a vested interest in beating this drum, because I'd like more people to invest in shares and bonds, rather than houses.
That's true, although I wouldn't recommend taking your life savings, borrowing five times that amount and spending the lot on shares right now either. Or ever, actually.
At least you can stagger your way in to an expensive sharemarket over a period of time. With houses, you have to buy all in one go, so your timing is much more important.
There are genuine reasons house prices have gone up a lot, like building costs, population growth and an undersupply. However, that doesn't mean they can't get overvalued.
Continued below.
Related Content Two charged over alleged cash kickbacks at South Auckland Maori organisations Megaphone diplomacy not the New Zealand way says outgoing Foreign Minister Murray McCully John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech?
Low interest rates have also a big part of the price rises, and these could prove temporary. Borrowing costs have never been as low as they are now, so a 2-3 per cent rise to more normal levels will undoubtedly have an impact.
Auckland rents suggest something is amiss in the housing market. In the last six years the average rent has risen 30 per cent, way behind house prices which are up 85 per cent.
Rents are driven almost solely by economic fundamentals, while house prices are influenced by sentiment and speculation. Over the long term prices tend to follow rents, not the other way around.
If you've missed the housing boat these last few years, think twice about trying to get on the ladder at all costs today.
Sit back, relax and rent something much nicer than you could afford to buy. Let someone else fork out a fortune in interest, maintenance, rates and insurance on their overpriced asset while you get to enjoy it for a fraction of that.
Renting looks like a bargain at the moment, and it's not "dead money" any more than home ownership running costs are.
Don't believe the hype. Just save hard, wait for the cycle to run its course, then take your opportunities.
- NZ Herald
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against actor Steven Seagal (all times local):
1:15 p.m.
A lawyer for Steven Seagal says the actor adamantly denies sexual assault allegations made by two women against the action star.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that Seagal toucher her sexually without her consent in 2002 when she was 17, and Regina Simons said Seagal assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18.
Advertisement
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti said later Monday that the accounts of both women are "completely fictitious and totally made up."
He says the allegations are a disservice to women who are victimized because of real predators in the film industry.
The women are the latest of several who have come forward in recent months to accuse the 65-year-old action actor of sexual misconduct. He has denied all of the allegations.
___
11:30 a.m.
An aspiring actress says she was 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session in 2002.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that she had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when she was invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room to audition for Seagal for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan.
The 33-year-old former model says only Seagal and his bodyguard were in the room when the actor reached under her bikini top and then grabbed her genitals.
Dadis said she ended the audition and immediately left. She says she feared being blacklisted if she reported Seagal, and only recently filed a police report. Los Angeles County prosecutors say they are reviewing the case.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
GUINDA, Calif. (AP) — Crews are making progress against a Northern California wildfire that threatens hundreds of buildings but say wind and dry vegetation could still fuel the blaze.
California officials said the fire in rural counties northwest of Sacramento was 25 percent contained as of Wednesday morning. That's up from 15 percent the previous day.
It has burned through 129 square miles (334 square kilometers) after igniting Saturday. Some areas have been under evacuation orders for days.
It's among the massive wildfires burning in the Western United States and putting some Fourth of July plans on hold.
Nevada health officials have announced the appointment of a new chief state medical officer.
State Division of Public and Behavioral Health chief Julie Kotchevar said Thursday that Ihsan Azzam is replacing Dr. Leon Ravin, a psychiatrist who became Nevada's top doctor on a temporary basis about six months ago.
Kotchevar says Azzam is an experienced public health, epidemiology, disease control and prevention specialist with 35 years of experience nationally and internationally.
As Nevada's chief epidemiologist since 1995, he has advised health care providers and state and local health authorities.
Ravin remains statewide psychiatric director. He oversees facilities including the Rawson-Neal Psychiatric Hospital in Las Vegas and Lakes Crossing Center in Sparks.
He took over as Nevada's top doctor Oct. 31, after the sudden resignation of Dr. John DiMuro.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
A day full of moderate to heavy rain in the Lawton area Monday gave way to lighter rain early Tuesday before reports of light snow came in Tuesday afternoon amid above-freezing temperatures.
The Oklahoma Department of Transportation sent crews to treat roadways in Greer and Kiowa counties Tuesday afternoon. ODOT reported roadways in those two counties as becoming slushy.
At around 2:30 p.m., radar indicated snow falling along and north of a line from Shamrock, Texas-Duke-Altus-Roosevelt-Cooperton-Carnegie line, which continued west across the Texas Panhandle and north through west central Oklahoma.
The 24-hour rainfall totals as of 3:30 p.m. as confirmed by the National Weather Service in Norman included Lawton-Fort Sill Regional Airport, 1.31 inches; Fort Sill, 1.54 inches; Duncan, 0.02 inches; Frederick, 0.91 of an inch; Altus/Quartz Mountain Regional Airport, 1.51 inches; and Hobart Municipal Airport, 1.66 inches.
LIMA – Canadian miner Bear Creek Mining will likely make a public offering for its Peruvian unit on the bourse in Lima to help finance its $550-million Corani silver project, the company's CFO said on Wednesday.
Bear Creek would also consider selling a stake in the Corani project, in southern Peru, to help pay for the project, said Paul Tweddle.
Advertisement
"Everything's on the table," Tweddle said on the sidelines of the International Gold & Silver Symposium, in Peru.
"This is the first step before future rounds of financing for the project," Tweddle said of the upcoming IPO.
Advertisement
Tweddle estimated Bear Creek would issue its shares on the bourse within three months and declined to estimate how much it might raise.
Corani is expected to produce 11-million to 12-million ounces of silver once fully operational. If construction begins in 2018 as scheduled, production would kick off in 2022, Tweddle said.
Bear Creek had initially planned to finance Corani with earnings form its proposed silver project Santa Ana, also in southern Peru. But a previous presidential administration revoked Bear Creek's right to build Santa Ana in 2011 after deadly protests against the proposed mine.
Late last year, Bear Creek won the right to develop Santa Ana after suing Peru. The current government of President Martin Vizcarra must now pay the company $31-million.
Tweddle said Bear Creek was waiting to talk with the current government about Santa Ana before taking any next steps on the project. "Right now Santa Ana is still in our portfolio as a concession," Tweddle said.
It's been said that you can't go home again. Tell that to UC Santa Barbara-based founders of the California Higher Education Sustainability Conference, who this week brought their biggest- and best-yet event back to the campus where it was created more than a decade ago.
The gathering was born in 2002, when 100 guests from across the UC system convened at UCSB to talk best practices. The conference now in full swing, and concluding Thursday, boasts 900 attendees representing some 80 institutions and organizations, including UC, CSU, California Community College, and private and independent campuses, as well as private industry and community members.
“One of the reasons we created this conference originally was because we found that too many people were doing things on their campus that someone on a different campus, in another part of the state, had already done,” Katie Maynard, event manager for the conference and sustainability coordinator in UCSB's geography department, said Monday. “We're hoping our attendees take away tangible ideas about what they could implement by giving them an opportunity to learn from their colleagues, learn what's already happening, what's possible, and what's been done and proven on another campus so they don't have to reinvent the wheel.”
Hoping to bring greening into greater consciousness by sharing strategies for effective storytelling around such efforts, this 12th annual event bears the theme “Declare, Demonstrate, Propagate.” Featuring research presentations, as well as case studies in curriculum development, operational programs, and community partnerships, it is intended to be an idea-sharing festival — a massive, multiday brainstorming session of sorts — as much as a source of inspiration.
Speaker Eban Goodstein, who delivered the opening keynote Monday morning, provided much of the latter.
Director of the Bard Center for Environmental Policy in Annandale-on-Hudson, N.Y., and of the Bard MBA in sustainability, Goodstein issued a call to action — to students, in particular — imploring society at large to lean on its younger generations for sustainability leadership and innovation.
“We're living in a truly extraordinary moment in the history of the human experiment,” Goodstein said. “The work that we're going to do together, over the next three decades, is going to have a profound impact — not only on our own lives and the lives of our children, but in fact for every human being and every creature that's going to inhabit the face of this earth until the end of time.”
Veronica Acosta-Deprez is all in. A professor of health science at CSU Long Beach, where she sits on the campus sustainability task force, she came to the conference hoping to glean ideas for further integrating green themes into her curriculum — and getting more of her fellow faculty to follow suit.
“Sustainability is very important, not only locally, but for global health, and for global change, to really save our world,” Acosta-Deprez said. “It's really important for us to think this through and try to integrate it not only into our own personal lives, but in a more systemic way. Sustainability impacts the health of children and their literacy rates. If they're unhealthy, they can't go to school; they're uneducated, so they're unable to find jobs. It's a cycle of poverty that's endless, and one of the reasons why is because of the lifestyle we are living here in developed countries.”
With the conference — and with its own well-regarded sustainability efforts — UCSB is hoping to provide impetus for adjustments to that lifestyle. Field trips both on campus and off, including bike, bird-watching, and building tours, are spotlighting myriad green initiatives of UCSB and its surrounding communities, in everything from communication strategies and waste reduction to energy management and green health care.
“To achieve full sustainability, we have many challenges ahead,” said Pam Lombardo, acting associate vice chancellor for administrative services at UCSB and co-chair of the Chancellor's Sustainability Committee. “Creativity and innovation are necessary to help us to achieve those next steps, and conferences like this one that encourage idea sharing and brainstorming among colleagues are a great place to start. … We have a long way to go, but the turnout here today shows that the commitment to this goal is both strong and spreading.”
The conference continues through Thursday. A full slate of workshops, field trips and presentations on Tuesday will feature a 4 p.m. closing keynote by Drew Dellinger that is free and open to the public. Highlights on Wednesday include excursions to Coal Oil Point Reserve, the campus culinary garden at Westmont College and an eco-friendly winery.
By Paul Olayemi
SAPELE—A 17-year-old male SAPELE—A 17-year-old male inmate, Silas Anidi, who slit the throat of an 11-year-old girl in 2015, is among 23 inmates that escaped from the Ministry of Women Affairs and Development Remand Home in Sapele.Though the incident was carefully kept away from the public, investigation by Vanguard revealed that the inmates within the age bracket of 14 and 17 years escaped from custody on July 30th and August 2nd in what a staff of the home described as a careful orchestrated escape plot.
“The escaped inmates are being held for various capital offences ranging from rape, robbery, murder and burglary,” the staff, who spoke on condition of anonymity told Vanguard.The source said: “The routine has always been to open the door of the home for the minors every morning for their daily chores, while two or three of them go to prepare their meal but the female correction officer, Mrs. Esther Micah, somehow took the keys to church and did not return until 11:30 am.“Upon her return,
hungry and probably angered by her actions,
11 of them attacked her and fled through the back fence of the home and of course with only three staff members on duty, there was little, they could do.“Though three of the escaped inmates were arrested on the same day by members of the vigilante in the area along Sapele/Warri road and brought back to the home, two other inmates escaped the next day when the same correction officer went to open the door for them to have their bath.
“Three days later, 12 other inmates plotted their getaway when they broke the lock to their hall with an iron bar and escaped through the back of the home.”Security at the home has been very porous while the perimeter fencing at the back of the home has collapsed since last year with the home being in a poor state of neglect.Confirming the escape of the inmates when contacted, the Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Andrew Aniamaka said: “Three of the staff are being investigated and will be charged for negligence of duty.”
Police are able to save two babies, but fate of others is uncertain
Sarah Graham Sinclair of Santa Barbara encountered an odd scene Saturday morning, and shared her story and photos with Noozhawk:
“I was driving up Garden Street at about 7:30 this morning, heading home from my sunrise walk on the beach.
“I saw a man in a white truck pulled over on the side of the road, walking along next to a duck with two ducklings. He was on his cell phone.
“I drove home, parked, grabbed a big empty cardboard box and walked back to where he was. When I got there, a police officer had also arrived.
“I walked up, the man told me he had called the Wildlife Care Network and the police. He also said that there were two more ducklings who had fallen down the storm drain.
“I went to the police officer and offered him the box, in case it was helpful. By that time, three more motorcycle officers and another officer in a patrol car had arrived. The man in the truck drove off.
“The officers corraled the mama duck and two babies. It took a few attempts to get the babies into the box, but they did.
“The mama duck was not as cooperative, and kept flying away, but then coming back close by. It took them about an hour to get the babies.
“Meanwhile, I went back to the storm drain. I had told a couple of the officers that there were apparently two more ducklings in the drain. But it had an extremely heavy top.
“Apparently they determined that they wouldn't be able to remove it.
“I could hear the babies chirping in the drain. One of the officers said that it was the “circle of life” and that at least we saved two of the babies.
“The motorcycle officers all left. The patrol car officer had the babies in the box in the car. He stayed at the site for about another hour.
“The mama duck flew around in circles for awhile near the babies, but about 8:40 she left and I didn't see her after that.
“I spoke with the woman at the Wildlife Care Network at 9 a.m.. She stated that they were aware of the two babies, but they wouldn't be able to try to catch the mother duck or free the babies in the storm drain.
“So ... at least we were able to save two of the babies. The Wildlife Care folks will take care of them.
“ Kind of scene to see five officers, a patrol car and four motorcycles on Solstice Saturday morning, herding baby ducks out of the street and into a cardboard box.”
A Luton woman celebrated her 100th birthday – and she was delighted to share her special day with Her Majesty The Queen and Prince Philip's 70th wedding anniversary.
Eva Baldwin celebrated her milestone surrounded by family at The Cross Keys, Pulloxhill, on Sunday, before being visited again on her special day of November 20.
Eva and one of her very special birthday cakes.
The family get togethers were a great success, and Eva was also delighted to receive a card from The Queen.
Her son, Alan Baldwin, 70, said: “She loved the day on Sunday, and we met up and celebrated with lots of cousins and young children!
“The pub had a marquee at the back and there was a very nice atmosphere and food.
“On Monday, some of the family went up to see her and there was another cake to eat and lots of cards. There are not a lot of cards you can buy for a 100 year old – the designs kept doubling up!”
Eva (front, middle) on Sunday. She also has 75th and 76th wedding anniversary cards from The Queen. Alan says Eva likes to keep active; when at The White Hart , George still worked at his shoe shop and Eva had lead role at the pub!
Eva lived in the Islington area before being bombed out of house and home twice during World War Two, so with her husband George, her mother and her father, the family moved to Luton – Eva and George to Kingsway Road and her parents to Sundon village.
George opened a shoe repair shop called A1 Footwear in Granville Road, while Eva worked firstly at Danish Bacon, Welwyn, then at Laporte's factory in the catering department for the directors.
Finally, the hardworking couple took on The White Hart pub in Sundon village for seven years before retiring, married for 76 years before George passed away in 2014.
Alan said: “At the age of six months old Eva lost two brothers during World War One in 1918 within two months of each other, never meeting up.
“Later in life, when mum and dad settled in Luton, they never regretted moving.
“They both loved dancing and did so into their 80s, and as a teenager mum was also an accomplished diver, taking part in many competitions.
“I think her secret of long life is hard work – ‘keep going'!
“She doesn't walk with a stick, doesn't smoke, likes chocolate and only wears glasses for reading. She's an unbelievable woman.”
Eva had five children and is now grandmother to 12 children and great grandmother to 13.
Emsworth's Renaissance Choir is offering a concert of Dutch Renaissance masters – glittering choral treasures from the time of Breughel.
They will be in action at St Peter's Church, Petersfield, GU32 3HS, on Saturday, March 24 at 7.30pm.
Spokesman Simon O'Hea said: “The Renaissance Choir is embarking on a year of themed programmes, singing music written by lesser-known composers and works from the Renaissance.
“In this concert the choir will be singing works from the Low Countries, with the focus of this concert on works by Roland Lassus. The choir will sing a balance of intensely-beautiful sacred works and jaunty secular pieces.
“During the concert comparisons will be drawn between the painters and composers of the time, simply because some of the world's finest art and music came from the late Renaissance period.
“The choir has a considerable reputation, delighting audiences across Europe with the blend and beauty of its sound. Besides performing around five times a year in the Portsmouth area, it has been on tour to Budapest, Lisbon, Krakow, Santiago de Compostela and most recently Rome.”
Tickets are £12 (concessions £10, students £2). These are available by phoning 023 9247 5259, by visiting www.ticketsource.co.uk/renaissancechoir, or on the door.
Simon added: “The Renaissance Choir is an accomplished group of around 35 singers with a reputation across the south of England for sensitive and passionate performances with a truly-blended sound.
“The choir's repertoire imaginatively balances unaccompanied choral music from the Renaissance period with later, including contemporary works. Although relatively small in number, the choir is accomplished in singing music in both double and triple choir form.
“Peter Gambie has been the choir's conductor since 1992 and has continued to develop vocal blend and dynamic sensitivity with imaginative and challenging programmes.”
More from Phil on https://www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
See also: https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/new-film-finding-your-feet-features-chichester-s-frankie-oatway-1-8420223
A contestant on Strictly Come Dancing saw her timing compared to the punctuality of Southern train services during the weekend's semi-final show.
On their way to being eliminated singer Mollie King and dance partner AJ Pritchard performed the samba to Shakira's ‘Whenever, Wherever', but received a score of 24 out of a possible 40.
Craig Revel Horwood described how the ‘palm trees had more bounce in them', while Darcey Bussell suggested Mollie was ‘chasing the music'.
But the harshest criticism came from Bruno Tonioli who said: “Well darling tonight I think you missed the flight to Brazil, that's what happened.
“He was in Rio and you were still stuck at the airport.
“It's all timing and Southern rail has better timing than you tonight.
“It's a very rhythmical dance you have to be on that beat. You can never chase it and you can never be ahead of it.”
Reacting to the jibe on Twitter, one user called it the ‘insult of the series', while another said it was ‘overly harsh'.
Another viewer added: “Even Bruno on Strictly is making Southern Rail jokes! Would be more funny if I didn't have to actually use their trains though.”
The Southern account later tweeted: “I think Bruno should think about the guy behind the Twitter account before he hands out niche disses like that. Tweet volumes are going up.”
Passengers using Southern services, which are run by Govia Thameslink Railway, have suffered repeated delays and cancellations from late 2015 through to 2017.
This was due to a combination of Network Rail infrastructure problems, management issues, staffing shortages, and industrial action.
The rail operator has been locked in a dispute with the RMT union over the further extension of driver-only operation since April 2016, with staff holding a number of strikes since then over safety and access concerns.
Train drivers' union ASLEF also joined the dispute, but has since agreed to a deal with GTR.
Performance has improved since this time last year, where just 61.8 per cent of services reached their destination within five minutes of the scheduled arrival time.
Seven months later this had reached 85.7 per cent, but since then performance has slipped, with just 71.9 per cent of Southern trains achieving the public performance measure between mid October and mid November.
Over the same period just 39.5 per cent of services arrived at their destination on time.
Now that Germany fans have had time to wipe away the tears and deal with the unusual feeling of seeing a World Cup quarterfinal bracket without their country, what do they do now?
Of course, life goes on - but, for the next 11 days, so does World Cup football. What are Germany fans going to do while the rest of the world jumps around in excitement and angst as the World Cup comes to a conclusion?
An online survey run by Rheinische Post asked over 5,000 people whether they would keep watching the tournament now that Germany were out. Only 42 percent said they would continue to watch the World Cup without Germany, while nearly 20 percent said they were less likely to watch. A strong 12 percent said they would definitely not be watching.
Of those who do stay and watch, is cheering on another team allowed? Well, according to the same survey, 41 percent said they wanted the next world champion to be from Europe. Clearly there aren't many Germany fans sympathizing with Brazil, Uruguay or Russia then.
Time to cheer for England?
Weekly news magazine Stern also ran a survey asking Germany fans who they would support in the absence of the Germany team. Twenty five percent of those asked said they would cheer for Belgium, 15 percent for Croatia, and 10 percent said they would support England.
Unsurprisingly not many fans felt sympathy for Germany and their surprising exit. Schadenfreunde was high, as a mini survey by psychologist Lea Boecker from Cologne University revealed. Boecker asked 131 foreign fans, mostly from England, just two days after Germany's exit from the tournament and found that glee at Germany's exit was high. "Failure by people or groups with a high status who appear dominant" is one of the main causes for schadenfreude. Clearly, for some the underdog is preferred to the favorite.
Whoever wins, this summer has certainly gone differently to the way Germany fans would have hoped. Time will tell whether they'll be any happier at the end of the tournament.
One Nation leader Senator Pauline Hanson makes her maiden speech in the Senate in Canberra, Wednesday, Sept. 14, 2016.
THE LNP manned One Nation Party booths during the federal election in a move designed to help secure the Coalition control of the Senate but which may ultimately cost the LNP dearly at the next Queensland election according to a former stalwart of this State's conservative politics.
Alex Douglas, who lost the state seat of Gaven on the Gold Coast in 2015 after quitting the LNP because of its interference with the parliamentary crime and corruption committee of which he was chair, has spoken out as One Nation looks set to secure a raft of seats at a state election he predicts will as early as April.
Dr Douglas, the grandson of a former Queensland Premier, dabbled with the Clive Palmer Party before becoming disillusioned with the billionaire's dictatorial leadership style.
Dr Alex Douglas and his wife Susie worked on the failed campaign to secure the re-election to the Senate of Glenn Lazarus. Brett Wortman
He retains a close interest in politics and in contact with people from across the political spectrum.
The claims have been rejected as a "nonsense argument" by LNP Member for Caloundra Mark McArdle and were he said "simply ridiculous".
A One Nation spokesperson has also denied the claims.
But both Mr McArdle and long-term Sunshine Coast LNP operative Pauline Clayton have warned One Nation was likely to have a major impact at the next state election.
Dr Douglas predicts One Nation will win at least eight and a maximum of 15 seats at the next Queensland election but says its polling is largely static.
The exceptions are the Sunshine Coast seats of Caloundra and Glass House, Toowoomba and Nanango where it is on the rise.
Dr Douglas provided election support to former Palmer Senator Glenn Lazarus who he said had been targeted by the LNP through One Nation.
"One Nation is really just a faction of the LNP," he said.
"Outside Brisbane metropolitan areas LNP booth workers were interchanging shirts. One minute they were LNP and the next Hanson. This was going on all over the state.
"Hanson benefited from (LNP) booth support. There were at least 20 booths involved including Ashmore and Bigerra Waters on the Gold Coast, Ipswich and it happened on the Sunshine Coast.
"She lacked capacity and booth workers.
"It was very smart. Politics is about what's possible."
Dr Douglas said the tactic ultimately helped the Coalition win some Senate control but would rebound badly at the Queensland election where compulsory third party voting would come into play.
"The margins will make the difference," he said.
"Three quarters of LNP preferences will go to Hanson and a quarter to Labor.
"Labor won't lose preferences. It will pick up swinging LNP voters."
The keen political strategist believes One Nation lacks the core votes or swingers in major population areas where most state seats exist.
He gives it as best 6% of the primary vote in parts of Brisbane where it would need 9-10% to help the LNP back into office.
"Maths matter," Dr Douglas said. "Most seats are in Brisbane. Labor will run a Brisbane-centric campaign."
He is also dismissive of attacks on the strength of the state's finances saying it had assets of $300 billion to $330 billion set against nett debt of around $30bn and gross debt of $90bn.
"If anything Queensland is under-geared. Revenue streams are incredibly strong."
Mr McArdle said Dr Douglas should have the intelligence to understand his claims about booth workers swapping shirts to alternatively support LNP and then One Nation candidates was simply ridiculous.
"The LNP supports the LNP and the Coalition," he said.
Mark McArdle (LNP Caloundra) and his wife Judy campaigned for Fisher LNP candidate Andrew Wallace. John McCutcheon
"We don't dabble in rubbish politics. One Nation may well and possibly will (have a huge impact in Qld) but these claims are on the fringe of reality,.
"The LNP would not act in such a ridiculous manner."
Mr McArdle said he had not noticed increase support for the Hanson party inside his electorate but would not be surprised.
"That applies everywhere," he said. "The major parties are not listening to the desires and wishes of the electorate.
"Palmer was the start of it. One Nation has a better leader in Hanson. She will get a lot of support.
"People are angry and feel isolated. They are feeling the pain of increased cost of living and the need to cater for the growth on the Sunshine Coast is not being heard.
"People are hurting in the hip pocket."
Mr McArdle lashed out at the propensity of political parties to test the electorate's mood through focus groups and polls leading to 30-second sound grabs rather than "long-term policies for the benefit of the state.
"There is a sense of 1998 out there," he said referring to the One Nation vote in that election.
"There's frustration with the major parties.
"One Nation is by no means a certainty but I think it has a leader who has been through the ringer and who appears at least to be listening and understanding. We have to change that."
Pauline Clayton who has had a long involvement in conservative politics and campaigning dating back to 1970. She is a Kawana branch member of the LNP and has worked supporting both Jarrod Bleijie and Mal Brough as well as a number of other federal Coalition politicians.
TROUBLE AHEAD: Pauline Clayton, who has campaigned for the Coalition since 1970, is disenchanted enough to consider changing her vote for the first time.
Ms Clayton said support was strong for Mr Bleijie within the Kawana branch but said she was aware of a number of former Liberals who would vote One Nation and voted One Nation at the last federal election.
"Last time (1998) it was the Nats and I think they will return to her," she said.
"I've spoken to strong former Nats now in the LNP who have told me 'if we don't preference One Nation we are crazy'.
"Jarrod Bleijie has always been a hard worker. Anyone sloppy on the edges or who doesn't communicate well will be in trouble."
Ms Clayton, now a single part pensioner, warns of a serious backlash against the LNP from voters who don't separate federal from state politics over the cuts to pensions which will kick in with the first cheque distribution in 2017.
"I'm hearing a great deal of concern from (LNP) members. The federal pension hit will be sheeted home to the LNP here.
"There is a real concern in the community and I think in the ranks of politicians don't understand it.
"There is a wave of discontent rushing towards them and I'm part of it.
"I was involved in my first campaign in 1970 and from that day on I have never considered voting for the Libs or LNP.
"Right now I couldn't promise it."
A One Nation spokesperson said no one within Pauline Hanson's One Nation executive, or candidates in these seats were aware of any truth to the claims by Dr Douglas.
"Pauline Hanson's One Nation have not seen polling in the seats of Caloundra, Glass House, Nanango or Toowoomba, however the Party is aware of increased support across Queensland and the whole country since the success of One Nation at the Federal election," he said.
"Dr Douglas is entitled to his own opinion, however claims that Pauline Hanson's One Nation is a faction of the LNP does not make sense and may be defamatory".
Hatters keeper Marek Stech has been nominated for the PFA Bristol Street Motors League Two Player of the Month Award for August and September.
The ex-Sparta Prague stopper has kept five clean sheets in 11 Sky Bet League Two outings so far and is up against two other keepers for the award in Exeter's Christy Pym and Notts County's Adam Collin, while Mickey Demetriou (Newport County), Joe Jacobson (Wycombe Wanderers) and Jack Grimmer (Coventry) complete the six-man shortlist.
Supporters have until 11pm this evening to vote for Stech and when asked about the summer signing's form so far this term, Hatters boss Nathan Jones wasn't surprised to see him make such a favourable impression, particularly with his dominance of the penalty area.
He said: “That's why we bought him, he's 6ft 4, an international goalkeeper, good pedigree, used to playing at a higher level, played in this league, got promoted from the league above, so we know he's a good pedigree.
“That's what we want, we want keepers to be dominant.
“When we have young keepers here, we ask them to be dominant and have good starting positions and if they're going to make a mistake, then be positive.
Marek has taken the limelight in terms of being in the first team, but he's getting pushed every day by James and Harry (Isted). Nathan Jones
“Marek's shown that, but Marek's a fine goalkeeper and we're pleased with him.”
Jones also felt that being challenged for his place by James Shea and youngster Harry Isted has helped, adding: “We're delighted with the goalkeepers we've recruited, all three of them.
“Marek has taken the limelight in terms of being in the first team, but he's getting pushed every day by James and Harry (Isted).
“We explained the situation to all three of the keepers, they knew exactly where they were, and James has been exactly how we knew he would be. We think we have two number ones, we don't think we have a number one and number two.
“Invariably it's turned out that way so far, but we believe we've got two number ones and a real one for developing.
“We're in a good place with our goalkeepers and long may that continue.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) rebuked a report by a UN human rights team that accused the army, FARDC, of committing mass killings, torture and rape in the country's war-torn Kasai region.
"There are a few undisciplined elements in FARDC," Congolese Human Rights Minister Marie-Ange Mushobekwa told DW. "But that doesn't mean that every member of the police or the army is a delinquent."
UN experts presented a report to the body's Human Rights Council last week that accused FARDC of "systematic" human rights violations against civilians in Kasai suspected of supporting rebel militias. Some violations, they said, amounted to war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Locals told the team that FARDC soldiers had tortured civilians, indiscriminately murdered some by burning them alive, and raped women and girls, in some cases gang raping victims in front of their family members. Some women and girls were allegedly given a "choice" between being killed or raped. The experts said many of the perpetrators had not been punished.
But Mushobekwa said that military police were investigating soldiers suspected of committing crimes against civilians. "They won't go unpunished," she said.
Watch video 02:08 Now live 02:08 mins. Share Escalating violence in DRC's Kasai province Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2gaNy Escalating violence in DRC's Kasai province
Gang rapes, beheadings and cannibalism
FARDC has been fighting Kamuina Nsapu and Bana Mura militias in Kasai since fighting between rival ethnic and political groups surged there following the death of a local opposition leader in late 2016.
In their 126-page report, UN experts also detailed gruesome atrocities committed by members of the two militia groups.
Bana Mura troops reportedly dismembered victims and engaged in mass rape of women and children, in some cases with the use of sticks or firearms. One man was reportedly executed after he refused an order to rape his own daughter.
Other locals reported that Kamuina Nsapu troops beheaded civilians with machetes, forced family members to rape their relatives and ordered captive children to cook victims' limbs. "One victim told us that in May 2017 she saw a group of Kamuina Nsapu militia, some of whom sported female genitals as medals," the report stated.
According to Omar Kavota from local NGO Center for Peace, Democracy and Human Rights Studies (CEPADHO), Kamwina Nsapu have committed the majority of the atrocities in the conflict. "They behead people, cut off their private parts and display them in public, believing this gives them extraordinary power," he said.
Watch video 01:28 Now live 01:28 mins. Share Congolese flee violence to Angola Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2gOhK Congolese flee violence to Angola
'A climate of terror in Kasai'
General David Musandi, Kasai's police commissioner, denied that there was widespread violence against civilians in the region. "Everything is peaceful," he told DW. "Everything is under control."
But Justice Tshiamalala Biaya of Kasai's Center for Human Rights corroborated the UN's findings and told DW that people investigating atrocities were regularly intimidated. "There is still a climate of terror in Kasai," she said.
A UN peacekeeping force known as MONUSCO has been monitoring the violence in Kasai since December 2016. The head of the mission, Leila Zerrougui, told DW that solving the conflict would require the disarmament of rebel militias and a reconciliation process between warring parties.
"It's not acceptable that the civilian population pays such a heavy price for this situation," she said.
The exceptional spell of hot, dry weather is set to continue into the end of next week, with no rain forecast for the next ten days, Met Éireann has said.
This weekend is set to see the hottest temperatures of the week, potentially hitting 30 degrees in one of two parts of the country, according to senior meteorologist John Eagleton.
However, the highest temperatures will still be a “notch below” those seen last week, he said. On average top temperatures will range around 27 to 28 degrees over the weekend, he said.
In terms of rainfall there will be practically “nothing in the next ten days” Mr Eagleton said. Another factor behind the hot weather is the humidity levels are very low, which means it is not clammy or sticky, he said.
“The skies are dead blue. It's the best period of weather I've ever seen, it's fabulous” he said.
Top temperatures on Wednesday will be upwards of 23 degrees, Met Éireann forecast, with the Midlands to be the warmest part of the country.
Similar to much of the last week and a half, it will be dry with light breezes, the national forecaster anticipates.
Irish Water said a hosepipe ban introduced across the Greater Dublin area on Monday, has helped reduce demand on the stretched water utility. Irish Water can produce 610 million litres of treated water for the Dublin region and parts of surrounding counties per day. Last Wednesday some 615m litres of water was drawn down in Dublin, but this dropped to 578m litres on Monday, following a ban on people using garden hoses. Due to the high temperatures and near drought conditions the utility's reservoirs have been drained.
The month-long ban means people cannot use their garden hose to water their plants, cars, gardens, or fill up a paddling pool.
A spokeswoman for Irish Water said a decision on extending the hosepipe ban to other parts of the country would be made by the end of the week. Water schemes in parts of Kilkenny, Laois and Limerick are under major pressure, and may see the water conservation order extended to those areas.
Irish Water said since the ban was introduced it has received less than ten reports of people breaking it and excessively using water. Households ignoring the ban can be fined €125, and prosecuted if they fail to pay the fine.
Dublin Fire Brigade have been dealing with several gorse fires in recent days. On Tuesday the fire service were tackling two gorse fire blazes, in Coolock, north Dublin and in the Dublin mountains.
The fire service advised any households down wind of large gorse fires to close their windows, to avoid inhaling the thick smoke, and for motorists to drive cautiously due to reduced visibility on roads.
Last week fire services in the eastern region of the country logged 608 incidents, 171 of which were gorse fires. A further 109 were grass fires, mainly in green areas of housing estates or fields, and 21 were forest fires. Wicklow saw the most gorse fires, with 56 logged incidents.
Teagasc, the State's farming advice service, has set up a drought helpline for farmers offering advice on feeding stock and other issues. Farmers can contact this helpline at 087- 7971377 from 9am to 9pm each day. There are also a series of clinics and events taking place around the country where advice will be available for farmers.
RTÉ weather woman awkwardly walks offset amid technical difficulties
30 May 2018
Caitríona Perry and Keelin Shanley definitely had their work cut out for them last night as RTÉ experienced some “major technical difficulties,” writes Sally Gorman.
If you tuned in to yesterday's RTÉ Six One News you were met with a series of delays and disruption to service as the programme was forced off air twice.
That being said, the girls played a blinder! They kept things under control and remained cool, calm and composed despite the difficult circumstances.
Twitter, however, showed no mercy and viewers were quick to criticise station's gaffe.
#RTE seems to be having a meltdown. Must be all gone for ice creams! — Aoife Dowd (@aoifedowd) May 29, 2018
Serious gremlins in the @rte system this evening😂😂😂 #rte — Mags Murphy (@margaretb2010) May 29, 2018
It wasn't just the news that was affected though, RTÉ Two also took a bit of a tumble.
There was a disruption to transmission of The Simpsons and Neighbours.
Sincere apologies, we're having a bit of technical bother at the moment and will be unable to bring you the concluding part of #TheSimpsons. We hope to resume transmission with #Neighbours as scheduled. Thanks for your patience. — RTÉ2 (@RTE2) May 29, 2018
Now on #RTE2 all gremlins are out of the system and we're back on track with our tea-time trip to Ramsay St for #Neighbours. Thanks for you patience 🙌 — RTÉ2 (@RTE2) May 29, 2018
All in all, the situation was handled very smoothly…until the weather segment.
This poor weather woman was the biggest victim of the technical faults and was caught awkwardly walking offset after delivering her update…as the cameras kept rolling.
We can only imagine there were thousands tuned in to hear the forecast for the rest of the week..which looks set to sunny by the way.
This isn't the station's first blooper though, in fact there has been quite a few memorable ones.
Aengus Mac Grianna has had his fair share:
Even Caitríona Perry suffered a little blip as Washington Correspondent.
And how could we forget Theresa Mannion's famous report from Salthill?
Share it:
Don't Miss
Viral video shows 8-year-old boy helping elderly woman up steps An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after he hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville, Ga. Courtesy of Riley Duncan ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after he hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville, Ga. Courtesy of Riley Duncan
Buy Photo Jordan Reyes, of Goosehead Insurance, left, and Josh Flander, of Apex Systems, work at the new Cowork Annex overlooking downtown Pensacola on Wednesday, November 29, 2017. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)Buy Photo
If you want to support local designs this season be sure to visit the holidaymakers Market Friday, Dec. 15 from 6-9 p.m. at the Cowork @nnex, located at 13 Palafox Pl., for unique gift ideas during Gallery Night.
“The annex wants to encourage and support local small business in as many ways as possible,” said Community Manager Karen McLouth.
Leader Art Consultants (LAC) support and commit to the success of Gulf Coast artists and through a monthly partnership with @rt at the @nnex this event is presented by cowork @nnex to showcase local and regional talent.
More: Giffney Nagel built a community through cowork @nnex
Cookies, hot cider, holiday tunes, and movies will set the tone for the evening and season. Beverages will be provided by Big Jerk Soda Co. and Bluejay's Bakery will have freshly baked gingerbread cookies.
The market will feature 30 independent makers and artists such as Rafi Was Here Studios, Pensacola Graffiti Bridge Project, Klee Angelie Jewelry, Poppy Garcia, Teatree Boutique, Joe Hobbs Glass and a variety of other custom and handcrafted gifts created by local talent.
Admission is free but art donations such as color pencils, markers, paint, crayons, and drawing paper are welcomed to help benefit Pensacola Museum of Art. The annex made their first contribution to Galley Night in Oct. and they look forward to discovering exciting and new ways to bring exposure to artists in the community.
Archive: Graffiti artists will exhibit at Gallery Night in new cowork @nnex in Pensacola
McLouth commented that the creative collaboration with Gulf Coast artists and LAC has been inspiring, saying, “The community and vibe that this is building is part of our vision and mission.” This holiday season support local artists by rewarding creativity to find original gifts for your loved ones this Gallery Night.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/life/light-side/bacon/2017/12/11/cowork-nnex-hosts-popup-marketplace-just-time-holidays/941834001/
express.co.uk The ISS launched in 1998 as an international scientific research station.
Watch breathtaking footage of Earth live from space via NASA's International Space Station live stream right here.
The International Space Station (ISS) is circling some 240 miles above the surface of Earth and filming our planet from space, express.co.uk wrote.
The largest man-made satellite is currently orbiting the Earth and providing a glimpse into the wonders of outer space, streamed live over the internet.
The spectacular feed from the ISS gives people on Earth a chance to see the incredible views that astronauts admire in space.
It takes the space station about 90 minutes to orbit the planet, with a total of around 15 trips done every 24 hours.
As the station passes into night time for 45 minutes every orbit, the live feed falls dark.
Astronauts from the across the world stay on the joint-international scientific research station where they carry out research on life in space.
If you have been inspired by the live stream, you can try spotting the ISS in the night sky where it is visible from London until April 7.
The sightings will last anywhere up to seven minutes, between 8 p.m. and 10.30 p.m. BST. A full list of sightings can be found here.
To the naked eye, the passing ISS will look like a bright white dot speeding across the starry sky.
First launched into space in 1998, the ISS caught the public imagination thanks to Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.
The astronaut went viral after his rendition of David Bowie's Space Oddity proved very popular on Earth in 2013.
He continued to film both entertaining and educational videos, about life on board the ISS.
In a public Reddit chat he described the scenes from space.
He said, “Australia looks coolest — the colours and textures of the Outback are severly artistic.
“The most beautiful to me are the Bahamas, the vast glowing reefs of every shade of blue that exists."
He added, “[Space] looks like a carpet of countless tiny perfect unblinking lights in endless velvet, with the Milky Way as a glowing area of paler texture.”
/ Front page / News
IF police continue to beat up suspects in order to get evidence, they will cause instability in the country and this also undermines the Constitution, says Professor David J McQuoid-Mason.
Prof McQuoid-Mason is from South Africa and is a professor of law based at the High Court of South Africa and is here to conduct training for police and law officers on early access to justice, responsibilities of police during arrest and importance of legal aid.
He said the training aimed to educate and upskill justice officers on how they could work together to ensure the criminal justice system worked fairly, smoothly and efficiently.
Prof McQuoid-Mason said police brutality happened all over the world as police officers tried means to attain evidence from suspects.
However, he said it was imperative to train officers on how to collect evidence from suspects without beating them up.
With this day and age, he said police officers should move away from gathering evidence through confessions.
"All of you have to move from confession-based cases to evidence-based so the police officers have to know how to collect evidence," he said.
Prof McQuoid-Mason also highlighted how Fiji was setting an example to the rest of the developing countries as it followed the UN principles and guidelines on legal aid.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are tracking Aston Villa's Jack Grealish, according to national reports.
The 22-year-old is Villa's prized asset and may be sold this summer following the failure to win promotion to the Premier League.
According to The Sun, United like Grealish and see him as an ideal player for the future.
United are poised to sign Brazilian midfielder Fred from Shakhtar Donetsk, but Grealish is also under consideration.
Gut-wrenching
“Devastated as much as you guys are,” tweeted Jack Grealish in the aftermath of Aston Villa's play-off final defeat.
But those words don't come close to explaining the real pain the 22-year-old is feeling right now, as Gregg Evans reports.
Grealish is genuinely broken by Saturday's crushing defeat to Fulham.
He dropped to his knees on the final whistle, endured a sleepless night in the hours following the loss and will wake up on this Bank Holiday morning wondering what might have been.
Battered from pillar to post at Wembley, Grealish was also nursing a number of bumps and bruises.
But nothing compares to the mental torture that he's going through right now.
Villa are his club, he so desperately wanted to take them back to the Premier League, and boy, what an effort he put in.
For long spells at the national stadium Grealish carried his side.
Boss Steve Bruce admitted after that those around him didn't offer enough support. If they did, things might have been different.
For all his pre-match chat, including a lengthy interview with Sky Sports in the build-up to the game, Villa's prized asset couldn't put a sentence together after the game.
Team-mate Lewis Grabban warned him of that feeling.
“All you want to do is leave the stadium after a defeat in the play-off final,” he said having experienced it twice before.
And how Grealish suffered in those final steps as he trudged off the pitch following a heart-warming hug from his captain, John Terry.
Mentally and physically drained, he stuck to his pre-match plan of staying over in London with those close to him.
But Jack the Lad was missing.
Friends and family had never seen him so rocked. This game meant the world to him.
FA Cup final defeats are difficult to take. Grealish has been there, too.
But this was a season-defining fixture, and for the midfielder, possibly career-defining.
Promotion to the Premier League would have topped off a fine 2018 and made next season easy.
A top-flight return with his beloved claret and blues, topped up by the experience of two years in the Championship. Happy days.
Arguably the best performer in the division in the calendar year and certainly the most-improved, Grealish is going places.
He's too good for the second tier and even his boss, Bruce, believes he's ‘good enough for any team out there'.
Grealish wanted that team to be Villa. The team he has supported all his life and played for since his early schoolboy years.
He's happy in Birmingham, loves hosting his Villa-supporting friends and family on matchdays, and wanted nothing more but to repair some of the damage his beloved club has suffered in recent times.
Now, though, he must decide on what's best for his future.
As gut-wrenching as it would be to leave Villa - and let's be honest, that's now very likely - the silky-skilled star must think about his own career.
Bruce felt he was worthy of a World Cup place with England but suggested he missed out because Villa were in the Championship.
Can he afford another season missing out on key career goals?
Okay, so he's going to be a rich man whether he stays at Villa or moves back to the Premier League, where there will be no shortage of suitors this summer.
A pay-rise will inevitably follow any move, but money isn't motivating him.
Leicester are said to be keen and they're building an exciting young team. Ben Chilwell and Demarai Gray are pals.
Dele Alli - a Tottenham regular - would have told Grealish all about the delights of international and Champions League football. too. The pair is also tight.
Manchester United are also said to be interested and that would be a major jump.
Right now, though, it's too early to consider a move away. It's all too raw.
Strong words of wisdom from those close to him have been needed in the last 48 hours.
The emotionally-charged 90 minutes at Wembley proved exactly what the club means to Grealish and wouldn't it be a shame for him to bow out on such a sour note.
A holiday is needed to reflect on this season's shortcomings, recuperate, and plan for next season. Whatever happens, it's going to be a big one.
Inevitably, this summer will involve plenty of talk about his future. Only time will tell what happens next.
Deliberately targeted
Steve Bruce believes Fulham deliberately targeted Jack Grealish as part of their gameplan against Aston Villa.
Grealish, the attacking midfielder, was on the receiving end of a number of illegal tackles during Villa's 1-0 play-off final defeat at Wembley.
The 22-year-old was fouled more than any other player in a single Championship fixture during the season - including for both of Denis Odoi's bookable offences as the Fulham defender was sent off.
He also appeared to be stamped on in the first half by full-back Ryan Fredericks who escaped without punishment from referee Anthony Taylor.
Bruce said: "For me, he (Fredericks) stamps on Jack. I saw it straight away and thought the fourth official was there too.
"When it's that close you'd think the officials would have the communication to deal with it.
"When it's as deliberate as that, it is quite straightforward. He deserved a red card.
"(Fouling) Jack was part of their gameplan. When he broke, they were a bit cynical."
Robert Snodgrass posts message to Aston Villa fans ahead of West Ham return
Grealish, who risked seeing red himself for a late tackle on the match-winner Tom Cairney but received a caution, was clearly Villa's most dangerous threat.
He almost scored an equaliser in the second half after an incredible run which split Fulham's defence, but his shot was deflected and saved by Marcus Bettinelli.
Bruce added: "It was part of their game plan. I don't want to make than an excuse. It's not me, making excuses.
“In the first half we didn't do enough. Jack, the way he plays is going to draw a foul.
“We just needed that run that he went on to then finish with a goal. It was a great run.
“We needed it in the back of the net.”
Released, retained, sold & signed: Aston Villa's burning issues as summer transformation begins
Terry's message
Aston Villa captain John Terry says he is “absolutely devastated” as he thanked the club's fans for their support following the play-off final defeat to Fulham.
The veteran defender, whose future is still to be decided after his one-year deal came to an end at Wembley on Saturday, posted an update of his whereabouts to his millions of Instagram followers - he's off on his hols!
Terry, 37, made 36 appearances for Villa after being persuaded to sign last summer having departed boyhood club Chelsea.
Discussions will take place this summer over whether that stay is extended.
The centre-half, who could be seen consoling Jack Grealish on the final whistle, was highly likely to remain with the club had they secured promotion back to the top flight.
The future is now uncertain, after Tom Cairney's first-half strike sent the Cottagers to the Premier League.
Failure to achieve the pre-season target 'kills' Terry, who has made a quick getaway on a yacht.
“Absolutely devastated to lose yesterday @avfcofficial,” he posted.
“Our goal as a Football club, players, staff, owner and fans was to achieve promotion. It kills me that we aren't able to achieve what we set out to do.
“All I can say is that we gave it our all throughout the season, had incredible support from our fans, but unfortunately fell just short.
“Thank you for all the support throughout the season.”
Number crunching
Highly reputable football finance website Swiss Ramble have revealed the staggering £142 million hit Aston Villa took in losing the Championship play-off final.
The Wembley final against Fulham was billed as Villa's biggest match since their 1982 European Cup triumph.
But Fulham captain Tom Cairney's first half strike condemned the claret and blues to a third successive season of Championship football – and with it the inevitable cost cutting.
Manager Steve Bruce has already bemoaned the club's lack of spending power due to increasingly strict Financial Fair Play rules.
Bruce was forced to sell some of the club's most valuable assets last summer in order to balance the books and the same will need to be done this summer.
A Premier League return wouldn't have answered all Villa's FFP issues, but it would have gone a long way towards it.
Had Villa overcome Fulham under the arch they would have banked a minimum of £174.8 million in Premier League TV revenue, possible parachute payments and distributed cash.
The defeat, however, means they'll be entitled to just one final parachute payment worth £16.6 million combined with the Championship's fixed solidarity payment and basic award.
The Premier League's greatest financial carrot is the vast sums of TV money on offer. Promotion would have seen Villa bank a minimum of £94.7 million in TV money next season.
In the Championship, teams are paid just £100,000 for hosting a Sky Sports match and £10,000 if they're on the box away from home.
While Slavisa Jokanovic is spending the rewards of winning the so-called ‘richest game in football', Villa are set for a summer of wheeling and dealing that, will in all probability, see one of their big names leave.
For more from Swiss Ramble, you can check out their website here.
The press secretary probably didn't expect a hardball question from a 13-year-old Wednesday. Unfortunately, she also couldn't give him a straight answer.
WATCH: Sarah Sanders chokes up after child says he worries he could get shot at school https://t.co/iLh7GaEa8b pic.twitter.com/lrYNIXSClq — The Hill (@thehill) May 30, 2018
An aspiring child reporter attended Wednesday's White House press briefing, but make no mistake: What he had to say was anything but a softball question.
Benje Choucroun, 13, asked press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders an important question about guns and school safety.
“At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill,” Choucroun began. “One thing that affects mine and other students' mental health is to worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school. Specifically, can you tell me about what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?”
There's a kid at today's White House press briefing. He just asked Sarah Sanders about school shootings and safety https://t.co/PrmyAzaik0 — Meg Wagner (@megwagner) May 30, 2018
It's a question that's likely on the minds of millions of schoolchildren across a wide spectrum of grades throughout the country. Sanders appeared to be choked up by the question while she responded.
“I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe,” Sanders said. “So I'm sorry that you feel that way.”
What empathy she did display, however, was short-lived; she gave a strict non-answer in the rest of her reply.
”This administration takes it seriously, and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week. Again, an official meeting to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make kids feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off,” Sanders said.
It isn't Sanders's fault, necessarily, that she had to give the non-answer reply that she did. The press secretary was clearly emotional from the question she received.
Yet, President Donald Trump and his administration's policy on guns — or rather, their policy on not doing anything about gun violence — cannot be overlooked. This administration has promised to ban bump stock accessories, but is slow to act and actively stands against what the American people support — including closing the gun show loophole and banning certain types of weapons.
Choucroun displayed courage in asking his question to Sanders. It's up to this administration to show courage now, and stand up to the gun lobby to pass meaningful reform. Sadly, it doesn't seem like that's likely to happen anytime soon.
TIMMINS -
The Timmins Rock will be sporting a fresh new look when they host the Powassan Voodoos Saturday night at the McIntyre Arena.
Rock players will be decked out in their alternate Timmins Golden Bears jerseys when the puck drops at 7 p.m. for the NOJHL contest.
The Rock franchise, of course, began life as the Golden Bears back in the 1991-92 season, before it moved to Iroquois Falls after the 1998-99 campaign and became the Jr. Eskis and then Eskimos.
Dozens of players wore the Golden Bears jerseys during the eight years the franchise operated out of the Archie Dillon Sportsplex, including a pair who went on to NHL fame — current Arizona Coyotes assistant general manager Steve Sullivan (1991-92 Golden Bears) and Vancouver Canucks goaltending coach Dan Cloutier (1992-93 Golden Bears).
Rock president Ted Gooch confirmed a number of former Golden Bears players will be introduced during a pre-game ceremony Saturday night.
“The response has been great so far,” he said.
“We sent out an invitation to all of the alumni of the club and we know of about 10 players who have committed to being part of the pre-game ceremony.
“In addition, the former president of the Golden Bears, Mike Kentish (grandfather of current Rock forward Evan Kentish-Stack) will be there to represent the club.”
Any chance Sullivan might be one of those players attending Saturday night's contest?
“We know his schedule is very tough right now, with this being mid-season, but we extended an invitation to him,” Gooch said.
“We have not, to this point, been able to confirm whether or not he will be here.”
One of the former Golden Bears stars who have confirmed he will return to Timmins for the ceremony is Jimmy Ratte (196), who ranks second in franchise history to Andrew Bain (269) in terms of points.
Ratte's 119 goals also rank second to Bain's franchise record 125.
In terms of individual seasons, the 59 goals Ratte scored in 44 games during the 1992-93 season ranks ties him with Derek MacNair for second place behind Sullivan's franchise best 66 scored in 47 games during the 1991-92 campaign.
Ratte, a native of Fauquier-Strickland who now lives in Sault Ste. Marie, also spent time in the OHL with the Greyhounds and the Sudbury Wolves.
The Golden Bears jerseys the Rock will wear on Saturday feature the blue, gold, red and white colour scheme employed by the NHL's St. Louis Blues from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s.
At one point in the franchise's history, it switched to the blue, black, gold and white colour scheme employed by the Washington Capitals in the late 1990s.
“One of the players who will be coming back for the ceremony will be wearing one of the old Washington Capitals-styled jerseys,” Gooch said.
“He still has his old jersey, so fans will be able to see what it looked like, as well.”
Gooch noted the idea has of introducing a third jersey has actually been brewing for pretty much the whole season.
“Back in September, the board of directors asked themselves what would be something neat we could do an one of the ideas was to introduce an alternate jersey,” he said.
“We love the idea, because if it gives us a chance to incorporate the franchise's history.
Should the Rock finally upset the Voodoos Saturday night, is there any chance fans might see the alternate jerseys in action again this season?
“We may need to,” Gooch said.
“We have a lot of very superstitious hockey players and if we beat the Voodoos we may have to look at that.”
That might prove a little tricky, however, as the jerseys worn by the Rock players will be signed by the players and auctioned off following the game.
“There will be an online auction, which will go live on Saturday at noon and run for a full week,” Gooch said.
“Fans will be able to go on our website, see all of the jerseys up for auction and bid on them. They will be able to own a piece of history.
“If we are able to raise between $2,000 and $3,000 through this auction, we will be happy.”
Rock assistant captain Grant McClellan got a sneak preview of the new jerseys Friday morning at the McInyre Arena and he liked what he saw.
“I am really impressed,” he said.
“They look really nice. I think we are going to look real classy out there Saturday night. I am sure we will wear them with pride.”
To say the Timmins players have been looking forward to rocking their new threads might be a bit of an understatement.
“There has been a lot of excitement in the room,” McClellan said.
“There has been a lot of anticipation. The guys have really been talking about it. Everyone is really fired up.”
Might the Golden Bears jerseys give the Rock an edge against the Voodoos?
“They might throw them off a little bit, but we are just going to go out there and play our game,” McClellan said.
“If we play a hard style of hockey and stay focused for 60 minutes, we will get the job done.”
The Rock, who took on the Gold Miners in Kirkland Lake Friday night, will be playing their second game in as many nights, while the Voodoos, who tangled with the Lumberjacks in Hearst Friday night, will be wrapping up a three-game road trip.
The puck is scheduled to drop at 7 p.m.
Assuming things go well, the Rock will likely look at hold a similar third-jersey game again in the future.
Coastal Surveillance is a combined system that consists of multiple control centers, cameras and a set of sensor stations forming a hierarchical architecture for advanced surveillance of the coastline. Global coastal surveillance market is anticipated to grow steadily in the upcoming years owing to increased situational awareness, growing coastline activities, and rising geo-political conflicts. However, declining defense budgets of developed nations might hinder the market growth. Increasing maritime traffic would provide lucrative opportunities for the market. The market is moderately competitive owing to the presence of few global players competing on the basis of cost, quality, and reliability of the product. Provision of customized solutions is the prime technique adopted by market leaders to improve their market presence. Asia-Pacific is anticipated to exhibit significant growth rate owing to growing maritime traffic and several border conflicts within this region.
Coastal Surveillance Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on end use, application, structure, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the coastal Surveillance market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the coastal Surveillance industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/coastal-surveillance-market/request-sample
Coastal Surveillance Market Segmentation
By End Use
• Coast Guard
• Navy
• Others
By Application
• Command & Control
• Communication
• Computers
• Intelligence
• Surveillance & Reconnaissance
• Electronic Warfare
By Structure
• Port
• Regional
• National
Coastal Surveillance Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the coastal Surveillance market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on coastal Surveillance market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/coastal-surveillance-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
A Vilimoni Koroi playmaking masterclass has guided the All Blacks Sevens to their second consecutive win at the Hamilton Sevens.
The Kiwis trumped Scotland 24-5 this afternoon, just hours after opening their home event on the right note with a 52-7 thumping of France.
And they had the 19-year-old Koroi to thank for their perfect record.
The Otago-based star was in stunning form in the Waikato, setting up first-half tries to Tim Mikkelson and captain Scott Curry before scoring his own.
Sam Dickson then rounded out the result before a Scotland consolation try.
The win follows their eight-try demolition of France, in which the prodigious Etene Nanai-Seturo scored a length-of-the-field stunner.
Curry also scored a double in that match.
They'll now look to round out a perfect pool play against Argentina on Saturday evening, who had earlier defeated Scotland at the death.
"This game here, it was just about working on our defence, so it was pretty good to keep them scoreless until that last try," Koroi said.
"We have to keep that up."
Earlier, Australia recovered from their second sluggish first-half in succession to defeat Wales 26-7, following their 21-5 win over Spain.
Having gone into the break just two points ahead of the Spanish, the Australians took a 0-0 scoreline into half-time against the Welsh.
But they duly bounced back in the second half with tries to Maurice Longbottom, Charles Taylor and a Ben O'Donnell brace and won the match.
Despite Mary Magdalene being the first person to see the resurrected Christ, she has been remembered largely in the shadow of the disciples and Jesus himself. Director Garth Davis sets out to challenge this, placing us in 33 CE and following Jesus, with Mary as his 13th disciple, through the Biblical best hits: the rising of Lazarus, the casting out of the money lenders, the last supper, the crucifixion and the final resurrection.
Davis, and screenwriters Helen Edmundson and Philippa Goslett, introduce us to Mary (Rooney Mara) living amongst her family: fixing fishing nets, acting as a midwife and devoted to her prayer. This devotion, combined with a reluctance to marry, leads the men folk to believe Mary is possessed by demons, resulting in them dragging her out to sea in a shocking exorcism. The brutality of this near drowning is soon brought into sharp contrast with the soft and moving baptisms of a travelling preacher, Jesus of Nazareth (Joaquin Phoenix). Mary decides to follow Jesus, much to the chagrin of her family and several of the apostles, most notably Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor).
Phoenix is strangely passionless as Jesus, reminding me more of a guy who'd ask if I knew where to buy acid at a festival than the Son of God. Phoenix jarringly speaks with an American twang, whilst the rest of the cast sport various wandering and dodgy accents. Despite being a couple off screen, the chemistry between Mara and Phoenix is restricted largely by the formal dialogue, limited to breathy theological quips and pious staring. Other biblical films have suggested a sexual relationship between Mary and Jesus, an idea this film seems so painfully desperate to avoid that it prevents a meaningful relationship developing between the two. Whilst the camera stays close to Mara's face, the beauty and energy she was able to transmit in the now infamous eight-minute pie scene in A Ghost Story is lost here, with several scenes verging on being actively boring.
The feminist credentials of the film are shaky at best. We see the story through Mary, rather than seeing Mary's story, limiting the claims of a radical retelling. Although Mary tells Jesus she fears “My thoughts, my longings, my unhappiness”, we never get close to understanding what these are, and her characterisation feels utterly incomplete. With the tagline ‘Her story will be told', the film sets out to counter the popular belief that Mary was a sex worker. On screen text at the close of the film explains that this misconception stems in fact from Pope Gregory in 591, not from the gospels. Even Mara herself “grew up thinking she [Mary] was a prostitute”. This simultaneous denial of Mary as a sex worker and reappraisal of her as a feminist icon unfortunately ends up creating a feeling that, to give us a true feminist retelling, Mary's reputation must be totally rehabilitated and sex work demonised.
Although the film purports to offer a retelling of Mary's life, the most inspired narrative twist is that of Judas, played by the supremely talented Tahar Rahim. Rather than betraying Jesus for 30 pieces of silver, Judas is instead depicted as a loyal man, whose desperation to be reunited with his dead wife and daughter lead to the ultimate betrayal.
Film reviewed at Cineworld, Edinburgh.
Image: Universal Pictures International
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Generators are still humming. Candles are still flickering. Homes are still being repaired.
Puerto Rico was hit by Hurricane Maria exactly six months ago, and the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century.
"There are a lot of people with needs," said Levid Ortiz, operating director of PR4PR, a local nonprofit that helps impoverished communities across the island. "It shouldn't be like this. We should already be back on our feet."
Some 250 Puerto Ricans formed a line around him on a recent weekday, standing for more than two hours to receive bottles of water and a box of food at a public basketball court in the mountain town of Corozal. Many of those waiting were still without power, including 23-year-old Keishla Quiles, a single mother with a 4-year-old son who still buys ice every day to fill a cooler to keep milk and other goods cold amid rising temperatures.
Advertisement
"Since we're a family of few resources, we have not been able to afford a generator," she said. "It's been hard living like this."
Crews already have restored water to 99 percent of clients and power to 93 percent of customers, but more than 100,000 of them still remain in the dark. Justo Gonzalez, interim director for Puerto Rico's Electric Power Authority, said he expects the entire island to have power by May, eight months after the Category 4 storm destroyed two-thirds of the island's power distribution system — and just as the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season is about to start.
Gonzalez also pledged to inspect dozens of wooden and cement poles still leaning haphazardly across the island after a wooden telephone pole fell on a car. It killed an elderly couple on Sunday as they returned from a town fair in the mountains of western Puerto Rico. The deaths of Luis Beltran, 62, and Rosa Bosque, 60, have angered Puerto Ricans and raised concerns about the safety of people as they recover from the hurricane.
"It worries me because ... it can happen anywhere," Mayor Edwin Soto told The Associated Press, adding that crews were going to inspect poles across the mountain town of Las Marias to ensure they are in good condition.
Beltran's youngest sister, Migdalia Beltran, said her brother was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Maria hit, but that he moved back three months ago to be with family.
"He was No. 1," she said as her voice cracked and she began to cry. "He was the one who gave me support to keep going."
The storm caused an estimated $100 billion in damage, killed dozens of people and damaged or destroyed nearly 400,000 homes, according to Puerto Rico's government.
In the six months since the hurricane, more than 135,000 people have fled to the U.S. mainland, according to a recent estimate by the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York.
More than 40 percent of them settled in Florida, followed by Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York and Pennsylvania, the study found.
Meanwhile, those who stayed behind say they need more help.
The AP recently found that of the $23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico, only $1.27 billion for a nutritional assistance program has been disbursed, along with more than $430 million to repair public infrastructure. The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Administration also has spent more than $6 billion from its standing emergency fund.
Meanwhile, the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources issued a letter on Friday demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers explain why it is reducing the number of crews helping restore power when there are still people who remain in the dark.
"While we recognize that much progress has been made in restoring power to the majority of customers, the job is not done," the letter stated.
Jürgen Klopp believes a top-four finish would constitute a successful season for Liverpool, although the ultimate aim remains “to overtake all” their Premier League rivals.
The Champions League represents Liverpool's last hope of a trophy following defeat in the FA Cup by West Brom. Qualifying for Europe's elite club competition for a second consecutive year is also a target and Klopp's team, who are level on points with Chelsea, can move five clear of fifth-placed Tottenham with victory over Mauricio Pochettino's side on Saturday.
Klopp said: “When you start a season you can dream of something and you have to make a realistic target as well. I think being champion is probably the dream – not only at Liverpool but especially at Liverpool – but because of the season [Manchester] City is playing that is quite difficult.
“If you cannot be first then I would prefer to be second but if you are second, third or fourth at the end of the season all three positions are good and similarly difficult to reach.
“Everybody thinks Arsenal are away but they are not. If there is one matchday when one of us loses and Arsenal win then they are five points [behind] and off they go. Tottenham is in the group with all of us for the Champions League positions at the moment so for sure it [the top four] would be a success.”
Mark progress
Liverpool have finished 10 points behind Spurs in Klopp's two campaigns. His team have lost only once in the league since a 4-1 defeat at Wembley in October but, while edging ahead of Tottenham would mark progress, the German retains loftier ambitions.
Klopp said: “Since I came here they have been ahead of us and maybe . . . this is the first moment we are ahead of Tottenham. But it is only two points. It is nothing.
“I think to fulfil our dreams at some point we have to overtake all of them. We cannot decide when or which team. We have to be ready for achieving the biggest thing.”
Having sold his Brazilian playmaker Philippe Coutinho to Barcelona for €161 million a month ago, a decision he reiterated was “sensible”, the Liverpool manager might envy Tottenham's success in keeping the core of their squad intact.
“It is a big sign, to be honest,” he said, although he believes it is only a question of time before a staggering bid arrives for Harry Kane. “The whole world is going nuts transfer-wise. And I think if someone has too much money or more than enough it would make sense to ask Harry Kane: ‘Don't you want to play for our team?' He is obviously at an outstanding top level since I was in England, at least.
“The whole world buys players from everywhere but no one buys one player from Tottenham [in January]. Maybe they don't want to go. With these players and the age group, the players are closer to 20 than 30, that is a very, very interesting project.”
Rubbished claims
Klopp, meanwhile, insists club-record signing Virgil van Dijk is not overweight and his fitness is not an issue.
Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher suggested on Thursday's Sky Sports The Debate programme that the world's most expensive defender “needs to lose a bit of weight”.
However, even though Klopp admits he rested the €85 million January arrival from Southampton for Tuesday's win at Huddersfield he rubbished claims the centre-back was overweight.
“Wow! I am sure Jamie needs a little bit of weight but for Virgil it is not the case,” he said. “He is a big and tall player, that is how it is. We have the best nutrition department and no one came to me and said we need to work with him.
“Being fit means all of that so you have at the end more muscle than anything else. It is not an issue, not at all.”
Van Dijk is set to return to the starting line-up for tomorrow's visit of Tottenham which could play a significant part in the race for the top four.
– Guardian
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan says Birmingham City ‘fans deserve better from stupid owners'.
Jordan was reacting to news that Gianfranco Zola has stepped down after just 142 days in charge of Blues following a terrible run of results that has left the club in grave danger of dropping down to League One.
Zola departed St Andrew's today following another defeat at the hands of relegation rivals Burton Albion.
Goals from former Blues man Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins condemned Zola to his 14th defeat in his 24 matches since taking over from Gary Rowett back in December.
And, following increasing pressure from the club's fans, Zola stepped aside less than an hour after the final whistle.
And Jordan, often outspoken on social media channel Twitter, said: The ridiculous appointment (of) Zola has come to its inevitable end. Despite my vitriol, the BCFC fans deserve better from stupid owners.”
The 2017 Kids Count Reports show Nebraska is 10th for education. The state does a good job at making sure teens graduate on time ranking better than 47 other states. The state doesn't do as well at making sure 3 and 4 year-old's attend some form of schooling, coming in 37th in the country.
The state also has large differences in academic success depending on the child's income level.
MADRID: Prominent pro-independence Catalans are due to appear before a Spanish judge over allegations of sedition Friday, a move that may further escalate tensions between the regional and national governments.
Advertisements
Violence erupted last weekend during Catalonia's independence referendum outlawed by Madrid, and Catalan leaders have threatened to declare independence within days.
The National Court in Madrid has summoned Catalonia's police chief Josep Luis Trapero and three other suspects placed under investigation for alleged sedition to a hearing on Friday.
The accusations refer to unrest in Barcelona on September 20 and 21 after national security forces raided regional government offices in a crackdown against the independence drive.
That police action was met with furious protests and the Catalan regional police were accused of failing to intervene.
The court also summoned the leaders of two prominent Catalan pro-independence civil groups involved in the demonstrations, Jordi Cuixart of Omnium Cultural and Jordi Sanchez of the Catalan National Assembly (ANC), and another senior Catalan police official, Teresa Laplana.
The social and economic stakes of Spain's deepest political crisis in a generation mounted Thursday as banks planned to shift their domiciles from the region and rival footballers weighed in.
Catalan regional president Carles Puigdemont lashed out at the government's “catastrophic” handling of the crisis and said he was open to mediation.
But Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's office retorted that the government “will not accept blackmail.”
The threat to declare independence—possibly during Monday's plenary session in the regional parliament—has raised tensions in the stand-off.
The Constitutional Court on Thursday ordered the session to be suspended while it hears an appeal by rival politicians.
It said the parliament's leaders could face criminal action if they ignore the court order.
Puigdemont and other Catalan leaders have said they are not afraid of going to jail over their independence bid.
They carried out the referendum in defiance of a ban by the Spanish court and stern warnings from the national government in Madrid.
Police violence
Thursday's ruling raised the question of how the Spanish state will respond if Catalans decide to push ahead with Monday's session.
The vote on Sunday saw shocking scenes of police with batons beating unarmed voters.
It was not carried out according to regular electoral standards but Puigdemont said it had lent legitimacy to the independence drive.
If Catalonia declares independence, Spain could respond by suspending the region's existing autonomous status and imposing direct rule from Madrid.
The speaker of the Catalan parliament Carme Forcadell warned such a move “would just increase support for the pro-independence side.”
AFP
A COMMITTEE at the House of Representatives that deliberated on whether to postpone the barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan (SK or youth council) elections in October has agreed to reset it to May 2018.
Voting 19-2 on Monday, the committee on suffrage and electoral reforms said that the incumbent officials would act on holdover capacity.
The elections were originally scheduled in Oct. 31, 2016 but President Rodrigo Duterte signed a law moving the elections to October 2017. MA. REINA LEANNE C. TOLENTINO
An anti-tobacco watchdog on Sunday said casinos are rampant violators of Executive Order No. 26 or the nationwide smoking ban.
The EO refers to the “Establishment of Smoke-Free Environments in Public and Enclosed Places” which took effect on July 23.
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control Alliance Philippines (FCAP) executive director Maricar Limpin said they have received reports showing casinos are among the establishments that are lax in implementing the EO.
“Based on the reports we have been getting, it is the casinos. This is where many violators are being seen,” Limpin said.
She said such gesture can be attributed to the fact that many casino operators in the country are foreigners.
She, however, insisted that casinos and other establishments need to abide by the existing laws of the country.
“They have to follow our laws here in the country. They are foreign-owned so they could be thinking that they are exempted. But they are not,” the anti-smoking advocate added.
Under the EO, smoking is strictly prohibited in centers of youth activity such as playgrounds, basketball courts, schools and other areas frequented by young people.
Likewise, smoking is not allowed in government facilities, modes of transport, malls and other public places.
Establishments, meanwhile, should have designated smoking areas (DSAs) that has a buffer zone wherein minors are not allowed and smoke of cigarettes should not go out from the DSAs.
In a previous interview, Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial said casinos are definitely among the places where smoking is prohibited since these are enclosed public places.
Despite this, the Department of Health said it is satisfied with the implementation of the nationwide smoking ban.
“In fairness, many are really implementing the EO. We can really see that many are following the smoking ban,” she said.
3:17
TNT's Gregg Bell, Dave Boling on Lions coming to Seahawks in Saturday's playoff opener
Motorists reported delays and congestion on the opening day of the Lahaina Bypass Phase 1B-2 on Monday, despite reports from the state Department of Transportation that traffic is “generally flowing well,” through the traffic signals on both the Bypass and Honoapiʻilani Highway.
Transportation officials say average travel times from the southern terminus in Olowalu to to Keawe Street were 12-14 minutes in the northbound direction and 8-9 minutes in the southbound direction (on the bypass). That did not take into account the backlog of motorists that waited in traffic on their approach to the bypass in either direction, with some reporting a commute time of an hour and thirty minutes from Wailuku to Lahaina.
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
Transportation officials attributed delays on the Honoapiʻilani Highway in large part to utility work being done at the southern terminus in Olowalu. That work is estimated to be completed in a week and a half.
Another observed delay is motorists getting used to the new traffic patterns. South bound motorists headed towards Kahului are reminded that they can access the bypass at Hōkiokio Place and Kai Hele Kū Street. The Southern Connector Road will be another option when it opens in mid-May.
Northbound motorists that are headed into Lahaina are reminded that the turn from Keawe Street onto the Honoapiʻilani Highway is now a free right turn, meaning that motorists can turn right at any time, except when pedestrians are present, to continue the drive towards Kāʻanapali.
Crews from the state Highways Division say they will continue to monitor traffic conditions over the next three weeks. On Monday, HDOT crews drove the road in the 8, 10 and 11 o'clock hours as part of the monitoring effort.
Transportation officials say they believe conditions will “continue to improve” when utility work is completed and motorists get used to the adjusted traffic patterns.
ADVERTISEMENT
HDOT is also working to upgrade the traffic signal systems on Maui and is anticipating the Advanced Traffic Management System to be installed on 80 Maui traffic signals by the end of the year.
By Anna Fifield
The chaos at Toshiba, the Japanese corporate giant, deepened Tuesday, with its chairman resigning and the company saying it would book a US$6.3 billion loss related to its U.S. nuclear business.
Analysts are now speculating about the possibility that Toshiba, which employs almost 200,000 people in Japan and has significant investments in the United States, will have to file for bankruptcy.
"This is one of Japan's historic corporations and it's very important to the Japanese economy, so this could be very significant for Japan," said Tom O'Sullivan, a Tokyo-based energy analyst. "It would even impact Japan's sovereign credit rating if there's a knock-on effect."
The news came a day after government statistics showed that the Japanese economy grew by an anemic 0.2 per cent in the three months to December, the third consecutive quarter that growth in the world's third-largest economy had slowed.
Toshiba executives were due to deliver the company's quarterly earnings announcement Tuesday - the deadline for the Tokyo Stock Exchange rule to report earnings within 45 days - but they failed to show up. Instead, the company said that it was "not ready" to make the announcement and asked for another month to file.
The company's shares fell 8 percent in local trading Tuesday.
Then, after the stock market had closed, Toshiba said that it would take a US$6.3b hit related to Westinghouse's acquisition in December of Stone & Webster, a nuclear construction business, from Chicago Bridge & Iron in December.
Continued below.
Related Content McDonald's retro playground for sale on Trade Me Road rage driver's lawyer pleads for leniency as she has 'already been punished' on Twitter Watch NZH Local Focus: Internet speeds an election issue in Morrinsville
Shigenori Shiga, its chairman, would step down Wednesday to take responsibility for the losses, the company said.
"I apologize from the bottom of my heart for causing such major troubles for shareholders and investors," the company's president, Satoshi Tsunakawa, said Tuesday night when announcing the news.
Tsunakawa said Toshiba was considering selling its memory chip business to try to stanch the bleeding at the company. Its market capitalization has already plummeted by US$7b to sit at the end of Tuesday at about US$8b.
Toshiba, which bought a majority stake in Pennsylvania-based nuclear power company Westinghouse in 2006, earlier said that it had received internal information late last month about irregularities during the acquisition. It had learned that controls at Westinghouse had been "insufficient" and that the company had used "inappropriate pressure" to make the acquisition.
"We concluded on Monday afternoon that we need further research on the internal reporting . . . and its impact on financial results," the company said in a statement, adding that its lawyers and an independent auditing firm were still poring over the details.
Japanese media reported that the delay was due to a disagreement between Toshiba's management and its auditors. O'Sullivan, the analyst, said he thought there had probably been a dispute about whether to issue a "going concern" notice, often a precursor to liquidation or bankruptcy.
"My guess is that the auditors wouldn't sign off on the accounts with a going concern order," he said.
The Nikkei business newspaper, which has a record of eerily precise leaks from Japanese companies, had earlier reported that Toshiba would say it faced "material uncertainty" about its prospects for remaining in business.
Toshiba, which makes products as diverse as televisions and nuclear reactors, has had a rocky few years. In 2015, it was discovered to have exaggerated its profits, leading to wide-ranging restructuring and asset sales.
This has compounded huge problems with its international business. The company has been trying to deal with huge cost overruns at its nuclear plants in Georgia and South Carolina. Although it says it will finish building those reactors, its has curtailed expansion plans in Britain and elsewhere.
- Washington Post
Boy, 16, Murdered In Liverpool
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death on Merseyside.
At around 9pm (Tuesday 3rd July), emergency services were called to Belle Vale Road after a report of a 16-year-old boy having been stabbed. He was taken to hospital where he was pronounced deceased around midnight. His next of kin have been informed.
A cordon remians in place while forensic, house-to-house and other enquiries continue.
Officers will remain in the area to provide reassurance to the community and to gather information.
Detective Chief Inspector Bev Hyland said: "We are in the very early stages of our investigation into this tragic incident in which a young life has been taken. We are working to try and establish exactly what happened last night.
"I want to appeal to anyone who saw the incident itself, or anything suspicious in the vicinity of Belle Vale Road, and the park opposite Woodholme Court, to come forward.
"We also want to appeal to anybody who stopped to assist and may not have yet spoken to police, and anyone passing through Belle Vale Road who may have dash-cam footage."
Anyone with information is asked to contact @MerPolHQ, call 101 with reference 1295 or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Cause and effect aren't much of a mystery if you break your leg. In fact it's usually immediately obvious.
Emotional injuries aren't quite so straightforward.
Many people come into therapy expecting, or even fearing, an exercise in talking about the past in detail; conversations focused on childhood memories and past struggles. Yet, in contrast to this most people actually come to therapy because something is going wrong in their life right now.
Perhaps one of the most readily accepted of all Freud's ideas is that of the unconscious: that we can be upset and distressed in ways we don't fully understand, and that certain behaviours may happen without us being clear about why we're acting in such a manner.
Advertisement
Take anger, for example. We're all pretty used to the idea we can be just "taking it out" on others when we're actually upset about something completely different, such as how you get angry when your partner has stacked the dishwasher wrong AGAIN and they look at you and ask, "What's really going on?"
Psychotherapy recognises there is often a difference between the "symptom" and the underlying struggle, conflict, past grief or trauma: that pain and suffering of the past finds echoes of itself in the present. Our emotional life is really just a collection of moments and experiences that can easily be awakened by similar events, even if we're not consciously aware of being reminded.
Of course, if it was that straightforward, we wouldn't need psychotherapy. As it happens, however, we all need a helping hand to see these patterns, these repetitions, that are beyond just needing to change our automatic thoughts, or simply learning to meditate.
In fact, for some people in overwhelming situations - stress, grief or trauma - these tools can be very useful, in fact they may be enough on their own. The distress isn't a symptom, it's just the present that is causing the problems.
But when we run headlong into a deeper pain - the echoes of the past - then symptoms that are harder to understand show up, overwhelming anxiety, obsessions, compulsions, addiction, the unrelenting bleakness of depression.
One of the objections I've always had to the "take these pills, and come back in two weeks" approach, is that it provides no meaning. Don't get me wrong medication has it's place, and I happily recommend it, but when it is the first - or only - treatment offered, it helps us understand nothing about why.
Because ultimately we're all writing a story, every day of our life, with ourselves at the centre. Therapy helps us re-write that story, beginning, middle and to be left more in charge of the ending.
And just like any story, we don't start a novel in the middle, nothing would make sense. We start at the beginning.
NEW YORK (AP) — The stock market has finally found something to fear.
For more than a year, investors have brushed off bombastic talk about nuclear war, dysfunction on Capitol Hill and other worrisome situations. The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500 glided to record after record, with few hiccups.
This week, the calm cracked. The stock market finally got spooked by an ongoing sell-off in bonds. As bond prices fall, their yields go up, a signal of rising interest rates. Low interest rates have been an underpinning of the current bull market in stocks, now in its ninth year.
On Friday, the rate on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to a four-year high. The Dow and S&P 500 each lost around 4 percent, their worst week since January 2016. On Friday, the Dow dropped 665 points, or 2.5 percent. Some earnings-related selling in big names such as Apple and Exxon Mobil added to the swoon.
Advertisement
Some investors believe the market can recover, noting that both global economic growth and corporate earnings remain strong. One hallmark of this bull market has been investors' willingness to buy the dips. This week's drop could test their resolve.
Since the Great Recession, ultra-low interest rates have made it easier for businesses and companies to borrow. They also have pushed investors into buying stocks by minimizing the interest payments from bonds.
Rates were due to rise, and investors cast a wary eye on the 10-year Treasury as it rose earlier this year. Those concerns hit a high point on Friday after a U.S. government report said wages last month rose at the fastest pace in eight years.
Bigger paychecks are a welcome sight for workers, but can also signal that inflation is about to pick up across the economy. Inflation has been relatively dormant since the recession. This week, the Federal Reserve said it expects inflation to finally pick up this year.
The Fed could raise interest rates more quickly than investors are prepared for if inflation accelerates at too fast a pace. That could further upset markets, which have seen an unusual lack of volatility for more than a year. After Friday's jobs report, some economists raised their forecast for Fed rate increases this year to four from three.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury climbed to 2.84 percent Friday from 2.79 percent late Thursday and from 2.41 percent at the start of the year. It's at its highest level since 2014.
"We are rapidly approaching the point at which low rates will no longer provide support to the equity market," said Eric Winograd, senior U.S. economist at AllianceBernstein.
Those concerns echoed worldwide. Other markets around the world were similarly weak as interest rates climbed. The German DAX index lost 4.2 percent over the week, and South Korea's Kospi index lost 1.9 percent.
Investors have cited low interest rates are one reason they've continued to buy stocks, even as prices rose faster than corporate earnings. By that measure, the price-earnings ratio, the S&P 500 is close to the most expensive it's been in many years, adjusted for inflation.
Higher interest rates tend to make investors less willing to pay high price-earnings ratios. Hence all the focus on exactly how many times the Fed will raise rates this year.
Still, many fund managers and analysts say they're optimistic stocks can keep rising, even if interest rates continue to climb. As long as inflation doesn't spike out of control, stocks can rise if earnings continue to grow.
Many analysts expect earnings to keep growing because of the strength in the global economy. Few economists see a recession striking anytime soon.
The strengthening economy is translating into not only stronger profits for companies but also better sales, something that investors have been keen to see. Roughly half the companies in the S&P 500 have given updates on their performance for the last three months of 2017, and 79 percent of them have reported stronger revenue for the quarter than analysts expected, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. That compares with 67 percent a quarter earlier.
What makes this past week's market drop particularly noticeable for investors is how rare a decline has been for stocks. Before Friday, the last time the S&P 500 index fell 2 percent in a day was in September 2016.
But historically, pullbacks for stocks are normal, and investors shouldn't be surprised if stocks drop by 5 percent or even 10 percent before they begin rising again.
The S&P 500 still has not experienced a decline of 5 percent in roughly 400 trading days, even after this past week's 3.9 percent drop. That's a record number of days. Going back to 1929, the average was 92 days, according to Goldman Sachs.
Or, as Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, said: "Markets go up and down, not just up."
Okanagan Gymnastics Cente athletes compete in Las Vegas and Edmonton
The acrobatic gymnastics teams from the Okanagan Gymnastics Centre turned in some strong results in their first two competitions of the season.
The following are results for OGC athletes:
• Las Vegas, Vegas Acro Cup
This is an international event which hosted teams from the USA, Canada, Puerto Rico, Japan, Wales, Brazil, Great Britian, Poland, Mexico and Australia, from Feb. 22 to 25.
The Senior Men's Pair of Jackson Peters and Jacob Wong brought home a gold medal.
The 11-16 woman's pair of Ava Clark and Sara Ross made it to finals and finished strong in 9th place.
OGC's 11-16 woman's group of Brie-Lynn Sargeant, Shelbi Jardine and Charli Hall were 9th in their flight and 18th overall.
The Level 8, 15+ woman's group of Natalia Johnson, Alivia Brown and Kristen Riopel finished in 8th place.
• Edmonton, Strathcona Gym Challenge
Taylor Sutton and Cheyanna Wolff won bronze in Level 7 womans pair.
Maddilyn Dalkeith, Maddyson Kempf and Emma Gervais competed as a Level 6 womans group and came in fifth overall.
The Level 8 womans group of Natalia Johnson, Alivia Brown and Kristen Riopel won gold.
The 11-16 woman's group of Brie-Lynn Sargeant, Shelbi Jardine and Charli Hall finished with a strong silver medal.
Ava Clark and Sara Ross competed in the 11-16 woman's pair category and won another gold medal.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Cricket chiefs have identified emerging domestic Twenty20 leagues as the biggest targets for corruption, in the wake of TV station Al Jazeera's match-fixing claims.
Kolkata Knight Rider batsman Dinesh Karthik plays a shot during an IPL 2018 cricket match against Rajasthan Royals at Sawai Mansingh Stadium. Source: Associated Press
The International Cricket Council (ICC) is to meet with Al Jazeera bosses in a bid to investigate fully following the Middle East-based station's program Cricket's Match-Fixers.
The documentary focused on the activities of an India-based criminal syndicate member and his methods to fix the results of some matches and passages of play in others.
Australia captain Tim Paine and England captain Joe Root have both rubbished Al Jazeera's claims that relate to their teams.
England's Chennai Test against India in December 2016 and Australia's match against India in Ranchi last year were both cited in the documentary.
Chief executive David Richardson has vowed the ICC will fully investigate Al Jazeera's claims, while admitting that new domestic competitions can be at risk of match-fixing.
Asked if new domestic competitions offer the greatest risk of corruption, Richardson replied: "I think those leagues do provide an additional opportunity for the people that want to get involved and try and fix.
"So what we need to make sure is that anyone stage a T20 domestic tournament, especially televised, that they have in place minimum standards for dealing with the problem.
"To make sure they have an anti-corruption code in place that is applicable to the tournament, that all the players are educated, and that we are monitoring the franchise owners, the people involved in the tournament, doing due diligence."
Richardson insisted tournaments staged in countries without full ICC membership will need to improve their anti-corruption logistics.
Asked if the ICC has enough resources to cope, Richardson said: "Well, not necessarily at ICC, but certainly in conjunction with our members.
"So it's going to be a case in the future that before any approval is given for these types of tournaments that happen outside the full members, they've got to show that they've either got the ICC involved in setting up an anti-corruption unit, or the tournament doesn't take place.
FILE - In this March 2, 2014 file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at the Oscars in Los Angeles. Weinstein is taking a leave of absence from his own company after The New York Times released a report alleging decades of sexual harassment against women, including employees and actress Ashley Judd. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File)
FILE - In this Nov. 8, 2013, file photo, movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, left, Oscar-winning actress Whoopie Goldberg, second from right, and actress Blake Lively, right, listen to then-first lady Michelle Obama as she speaks in the East Room of the White House in Washington, at a workshop for high school students about careers in film. Congressional Democrats are starting to give charities thousands of dollars that Weinstein contributed to them over the years. The nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics says Weinstein has donated more than $1.4 million since the 1992 election cycle. Nearly all has gone to Democrats and their allies.
Associated Press
Congressional Democrats — Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and potential 2020 presidential contender Elizabeth Warren among them — are starting to give charities thousands of dollars in donations they had received from the disgraced Hollywood titan Harvey Weinstein.
Weinstein and his family have given more than $1.4 million in political contributions since the 1992 election cycle, nearly all of it to Democratic lawmakers, candidates and their allies, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
The party's effort to separate itself from the 65-year-old film executive came after The New York Times reported that he has settled sexual harassment lawsuits with at least eight women.
Weinstein's contributions are tiny compared to the biggest political donors, not even placing him among the top 100 funders. But he's been a fixture among Democratic supporters for decades, making the revelations especially embarrassing for a party that touts itself as pushing progressive policies for women.
The biggest recipients of Weinstein's largesse were the Democratic National Committee, the party's senatorial and House campaign committees, and Hillary Clinton, the party's 2016 presidential candidate and former senator, the Center's data showed.
The GOP jumped on the episode, happy to force Democrats to return the funds or associate themselves with Weinstein.
"Returning this dirty money should be a no-brainer," said Republican Party Chair Ronna McDaniel.
Schumer, D-N.Y., is donating thousands of dollars to several charities supporting women, said spokesman Matt House.
Warren spokeswoman Kristen Orthman said the senator is giving $5,000 to Casa Myrna, Boston's largest provider of services to domestic violence victims.
Another possible presidential contender, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., will not accept any future Weinstein contributions, said senior adviser Glen Caplin. He said Gillibrand will donate $11,800 to RAINN, an organization that helps survivors of sexual violence.
"Kirsten invites the right-wing activists using this terrible story as a political tool to join her in actually working to combat sexual assault and sexual harassment in our society," Caplin said.
Other Democratic recipients of Weinstein contributions who say they're donating to charitable groups include Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey — another possible presidential hopeful — as well as Sens. Al Franken of Minnesota, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut.
Demands to return campaign dollars are a staple of Washington politics practiced by both parties.
Republicans pressured Democratic candidates in 2011 to return donations from former Rep. Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., who had resigned when his lewd online behavior became public.
Democrats did the same after former House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., was sentenced to prison last year in a hush-money case that stemmed from decades-old sexual abuse during his years as a wrestling coach.
The report on Weinstein came almost exactly a year after the election-campaign release of audio from 2005 in which now-President Donald Trump made offensive, lewd comments about women.
___
Associated Press writer Kevin Freking contributed to this report.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Ceramic Ball Valve Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143456/request-sample
Ceramic Ball Valve market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Ceramic Ball Valve Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Ceramic Ball Valve industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Ceramic Ball Valve Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Ceramic Ball Valve market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-ceramic-ball-valve-market-professional-survey-report-143456.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Ceramic Ball Valve market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Ceramic Ball Valve market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Ceramic Ball Valve industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Ceramic Ball Valve market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
LOCATED within the Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park, the Divilacan watershed in the forest-rich province of Isabela is one of the 29 priority sites in the national government's Sustainable Integrated Area Development (SIAD) program.
Implemented by the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR), SIAD is a strategy that aims to rehabilitate through enrichment planting and reforestation of idle and open areas and to safeguard and preserve the natural tropical forests of the watershed while improving the quality of life of people in the affected area.
According to the DENR, the Divilacan watershed where the Dumagat or Agta dwell consists of several sub-watersheds located at the middle section and upper portion of Divilacan town in Isabela province.
Lawyer Gil Aromin, DENR Region 2 director, said the site where the Divilacan Agroforestry and Bamboo Plantation Project (DABPP) will be implemented has an aggregate area of 12,045 hectares.
The DABPP employs the “ridge to reef” concept considering that water from the watershed flows down to the sea.
Aromin said the area covers six barangay (villages) and basin length of approximately 12,500 meters and “we are deploying some 27 forest protection guards for these villages.”
Also within the site, a 100-hectare area in Ditarum village in Divilacan will be developed for the Enhanced National Greening Program.
According to the Dumagat, the area where the project is located is known to have three species of makabuhay used to treat stomach­ ache and dysmenorrhea.
Tsaang gubat (forest tea) also thrives in the area.
In a recent interview over Bombo Radyo in Tuguegarao City, Aromin said the Divilacan watershed is home to endemic plants, abundant rattan and nito for handicraft making.
He added that these livelihood opportunities–particularly for the Dumagat tribe who are the indigenous people of Divilacan–were considered in selecting the site.
“While the Dumagat are there to plant trees, we also capacitate them to provide livelihood for them,” Aromin said.
The SIAD project will be managed by the Asosasyon ng Nagmamalasakit ng Kalikasan (Anak) and Divilacan Agta Rattan Gatherers Association (Daragat) in collaboration with the municipal government of Divilacan, the National Commission on Indigenous Peoples and the Department of Trade and Industry.
Adopted as a development strategy under DENR Administrative Order 2017-02 by then-Environment Secretary
Regina Lopez on February 15, 2017, the SIAD strategy also aims to apply area-based interventions, concepts on its natural resources development program including but not limited to national greening program and integrated island development, among others.
It takes into consideration marginalized civil society organization (CSO) sectors including but not limited to indigenous peoples (IPs), urban poor, farmers and fisherfolk, Muslim Filipinos, rebel returnees, the youth, vocational work force and men and women stakeholders.
Using SIAD as a strategy for the project, the DENR envisions the sustainable multiple uses of the natural resources within the watershed in a manner that is environmentally sound, economically viable and socially acceptable.
The SIAD priority sites in Luzon are Laur (Nueva Ecija), Kaliwa Watershed (Sierra Madre), Cagayan ( Sierra Madre), Nueva Ecija (Sierra Madre), Batangas Coastline and Verde Passage, Laguna Lake, Zambales, Palawan, Sibuyan Island, Mindoro, Sorsogon, Chico River (Cordillera Administrative Region) and Mount Pulag (CAR).
In the Visayas, the sites are Guimaras Island, Antique, Iloilo, Bohol, Cebu and Samar.
The sites in Mindanao are Sarangani, Cantilan, South Upi, Marilog, Mount Hamiguitan, Talaingod (Davao del Norte), Rajah Buayan, Dinagat Island, Lanao del Sur and Tawi-Tawi.
Additional sites include Camarines Norte, Masbate, Iligan City (Lanao del Norte), Midsayap (North Cotabato), Compostela Valley (Davao del Norte), and Nunungan (also in Lanao del Norte).
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Innovative teaching and learning are just two of the reasons that Birmingham City University is sponsoring the Sales and Marketing Award at this year's Birmingham Post Business Awards.
The university prides itself on successfully combining these skills with sector-leading student support and effective partnerships with some of the country's leading employers.
And it is continuing support the business community by once again backing the Birmingham Post Business Awards.
Companies have until Friday July 13 to enter with a chance to win one of 15 categories, which also include Company of the Year and New Business of the Year.
The ceremony itself will be held at the ICC on Thursday November 1 and will be hosted by TV funny man Mark Dolan and ITV weather presenter Emma Jesson.
Dr Dawn Albery, Head of Birmingham City Business School at BCU said: “We are focused on creating the business people and marketers of the future, so it made complete sense for us to support this fantastic award.
“In a rapidly changing world facing new and complex challenges every day, we need to instil in our marketers the skills and self-confidence to meet those challenges.
“We're looking forward to seeing the nominations and some of the outstanding work that's going on here in Birmingham where there's such a strong creative spirit.
“This event is a perfect opportunity for us to get together as a city and celebrate our achievements in driving Birmingham forwards.
“There are so many exciting developments in the city at the moment – many of which we as a University are a part – and it's important that the work of businesses of all sizes is recognised in enhancing the profile of Birmingham nationally and internationally.
“It's also tremendous to get the opportunity to support an event which showcases ‘role model' businesses to the wider community.”
Dr Albery told how BCU focuses on practice-led, knowledge-based learning, providing students with access to cutting-edge facilities and real-world experience.
The University and Business School benefit from almost 40 professional accreditations and have a well-established reputation for delivering in-company training, education and executive development programmes.
With over 24,000 students from 80 different countries, BCU is committed to creating the best possible place for students to learn and enjoy university life.
(Image: Birmingham City University)
Sharing insight into their recent investment programme, and plans for the future, Dr Albery said: “Over the course of 2018, the final stage of the University's £260 million investment programme is being completed, with a new Conservatoire for music students at its City Centre Campus and a new teaching block for education, sport and life science courses at the City South Campus.
(Image: Birmingham City University)
“The University is also setting up a new business innovation centre, STEAMhouse, with a range of co-working, artist production, incubation and networking facilities for small and medium-sized businesses in the West Midlands. The first phase of this development is opening this year, with the full building to follow in 2019.”
• For more information about this year's Birmingham Post Business Awards, or to enter, visit: www.bpbusinessawards.co.uk .
• To find out about any sponsorship opportunities or to book a table at the event, please contact Kirsty West at Champions (UK) plc on 01509 85 29 27 or email kwest@championsukplc.com.
Gardaí arrested three men on suspicion of IRA membership after a tip-off from an undercover FBI agent, the Special Criminal Court has heard.
The undercover agent was contacted via the darknet by someone looking for Semtex explosives to be sent to Ireland.
Jonathan Hawthorn (45) of Ballintyre Downs in Ballinteer, James Geraghty (61) of Dolphin House in Dolphin's Barn, and Donal O'Ceallaigh (33) with an address on Beach Road, Sandymount pleaded not guilty to membership of an unlawful organisation styling itself the Irish Republican Army, otherwise Oglaigh na hEireann, otherwise the IRA on September 14th, 2016.
Opening the trial for the prosecution on Wednesday, John Byrne BL told the non-jury three-judge court that in August 2016 an undercover member of the FBI was monitoring activity on the darknet, a part of the internet that allows users to browse anonymously without being spied on by law enforcement.
There are sites on the darknet, such as AlphaBay, that specialise in the sale of illegal material including explosives, counsel said. Through AlphaBay the FBI agent received a message from a user called Meat Cleaver who was looking for Semtex to be delivered to Ireland.
While the prosecution does not say that Meat Cleaver was an identity used by any of the accused men, Mr Byrne said the home of James Geraghty at Dolphin House was identified as the delivery address. The FBI agent alerted gardaí who created a “mock-up package” designed to mimic what had been ordered by Meat Cleaver.
At 11.05am on September 14th, 2016, an undercover garda dressed as a DHL driver delivered the package to Dolphin House where he met and spoke with Jonathan Hawthorn and Donal O'Ceallaigh. Mr Hawthorn signed for the package in the name of James Geraghty.
Gardaí monitored the movements of Mr Hawthorn and Mr O'Ceallaigh and arrested Mr Hawthorn at 11.46am that morning at St James's Hospital. He was carrying a rucksack which contained items that had been placed in the package delivered that morning. Mr O'Ceallaigh was arrested nearby on St James's Street.
Gardaí, using a warrant, searched Mr Geraghty's home and found the package on a couch in the sitting room. Mr Geraghty was arrested a short time later. Mr Byrne said the judges would hear evidence that the men failed to answer questions put to them by gardaí and a chief superintendent will give belief evidence regarding the accused mens' involvement in the IRA on the date in question. The trial continues before Ms Justice Isobel Kennedy presiding with Judge Gerard Griffin and Judge Gerard Haughton.
A second hospital is now investigating the nurse who police allege is linked to the deaths of at least eight babies.
Lucy Letby was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of murdering the babies and attempting to kill another six infants. A further three baby deaths were being investigated.
Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain. Photo / via Facebook
The 28-year-old was a celebrated member of the neonatal unit at the Countess of Chester Hospital where a large number of suspicious deaths of infants occurred.
Police activity at the house of Lucy Letby in Chester, England. Photo / AP
Letby's arrest stunned colleagues because she is regarded as a "champion for children" she cares for — and helped a massive fundraising campaign to build a new $5 million baby unit at the hospital and has repeatedly spoken about her devotion to her profession since she graduated in 2011.
Advertisement
It emerged last night a second hospital was helping police with their inquiries. Ms Letby worked at Liverpool Women's Hospital during her training — and health bosses there are now "co-operating with police" as part of their murder investigation.
A spokeswoman said there was "currently" no suggestion any patient had come to harm during Letby's placement.
A conviction for eight murders would make Letby Britain's worst child killer. She is yet to be charged with any offences.
Officers were searching the three-bedroom unit Letby lives in Chester, in northwest England, 2.5km from the Countess of Chester Hospital.
A forensic tent has been set up at the flat, and at the home of her parents.
Neighbours of Letby told media they were in disbelief someone who was so "dedicated to her job" could be accused of anything like what had been suggested.
One local told the Chester Chronicle they had known her since she was just three years' old and "she was lovely, she always has been".
Another said she had only just returned home after holidaying at Devon with her parents.
Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain. Photo / via Facebook
Others said she kept to herself and didn't know too many people in the area.
Letby — who has two cats and is registered as living alone at her home — has "liked" UK TV hospital show One Born Every Minute on Facebook.
She is a member of 14 groups relating to helping sick children, including: "Save special care baby units. They need us. One day u might need them."
Several mothers wrote online of their horror that their children were cared for by Letby.
One said her daughter was cared for by her "everyday for seven weeks".
Another recognised her instantly as a nurse who was involved in the care of two of her grandchildren
In an interview with a local newspaper, Letby told why she loved nursing.
"I qualified as a Children's Nurse from The University of Chester in 2011 and have been working on the unit since graduating," she said.
"I also worked on the unit as a student nurse during my three years of training. My role involves caring for a wide range of babies requiring various levels of support.
"Some are here for a few days, others for many months and I enjoy seeing them progress and supporting their families."
Detectives were called to the hospital when a report revealed an alarmingly high number of deaths at the neonatal unit.
Letby's arrest has shocked her colleagues. Photo / Supplied
Staff had noticed a "sudden mottling" on the arms, legs and chests of premature or poorly babies who unexpectedly deteriorated and had to be revived, and noted similar things happening with cases of babies who died.
Police have been working on the case for over a year.
In an announcement in the local paper when she graduated in 2011 with an Honours in child nursing, her parents said: "We are so proud of you after all your hard work. Love Mum and Dad."
The Countess of Chester Hospital in Chester, England, where Lucy Letby worked. Photo / AP
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes of Cheshire Police said: "Since the start of our inquiries and, as the information gathering process has continued, the scope of the investigation has now widened.
"We are now currently investigating the deaths of 17 babies and 15 non-fatal collapses between the period of March 2015 and July 2016.
"Parents of all the babies are continuing to be kept fully updated and are being supported throughout the process by specially trained officers."
A young man who nearly died FOUR times while undergoing gruelling treatment for cancer is now hoping to help others.
At his lowest point, 27-year-old Ricki Watson weighed just seven stone and had to be tube-fed. But now - after a dramatic recovery - grateful Ricki wants to help other people going through a similar experience. “I'm raising money to save the next person like me,” he said.
Rick, from Horsham, was diagnosed with two strains of leukaemia in October 2013 and the only cure was a stem cell transplant. With the help of blood cancer charity Anthony Nolan a donor was found for Ricki, and the transplant took place in January 2014.
Ricki, who co-owns a scaffolding business, said: “When I was in hospital I was the most positive I could be. I nearly died from allergic reactions four times, and was put on a ventilator when my lungs gave up, but I always stayed strong.”
Now he credits his dramatic recovery following his transplant to eating healthily and exercising since he left hospital. “Two years ago I couldn't even walk up the stairs. I had to give up my house and live with my mum in Crawley. I had to stop halfway up climbing the stairs to have a breather.
“I was determined that I wasn't just going to get better, I was going to be even stronger than I used to be.
“As soon as I got out of hospital I was back in the gym. Eight months later I climbed Ben Nevis.”
While in hospital, he made a promise to himself that he would run the London Marathon in memory of two friends he made on the ward who sadly passed away. And he's now set to achieve his goal when the marathon takes place this week.
He has already beaten his £5,000 fundraising target, and is determined to raise as much money as possible for future cancer patients like him.
“Anthony Nolan saved my life,” he said. “There's no other way to say it. I'm raising money to save the next person like me, the next person that walks in. For some reason I've been saved and have been able to get back to normal life.”
Ricki was 23 when he discovered he suffered from two types of leukaemia. “I had a routine blood test at the doctor's and got a call at 1am telling me to come straight to the hospital. When I arrived there was a team of doctors waiting in gowns and masks – it made me wonder what was wrong with me.
“Because I had two different types of leukaemia a stem cell transplant was the only option.”
Although Ricki has two brothers and two sisters, none of them was a suitable match. Anthony Nolan searched the worldwide donor register and found a woman from Germany who matched his tissue type. Although Ricki has not spoken to her directly, the pair have exchanged anonymous cards and letters.
“I sent a card to her last year – I had to let her know that she'd saved me.” He added: “I've never met her but she's changed my life.”
Ricki has many more challenges planned for the year, to keep giving back to the charities and people who helped him. For now, though, he is concentrating on getting to the finish line in the Virgin Money London Marathon on Sunday, and is aiming for a time of less than four hours.
Anthony Nolan spokeswoman Kirsty Low said: “Ricki has made an amazing recovery, and we are thrilled to have him as one of our lifesaving runners for the London marathon.
“The money and awareness he is raising will help us continue our work of saving and improving the lives of people with blood cancer and blood disorders.”
To sponsor Ricki, visit https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/Ricki-Watson
Mansfield District Council and Nottinghamshire County Council will be responsible for the decapitation of Mansfield's best preserved and treasured area of natural beauty and historical importance.
Quarry Lane Nature Reserve is used by countless members of the community and public to enjoy nature, to walk, run and cycle for health and to exercise their pets. Casual fishermen and children enjoy casting a line in the mill pond. Workers from the area use the reserve to relax and enjoy their precious breaks away from work.
Probably, more importantly, all the local primary schools use the area for formal and informal environmental, wildlife and historical educational sessions, throughout the year. In 2016/2017 Maun Conservation Group alone was involved with the schools and more than 700 children on-site.
The Quarry Lane area of the River Maun has great historical interest to the Mansfield area, numerous mills were built and operated in this small area, using the water to power them. Railways crossed over the river using a number of viaducts, of which only one now remains. The bridge into the quarry from Quarry Lane is a grade two listed structure.
The River Maun in this area has, over recent times, improved in water quality to the extent that it has a very healthy fish stock which is enjoyed by casual fishermen in the mill pond. It has diverse wildlife and we are very lucky to have a very healthy and growing population of the rare and protected water vole.
Outline planning permission has been applied for to build 200 houses in Gregory Quarry. The building of a new housing estate, in this unused area, is probably not a bad idea. I understand that this development is, to a degree, supported by the mayor and some district councillors. What benefits they gain or see from this, when a huge number of houses are designated to be built in Mansfield, is hard to understand.
The issue though, is not the housing that is to be built but the proposed access for construction traffic and the building of a new road bridge which will carve through the centre of the nature reserve. During construction, I feel it could contaminate the river, and both during and post construction make the nature reserve a far less safe area to pass through and connect through.
These elected individuals and councillors and the council officials usually hide behind planning rules and procedures when they finally give permission for unpopular planning applications. They normally claim that they have to ‘give in' because the cost of going to appeal or even judicial review is too much for the public purse when the planning application is likely to be finally approved anyway.
The planning application, using the proposed access, should be refused for many of the reasons above, and many others, through the normal process. Other accesses could be found without coming off Quarry Lane, there are other options.
But this access route is not dependent on planning applications, it is only dependent on both the district council and the county council, separately, selling their land or allowing the access to be built on and through their land.
These people, elected individuals, are accountable to the electorate. I am sure that if they sell the land or allow its use, the people of Mansfield will remember when the next elections come along. They will remember who cut our nature reserve in half and who caused the contamination of the river and its habitats.
The decapitation of our nature reserve will only be the responsibility of our elected representatives.
Tim Spurry
Mansfield
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
A US appeals court sided with photographer David Slater in a years-long legal saga around a grinning photo of a black monkey that became an internet sensation in 2011.
The monkey, named Naruto, snapped several photos on a camera set up by Slater, prompting the activists from the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) group to file a lawsuit on Naruto's behalf. In it, they demanded the monkey to be declared the real owner of the images.
The three-judge panel in San Francisco, however, ruled that animals cannot sue for copyright infringement.
Court slams PETA
Naruto "lacked statutory standing" for such legal move, they said, as the law reserved that power for humans. The appeals court also said PETA had failed to establish a significant relationship with Naruto and therefore had no grounds to legally present itself as "next friend" of the animal. In the US, the term "next friend" is usually reserved for plaintiffs suing on behalf of people who cannot represent themselves.
"Puzzlingly, while representing to the world that 'animals are not ours to eat, wear, experiment on, use for entertainment, or abuse in any way'," the 9th Circuit court said, "PETA seems to employ Naruto as an unwitting pawn in its ideological goals."
The court also ruled photographer Slater was entitled to be compensated for attorneys' fees in the case.
Going a little wild: when animals have fun A natural play instinct Even savage-looking crocodiles like to play. In 2015, a US researcher observed a crocodile that was playing with an inflatable ball and blowing bubbles in the water. Ravens slide down snow-covered slopes, and deer frolick in mud puddles. Researchers refer to "play" when animals engage in purposeless activities. So it's not just humans who get the urge to act silly every now and again.
Going a little wild: when animals have fun Cheers to that! Cats can now engage in another human activity: drinking. The first wine for them comes from - where else - Japan. "Nyan Nyan Nouveau" is made of catnip and cabernet grapes, but doesn't contain any alcohol. Nyan Nyan is the Japanese equivalent of "meow meow." Feline like a drink?
Going a little wild: when animals have fun Go lions! But the big cats in the South African sanctuary of "lion whisperer" Kevin Richardson don't drink - they're athletes. They could probably beat any of the teams currently competing in Euro 2016 - because Richardson plays soccer with them. Need proof? Check him out "playing football with wild lions" on Youtube.
Going a little wild: when animals have fun A literal doggy paddle It's pretty obvious that this dog is having fun in the pool. Owners who want to get some special playtime in the water for their canines can take them to the central German town of Hanau, where Aquabello - an indoor swimming pool for man's best friend - is located. It boasts three pools so dogs of all sizes can swim around and play.
Going a little wild: when animals have fun Cooling-off Zoo animals often suffer in the summer heat. To make their days more bearable, they can get frozen fruit or vegetables. This chimp is enjoying a popsicle at the zoo in Landau in western Germany. Looking at this ape, chilling with some ice cream in the shade, it's clear that our two species are related.
Going a little wild: when animals have fun Animal enrichment Playing can also be a way to keep animals busy and their minds active. So-called animal enrichment is frequently used in zoos, where boredom can be very harmful. These otters in the Stirlingshire zoo get to pull their food out of a watermelon instead of simply being tossed the fish. What kid doesn't dream of hearing "Please play with your food"?
Going a little wild: when animals have fun Where the fun ends Sea World has announced they'll stop working with orcas, and many German zoos are doing the same. By now it's common knowledge that though it might look like whales and dolphins in big, flashy shows are playing and having fun, they are not. Being kept in small pools is actually tortured for these extremely smart - and naturally wild - animals. Author: Carla Bleiker
Naruto is 'discriminated against'
PETA sued Slater on behalf of Naruto in 2015, claiming he had no right to profit from the monkey's work. After their claim was dismissed, they appealed, but subsequently reached a settlement with Slater in September last year. Under the terms, Slater agreed to donate 25 percent of any future revenue to charities protecting black crested macaques.
In a rare move, the appeals' court refused to accept the lawyers' demand to throw out the case. The judges said a decision in this "developing area of the law" would be useful to guide lower courts in the future.
Commenting on the Monday verdict, PETA's general counsel restated that Naruto "shouldn't be treated any differently from any other creator."
"Denying him the right to sue under the US Copyright Act emphasizes what PETA has argued all along — that he is discriminated against simply because he's a nonhuman animal," Kerr said in a statement.
The attorney added that PETA has not yet decided if it would appeal the latest ruling. At the same time, Kerr said the decision would not affect the settlement.
dj/aw (AFP, AP, Reuters)
TAIPEI: Taiwan said on Tuesday it was reviewing a request for political asylum by a Chinese tourist, reportedly an anti-corruption activist who was previously jailed in the mainland.
The man named Zhang Xiangzhong has been identified by local media and a human rights group as the same person who was part of a movement calling for Chinese government officials to disclose their assets.
Zhang arrived in Taiwan on April 12 but separated from his tour group the next day.
He sought help on Monday from the Taiwan Association for Human Rights in applying for political asylum.
Taiwan's immigration department said Tuesday it had located Zhang and was providing him with temporary accommodation while authorities investigate his case.
Any decision to let Zhang stay could further sour relations between Beijing and Taipei, which has worsened since China-sceptic President Tsai Ing-wen won Taiwan's leadership last year.
“We have to clarify details of his case to make further judgement and conclusions,” said Chiu Chui-cheng of the Mainland Affairs Council, Taiwan's top policymaking body on China.
“He would need to provide sufficient proof, including his involvement with democratic movements and that his life may be endangered if deported back to China,” Chiu, the council's vice-chairman, told Agence France-Presse.
Chui said Chinese could not be granted political asylum but the government would evaluate whether he qualifies for a “long-term stay” permit.
He said authorities still need to verify whether Zhang is the same activist associated with the New Citizens Movement who was jailed for three years by a Beijing court in 2014 on a credit card fraud charge.
Zhang said he was motivated to leave the mainland by the wife of detained Taiwanese rights activist Lee Ming-cheh, according to a Radio Free Asia interview.
In a case that has drawn international scrutiny, Lee Ching-yu pledged she would “rescue” her husband, who is under investigation in China for suspected activities “endangering national security.”
AFP
#PadManChallenge
Yes that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #StandByHer
Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad!
Here I am Challenging @akshaykumar @mrsfunnybones @sonamakapoor @radhika_apte pic.twitter.com/ULJuJmSeZN
— A Muruganantham (@murugaofficial) February 2, 2018
Thank you @mrsfunnybones
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge. Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad. Here I am Challenging @SrBachchan , @iamsrk & @BeingSalmanKhan pic.twitter.com/lY7DEevDmD
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) February 2, 2018
Thank you for tagging me @mrsfunnybones
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge
Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad!
Here I am Challenging @hcmariwala @punitgoenka @RonnieScrewvala pic.twitter.com/dnd9N1R3wk
— Harsh Goenka (@hvgoenka) February 2, 2018
Thank you for tagging me @murugaofficial
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge
Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad!
Here I am Challenging @aamir_khan @AzmiShabana @hvgoenka pic.twitter.com/QXYBwVfYV0
— Twinkle Khanna (@mrsfunnybones) February 2, 2018
Thank you for tagging me @murugaofficial
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge
Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad!
Here I am Challenging @deepikapadukone @imVkohli @aliaa08 pic.twitter.com/KperUmkSGw
— Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) February 2, 2018
Thank you @murugaofficial for the #PadManChallenge ! Yes that's a Pad in my hand & I don't feel weird. It's natural, Period!
Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad!
Here I am Challenging @ReallySwara @Asli_Jacqueline @arjunk26 pic.twitter.com/nk9d7dTu61
— Sonam Kapoor (@sonamakapoor) February 3, 2018
Just hanging around in the gym.. with a pad :) no biggie! Thank you @akshaykumar for the challenge.. I shall challenge my fellow gym-ers @YasminBodyImage @Sophie_Choudry & @impoornapatel #PadManChallenge pic.twitter.com/xHLaSwt39Q
— Alia Bhatt (@aliaa08) February 2, 2018
As the release date of Padman is approaching nearer, the new Padman Challenge has taken the internet with a storm.We told you how celebrities and other netizens are breaking the taboo by taking pictures with a sanitary pad in their hands.We saw Akshay kumar, Radhika Apte, Sonam Kapoor, Aamir Khan, shabana Azmi and Alia Bhatt posting their pictures with a sanitary pad.Now Padmaavat actress Deepika Padukone too has accepeted the challenge and has posted a Boomerang video with a sanitary pad.Take a look:Ayushmann Khurrana too posted this picture:This challenge was given by A. Muruganantham to Akshay Kumar, Sonam Kapoor, Radhika Ape and Twinkle Khanna to break the taboos that surround menstruation.Padman movie starring Akshay Kumar is inspired by real life story of A Muruganantham who revolutionised menstrual hygiene for women in rural areas.Check out other celebrities taking the challenge here:
Though it may be difficult to believe, spring is well and truly on its way if Mother Nature is an accurate barometer.
Signs of spring have been recorded across the UK on the Woodland Trust's Nature's Calendar project.
So far in 2017 the conservation charity has already received sightings of 42 different indicators of spring at more than a thousand locations across the UK.
Recorders in Sussex have logged snowdrops, hazel catkins and even records of song thrush singing.
The Trust has received fewer records than this time last year which is explained by colder temperatures in January 2017 compared to 2016.
The recent weather may slow the advance of spring, but it causes less of a problem than a late cold spell, when many more species may be awake from hibernation or flowering – as happened in 2013.
Judith Garforth, Woodland Trust Citizen Science Officer, said: “Recording signs of the changing seasons on Nature's Calendar is hugely valuable to scientists and researchers who monitor its impact on nature. Although we're seeing signs slightly later this year we expect to see many more signs as it finally begins to warm up.”
By recording spring signs of species found in woodland and other habitats, thousands of people have enabled Nature's Calendar to become a vital survey into how climate change is affecting UK plants and wildlife.
Find out more at naturescalendar.org.uk
Seventy years ago, at the stroke of midnight, August 15th, 1947, Britain's centuries-long dominion over India ceased. The terms of Indian independence were far from ideal – as its bloody aftermath would attest – and were the result of a rushed, highly acrimonious process. But of the numerous complex personalities – and associated egos – involved in the fight for Indian independence, it is the figure of Gandhi, the “Father of the Nation”, that continues to loom largest.
Since his death at the hands of Hindu fundamentalists in January 1948, countless books, documentaries and films have attempted to portray the life of the Mahatma (which, by the way, means “Great Soul”; his given name was Mohandas); likewise, his writings, the published versions of which run to more than 100 volumes, have been the subject of much cultural, social, political and spiritual commentary. Yet, despite an extremely well-documented life, little has succeeded in dispelling the myth surrounding a man who remains, in the words of one biographer, “as much an enigma as a person of endless fascination”.
This is, perhaps ironically, most true of his autobiography, The Story of My Experiments with Truth. Regarded by some as “one of the great autobiographies of modern times” and the most widely-read of his voluminous literary output, the autobiography spans Gandhi's childhood on the Kathiawar Peninsula in Gujarat, his three years studying for the bar in London and two decades dedicated to the cause of Indian civil rights in South Africa, terminating in 1921. Originally published in weekly installments in both his native Gujarati and English, the text is structured around Gandhi's “experiments with Truth”, a series of “spiritual, or rather moral” tests – including non-violence, celibacy and vegetarianism – through which he endeavoured to achieve self-realisation and liberation from the cycle of reincarnation.
Though usually luring readers with promises of “warts and all” access to its subject, autobiography has always been an act of self-creation, and hence one of self-censorship. Attempts to reconcile the opposing agendas of “I the narrator” and “I the subject” are seldom successful as the necessity for positive self-representation trumps all other concerns. Surely it isn't so with the saintly Gandhi, I hear you cry! I'm quite glad to say it is; contemporary social-media users could learn a lot about shameless self-promotion from Gandhi! The title of his autobiography illustrates not only how his “experiments” shaped his identity, but also how this identity was self-created. The myth of Gandhi was, initially at least, created by Gandhi.
While Gandhi tells the reader he won't “conceal or understate any ugly things that must be told”, it's quickly evident that his honesty is firmly yoked to the service of identity-construction and self-promotion. Gandhi doesn't show the reader who he is; he tells them. During the course of the text, he identifies himself with more than 50 social roles; on the first page alone, he asserts himself as public worker, prisoner, intellectual, writer, spiritual being and social reformer. Generally, these roles can be apportioned to the private or public domain, with the former including familial roles –son, brother, husband, lover and father – along with more unorthodox domestic roles. For example, he acted as medical adviser, nurse and, on one occasion midwife, to his pregnant wife, and took sole care of his baby sons for the first two months of their lives, modestly contending “My children would not have enjoyed the general health that they do today, had I not studied the subject and turned my knowledge to account”. He learned to bake bread, to cut his own hair and to cobble. He also “became an expert washerman”. Gandhi does not merely learn new skills; he becomes a professional exponent of them.
His awareness of this process of identity-creation – and its steely purposefulness – is at times tantalisingly glimpsed. It is little known that he was a confirmed Anglophile for much of his life, and “vied with Englishmen in loyalty to the throne”. During his three-year sojourn in London, he undertook numerous experiments in “playing the English Gentleman”. He took elocution, French and dancing lessons; he donned “a chimney-pot hat costing nineteen shillings”, spent “ten pounds on an evening suit made in Bond Street”, learnt the art of tying a tie, and “wasted ten minutes every day before a huge mirror, watching myself arranging my tie and parting my hair in the correct fashion”, all in order to “look the thing”. This early correspondence between Gandhi's sartorial transformations and identity-creation is hard to miss.
At times, Gandhi's honesty appears laudable. Married at age 13, he admits he was “devoted to the passions that flesh is heir to”. His “carnal appetite”, however, caused him to neglect the education of his illiterate bride, Kasturba: “I was very anxious to teach her but lustful love left me no time”. Similarly, knowing his ill father's death was imminent, Gandhi nonetheless left his bedside to go to his wife, “blinded” as he was by “animal passion”; his father died moments after he left. These transgressions affected him deeply, resulting in his later vow of celibacy – against the wishes of his wife, it must be said. Indeed, Gandhi's sexual identity – and attitude towards women more broadly – has proven the most troublesome, though recent salacious accounts of his experiments with celibacy – which allegedly involved lying naked with young women to test his resolve – have barely tarnished his halo. The world continues to applaud his saintliness, somewhat at the expense of his humanity.
Judith Brown, one of Gandhi's most well-respected biographers, refers to him as “an enigmatic figure, both irritating and attractive”. And yes, Gandhi is irritating! The first time I read his autobiography, I found myself frequently holding the book at arm's length, physically squirming at his sanctimonious smugness, his shameless self-promotion, his re-writing of past selves to suit present needs. But who, in our selfie-obsessed culture, can't identify with this desire to present the best image of oneself?
Einstein famously said of Gandhi: “Generations to come will scarce believe that such a one as this ever in flesh and blood walked upon this earth”. But how much better to know that he did, and that, were he around today, he might just be walking this earth with selfie-stick in hand.
Clara Neary lectures in English at the University of Chester. She is from Co Roscommon
Katch Me, the newest and hottest online women's clothing store is pleased to present their latest range of fashion clothing. This budding fashion retailers offer eye-catching and head-turning outfits which are a must-have in every wardrobe. The collection is inspired by none other than the star studded fashion weeks, social media and the celebrity styling. For those who want to explore the fashion styles for any or every occasion, this is the right place to be. Be it fashionable work wear or cute dresses, party night dresses or summer clothing; one will not go empty-handed from this store.
Rise to the Occasion with the exclusive collection of party dresses, prom dresses, evening dresses and bodycon dresses available in beautiful patterns and exquisite silhouettes. The store features the perfect outfits for those who want to feel like being the hottest version of themselves. All those busy girls can cover up cute and can jump right into the jumpsuits and playsuits because morning dressing just got a lot easier. The store offers every reason for the wardrobes to be upgraded and why not because it is not just fashion clothing but cheap clothing too. Each and every piece is inspired by the latest fashion trends and the divas flaunting them in style. Katch Me is a store for people who want to make a trend and not follow a trend. It is a store for women who want a personal yet diversified look.
To browse through the extensive range of women's clothes, party dresses, prom dresses, bodycon dresses, evening dresses, crop tops and a wide range of cheap clothes visit https://www.katchme.com/
About Katch Me:
Katch Me, https://www.katchme.com/ based at Manchester, UK is an online fashion store for women. The store offers trendy clothing for women, which includes dresses, tops, bottom wear, outer wear and more.
Contact:
Chloe
Company: Katch Me Limited
Address: Westerdale House, Harthill Street, Manchester, M88AG, UK
Email: social@katchme.com
Website: https://www.katchme.com/
Happy New Year!
The southeast breeze that quickly warmed our temperatures above the norm to kick off 2017 will hold steady through tonight. This will translate to coastal clouds with an isolated shower or two and mild overnight temps back in the low to mid 70s.
Patchy fog is also possible over the inland areas where clearer skies will prevail through Monday morning.
As we start off the first week of 2017, the weather will feel more like throwback to more summer-like heat.
Expect humidity to rise as winds calm down and daytime highs peak in the mid 80s through Wednesday. This will be ahead of the next cold front to swing through the Sunshine State.
Models are suggesting this next system will leave us on the cooler side by the start of next weekend.
While this could change the closer we get to Friday, overnight lows look to be slipping back into the 50s starting Friday morning. We just have to wait and see if this holds.
Copyright 2016 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Palak's Picture
Palak had shared a close-up picture of herself and her lips looked little plump. While many adored her beauty, a few accused her of going under the knife.
Palak Accused Of Getting A Lip Job Done
One of the users (@serii.sh ) on Instagram wrote, "Botox lips." - (sic) Instead of maintaining silence, Palak decided to give it back to the hater with a befitting reply.
Shweta Tiwari's Daughter Gives A Befitting Reply
She wrote, "@serii.sh I'm only 17, and not somebody who's a supporter of changing myself based on what the world May or May not like. So no Ma'am, that's a false accusation." - (sic)
Says It's A False Accusation
"And it's because of such accusations that going under the knife is considered a trend, and is ultimately promoted . I'm not for its ma'am. Sorry to disappoint you, have good night and best wishes :)" - (sic)
Like Mother, Like Daughter
Going by the pictures on her Instagram account, we must say that Palak has definitely got the best looks from her mother, Shweta Tiwari. We will have to wait and watch to know about her acting skills!
Other Actress Who Were Accused Of Going Under The Knife: Mouni Roy
The drastic change in Mouni Roy's look in Naagin 2 made people speculate that the actress has gone under the knife to enhance her looks. There were reports that the actress had gone under the knife to make her lips look fuller. But the actress denied the reports.
Aashka Goradia
There were reports that Naagin 2 actress Aashka Goradia had got her lip job done. But the actress denied the reports. She was quoted by DNA as saying, "If I ever have the need to do it (lip-job), I will not shy away from that because I will pay for it. Besides all this, answer is no."
Gauhar Khan
Television actress and Bigg Boss 7 winner, Gauhar Khan had got her lips augmented. But lip augmentation surgery went awfully wrong. She had even confirmed about the incident.
Sara Khan
There were also reports that the ex-Bigg Boss contestant, Sara Khan has undergone surgery for most of her facial parts. But the actress refuted the reports.
Shama Sikander
Ye Meri Life Hai actress, Shama Sikander drastic transformation shocked everyone. According to report, Shama had visited the plastic surgeon's clinic to transform herself from a simpleton to fashionista. The actress never talked about her surgeries and had said that she changed herself through heavy workout and meditation!
ZAMBOANGA CITY: Soldiers arrested a senior communist New People's Army (NPA) rebel leader who was wounded in a clash on Monday in Sarangani province.
Major Ezra Balagtey, of the Philippine Army's Eastern Mindanao Command, said the troops cornered Pablito Torno in Barangay Amsipit, Maasim town near the encounter site.
Members of the 27th Infantry Battalion (27IB) under Colonel Jones Otida immediately gave Torno first aid treatment before bringing him to a hospital in General Santos City where is now heavily guarded.
Balagtey said the troops also recovered three M16 automatic rifles, one rifle grenade, one fragmentation grenade, three handheld radios and eight backpacks containing anti-government propaganda.
There was no immediate statement from the rebel group on Torno's capture. This occurred while the government is preparing to resume the stalled peace talks with rebels after President Rodrigo Duterte cancelled all peace negotiations following the spate of attacks on soldiers, policemen and even civilians in Mindanao.
Just last week, Army soldiers also killed communist rebel leader Julito Pueblas, alias Taghoy, and a 15-year old insurgent and captured female fighter Jessa Lumana after a clash in Santa Cruz, Davao del Sur.
Pueblas was a battle-hardened NPA commander responsible for attacks on police and military forces in the Davao region, inclu­ding Davao City.
The fighting erupted after soldiers from the 2nd Scout Ranger Battalion and the 39IB tracked down the rebels and assaulted their lair in remote Barangay Astorga. The troops also recovered a cache of weapons and improvised explosives the insurgents left behind in the town where the military operation is still ongoing.
IGA stores might not have a future if the Government starts to target the way supplier Metcash behaves.
IGA stores might not have a future if the Government starts to target the way supplier Metcash behaves.
THE future of your local IGA has just got a lot more cloudy. The Government has signalled it will crack down on the struggling supermarket system even as it loses market share to Aldi, Coles and Woolworths.
Before we see why your IGA could be in strife, we need to look at how IGAs work.
You probably know the in IGA stands for independent. What you might not know is that almost all IGAs depend on a big grocery wholesaler called Metcash. Metcash supplies them with the groceries they sell (except in Tasmania, it's different down there). But Metcash is now in the Government's sights, and that could squeeze the local IGA.
Metcash always seems to be a few years behind the big two supermarkets. You might remember a few years back Coles and Woolworths got in big trouble for the way they were treating their suppliers.
There was a ruckus and a Grocery Code of Conduct was set up to prevent it from happening again. The Grocery Code is a weird law - you have to agree to be part of it, but once you agree, it applies like any law. Aldi, Coles, Woolies all agreed to abide by the system and it has apparently made a positive difference. Their suppliers are happier now.
But Metcash opted out of the Grocery Code. And now the Government is after them. It commissioned a review on how the Grocery Code is working, and the draft report singles out Metcash for its behaviour towards the farmers and food manufacturers that fill IGA shelves.
"The review received complaints from suppliers concerning the conduct of Metcash, including issues relating to unilateral demands, forensic accounting practices to offsetting amounts owed without the supplier's consent, failure to comply with promotional terms, and requiring payments above reasonable costs to conduct study tours," the draft report says.
"The review identified ongoing issues between the wholesaler and its suppliers. Metcash should become a signatory to the Grocery Code."
The draft report could change, and even then the Government doesn't have to accept the recommendations. But it seems very likely Metcash will soon find itself with its back to the wall.
STRUGGLE TOWN
The narrow aisles of the IGA were once a big part of Australians' grocery shopping lives. But that has changed and IGA is slowly becoming a victim of our enthusiasm for Aldi. Metcash now has around 7 per cent market share and dropping.
Is this end for your local IGA?
The review outlines the problem - Metcash and IGA are behind the times.
"With increased price competition, independent retailers and Metcash have faced a steady decline in their turnover over the past five years. Questions have also been raised about whether its traditional wholesale model remains suitable for adapting to changes in consumer habits," the review says.
ADVANCE FAIRLY
Everyone would agree that Metcash should treat suppliers fairly. But IGAs already struggle to compete on price with the big chains. Forcing Metcash to sign up to the code might make its groceries even pricier, and accelerate the decline of the humble IGA.
So it would be no surprise if Metcash wants to avoid the code. I asked Metcash spokesman Steve Ashe whether Metcash would still be viable if it had to sign up to the code, and if IGAs would have to shut down. He didn't answer those questions directly, but he didn't exactly show enthusiasm for fully signing up to the code.
"Our model is based around partnering and working closely with our suppliers. We believe we already comply with the parts of the Code that relate to us, and would consider signing up to components of the code that do not, lead to an adverse impact on the competitiveness of our independent retailers," he said.
Metcash can try to duck and weave, but the review suggests the Government should just shirt-front them if they do.
"In the event Metcash continues to remain outside of the Grocery Code, the Review recommends that the Government introduce a separate mandatory code of conduct containing the same substantive terms as the current Code (together with any amendments adopted as a consequence of Government accepting recommendations in this Report) with targeted application to Metcash," the review says.
That struck me as a fairly harsh approach, and actually made me wonder how much influence Coles, Woolworths and Aldi might have had on this report. Nevertheless, it seems the Government will soon be on the warpath, and the threat of a mandatory code might be enough to force Metcash to sign up "voluntarily".
CAN'T WE ALL GET ALONG?
Treating your suppliers badly to get cheap prices is the easy way to get cheap prices, but not the only way. Aldi is renowned for having excellent supplier relationships and very low prices, and its market share rose from 7 per cent in 2014-15 to 9 per cent in 2017-18. It goes to show both sides can be happy if you're willing to do things differently.
The question is whether Metcash can do things differently, or if it is stuck in the mud. With Kaufland arriving soon and Costco expanding, competition in the Australian grocery sector is only getting more intense. For IGA to go on and thrive, Metcash and IGA need to shake things up, urgently.
Jason Murphy is an economist, and writes the blog Thomas the Think Engine.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones always had it in his mind to try the 4-3-3 formation which is bearing so much fruit at the moment.
Jones has favoured the diamond or 3-5-2 since taking over at the club, but the last few games have seen him opt for the new style in a bid to get all three strikers, James Collins, Danny Hylton and Harry Cornick into the side.
Our three strikers are in good form and a real threat, so to get three of them on the pitch we had to go to our second shape. Nathan Jones
The Town chief said: “We work on a number of things, there's only slight tweaks from what we do.
“We always have default defensive shape we go to, we go to a back five which we work on and then the one that myself and Paul Hart work closely together, so we have our two shapes, our diamond and our 4-3-3.
“We always knew we could go to this, and we recruit that way.
“Jordan Cook can play in a front three and so can Harry Cornick, so we bought wide attacking strikers if you like.
“Now we eventually want to turn Harry into a real central one, but they're a threat.
“A lot of it has been forced on us in terms of personnel, we thought ‘well, who are the ones who are going to give us certain things?'
“Our three strikers are in good form and a real threat, so to get three of them on the pitch we had to go to our second shape, so we've done that, it's normal.”
It has seen Town create a whole host of goalscoring opportunities at Morecambe and then during Saturday's 3-1 victory over Newport.
Jones continued: “We've been on the front foot, but we create chances in the diamond or whatever shape we play.
“Certain games, we favour the diamond, we like playing the diamond and it's been a very fruitful shape for us.
“But we know we can change and with that front three that's a real threat.
“Then the ones we can bring on for them as well, we've got good players who can play in these positions.”
Striker Hylton was clearly a fan of the different role he has been given, saying: “It was great, we've changed shape a little bit, gone three up front, and it's working.
“It's looked really good the last few games, we've got in some really good goalscoring opportunities, areas and if we're making the right decisions and the right runs, I'm sure we'll score goals.
“We go Collo down the middle, myself on the left or the right and Harry on the left or the right. We've got license to drift, we can stretch it, can come and get the ball, go all over the place really.
“I think he (Jones) just wanted to get all three of us in. Harry is direct and how quick he is, he's a great out ball sometimes, so I think we're seeing the benefits.
“We scored three goals, but we could have had 10.
“Myself, Harry Cornick, Collo, we're getting in those positions and a few times we make the wrong decisions where we get a bit, because we all want to score, we'll take a shot.
“I'm sure that with games we'll gel a little bit more and whoever it is, Elliot (Lee), or Jarvo (Aaron Jarvis) when they come on, we'll start to see the benefits of that.”
Defender Alan Sheehan gave his view on the formation too, adding: “It worked today.
“Different opposition have different tactics, we heard they were set-piece specialists and very direct if you want to say.
“So we had to deal with that and I thought we dealt with that for large amount of the game very well, so the 4-3-3 worked very well today.”
Stephen Peck
Mesa Legend
The Bears of Phoenix College (PC) lumbered into John D. Riggs Stadium looking for a meal. The Thunderbirds would not let themselves be a meal for a hungry Bear squad. The bears have been without a Thunderbird meal since Sept. 3, 2016, when the Thunderbirds went into the Bear cave, (Hogan Field at Hoy Stadium). The last two games when the Bears came to John C. Riggs Stadium, they retreated home to lick their wounds. After the National Anthem played, MCC held a moment of silence for Ben McIvor who lost his life in a bar fight over the summer. Head Coach Ryan Felker said, “Our goal is one week at a time, right now.”
Last season, Thunderbirds won their second game against PC, 58-13. This time it was the same story, different score, 40-10. The Thunderbirds put up 463 yards to the Bears 275 yards. MCC held every category against PC, except fumbles, kickoff returns, and sacks. The Thunderbirds did lose Offensive Lineman #74 Kordell Pillans to a possible MCL injury. According to Pillans, he heard a pop when he sustained his injury. Head Coach Felker said, “That's huge, because he's big-time talent and a great offensive lineman.” Later in the game, another offensive lineman was injured, Mike Young out of Queen Creek. Head Coach Felker said, “He's a great offensive tackle, as well. We gotta figure out what's going on with those two and hopefully get'em put back together.”
Passing yard were 302-183. Rushing yards 161-92. Darius Aguirre, #3, had a spectacular 78-yard punt return. The defense held their own with three interceptions. The T-birds put up six points in the first quarter. It was a touchdown but missed the extra point. Second quarter brought another 14 points to the board for Mesa Community College (MCC). The Thunderbirds talons sunk deep in the bear hide during the first half with the score 20-3. The Bears only put up a field goal in the first half. The Thunderbirds put up another 20 points on the scoreboard in the second half. While PC only put up a touchdown in the fourth quarter. The results from the examination on Kordell Pillans came back as a complete tear of his MCL and has possibly sidelined him for the season.
The NHS are urgently appealing for people with particular blood types to come forward and donate.
READ: Leeds and Sheffield make shortlist to host new Channel 4 base - but Hull fails to make the cut
O negative and B negative stocks are now running low in the NHS due to an increase in demand for certain blood types and a drop off in donations.
The lack of O negative and B negative donors giving blood in the run up to the bank holiday has meant that stocks of these groups could fall below two days.
NHS Blood and Transplant are asking anyone who knows they have these blood types but may have not donated before to give blood now.
There is currently an urgent appeal for more people from the black community to give blood, as well.
NHS Blood and Transplant needs at least 40,000 new black donors to help patients.
Over 7,000 have come forward since an appeal last June, but more are needed to help ease the pressure on blood stocks and make sure people in need receive the best possible blood match.
READ: Weather warning issued for Leeds as hail and thunderstorms look set to strike city
O negative is also the ‘universal' blood group and is often used when a patient's blood type is not known, like in emergency situations.
B negative stocks are low because many patients with serious blood disorders, like sickle cell, need B negative blood. Only two percent of donors are B negative.
O negative and B negative donors can walk in and donate at most of the NHS' fixed site donor centres, without the need to make an appointment, or can call 0300 123 23 23 to ask for a priority appointment.
Mike Stredder, Director of Blood Donation at NHS Blood and Transplant said: “The overall demand for blood is declining year on year. However, the need for specific blood groups such as Ro blood type and O negative are on the increase.
VIDEO: Chapel Allerton bar The Woods suffers 'extensive damage' after fire
“We need an additional 4,000 regular O negative donors to those we have now to consistently provide seriously ill patients with the blood they need. If you know you are O negative or B negative and have never donated before, now is the time to make a difference.
“If you are O or B negative, please call us on 0300 123 23 23 to get a priority appointment or walk in to one of our fixed site donor centres to give blood.”
You can get more information about our Donor Centres by calling the Donor Line on 0300 123 23 23 or visiting www.blood.co.uk
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – Diversified miner Anglo American on Tuesday reported a 4% year-on-year increase in total production on a copper equivalent basis in the first quarter ended March.
The company had a “solid start to 2018”, despite the suspension of operations at the Minas-Rio mine, in Brazil, CEO Mark Cutifani said.
Advertisement
Anglo reported higher diamond, copper, platinum, palladium, iron-ore and metallurgical coal production, but said thermal coal and nickel output decreased.
Total thermal coal production fell by 23% to 11.95-million tonnes, with export production from South Africa dropping by 9% to 4.3-million tonnes in the quarter, despite productivity improvements at the Zibulo and Greenside collieries, owing to lower volumes at Goedehoop, with challenging geology in its remaining mining sections.
Advertisement
Thermal coal export production in Colombia decreased by 12% year-on-year to 2.4-million tonnes, while export production in Australia is down 56% year-on-year to 208 700 t.
Domestic thermal coal production in South Africa decreased by 34% to 4.97-million tonnes, primarily owing to the completion of the sale of State-owned Eskom-tied operations, including New Vaal, New Denmark and Kriel, to Seriti Coal, last month.
Domestic, non-Eskom production increased by 41% to 1.3-million tonnes.
Anglo produces metallurgical coal in Australia and increased production by 6% to 5.5-million tonnes, owing to continuing strong performance at the Moranbah mine and the ramp-up of the Grosvenor mine.
Rough diamond production at De Beers, which is 85% owed by Anglo, increased by 15% year-on-year to 8.5-million carats, reflecting a ramp-up in production in response to sustained healthy trading conditions and the inclusion of production from Gahcho Kué, in Canada.
De Beers Consolidated Mines' production, in South Africa, was in line with the first quarter of 2017 at 1.1-million carats.
Debswana production increased by 12% to 5.8-million carats, with the Orapa mine delivering a 26% production gain to 2.8-million carats.
Namdeb's production increased by 12% to 528 000 ct as a result of accessing consistently higher grades at the land-based operations.
Copper production, meanwhile, increased to 154 900 t, with strong operational performances at Los Bronces and Collahuasi, in Chile. Production from Los Bronces increased by 12% to 85 000 t, owing to a combination of strong mine and plant performance and an increase in ore grade. At Collahuasi attributable production increased by 5% to 60 600 t, underpinned by initiatives to improve plant performance, while production at El Soldado increased by 2% to 9 300 t.
Nickel production decreased by 13% year-on-year to 8 600 t, as a result of a planned 40-day stoppage to replace the rotary kilns refractories. The Barro Alto mine produced 6 500 t and the Codemin mine the balance.
The iron-ore segment delivered higher production from the South African operations, through Anglo's JSE-listed subsidiary, Kumba Iron Ore, but a pipeline leakage at Minas-Rio negatively impacted on production from the Brazil operation.
Kumba increased production by 4% to 10.9-million tonnes. Output from Sishen decreased by 5% to 7.3-million tonnes, while Kolomela's production jumped 26% to 3.5-million tonnes.
Minas-Rio's output fell by 30% to 3-million tonnes, which Anglo attributes to the suspension of operations from March 12 and the planned progression into harder ore. The suspension of operations at Minas-Rio has resulted in Anglo slashing its full-year guidance of 13-million tonnes to 15-million tonnes to 3-million tonnes.
Anglo's platinum and palladium production in South Africa increased. The company reported a 7% increase in platinum production to 613 800 oz and palladium production increased by 9% to 407 400 oz, owing to improved operational performances across the portfolio.
BEIJING: China's economy grew 6.9 percent in the first quarter of 2017, government data showed Monday, beating expectations in the latest sign of stabilisation for the world's second-largest economy.
Beijing has said it wants to transition away from a reliance on debt-fuelled investment and towards a consumer-driven economic model, but the transition has proved bumpy.
The economy grew at just 6.7 percent in 2016, its slowest rate in a quarter of a century.
“For the first time in the recent years, China starts a year with a strong headline GDP,” Raymond Yeung of Australia & New Zealand Banking Group told Bloomberg News.
“Thanks to strong investment and property, the economy is performing well.”
The reading Monday marked the second quarterly improvement since the final three months of 2014.
It was better than the median analyst expectation of 6.8 percent in an AFP poll, and also up on the fourth quarter figure.
“The national economy in the first quarter has maintained the momentum of steady and sound development,” the
National Bureau of Statistics said in a statement.
It added that “positive changes kept emerging and major indicators performed better than expected”.
Monday's data also showed China's industrial output growth rose to 7.6 percent year-on-year in March, beating a Bloomberg estimate of 6.3 percent.
Retail spending rebounded to a forecast-beating 10.9 percent, while fixed-asset investment rose 9.2 percent in the first three months of the year, representing a slight acceleration from February.
The readings follow data showing robust foreign trade and a further expansion in factory activity driven by a pickup in production and demand last month.
‘Same old' growth model
The faster growth rate was driven by a pick-up in industry and construction, Brian Jackson of IHS Global Insight said in a note, adding that “mining, manufacturing and utilities growth all accelerated”, while the services sector slowed.
But the return to stimulus spending and infrastructure to drive the economy shows Beijing has reverted to “the same old” investment-driven growth model, Raymond Yeung and David Qu of ANZ Research wrote in a note.
They said the government's announcement last month that it would build a vast new economic zone in the relatively unprosperous area of Xiong'an shows authorities have a “tendency to rely on infrastructure development to sustain growth”.
News of the Xiong'an zone, which is expected to eventually cover a vast area of some 2,000 square kilometres, set off a flurry of speculative real-estate purchases in the area, which has been struggling economically.
Cheap credit has meanwhile bolstered the construction sector since last year, attracting savers and speculators who have fuelled housing prices in large cities and accelerated manufacturing activity.
But looking ahead, China's growth momentum is not expected to last through the whole year, Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics said in a note.
“Our own measure of economic activity also points to a strong start to 2017, though we don't expect the strength to be sustained,” he said.
“With the acceleration in credit growth that helped drive the recent recovery now being reversed, we still expect the economy to begin slowing before long.”
Jackson said that a steady deceleration in the real estate sector should take hold from the second quarter, adding that it would “create an additional drag for both the services and construction components of GDP”.
The government has trimmed its 2017 GDP growth target to “around 6.5 percent”.|
According to the AFP poll's median full-year forecast, China's GDP growth will fall to 6.6 percent for the year.
PLASTIC bags.
I am sick of them.
I am sick of hearing people whinge about them, I'm sick of reading news stories about them.
So, of course, I have chosen to dedicate 250 words to the topic.
It seems like a lot of people who are mad about the ban are the type of people who get mad whenever something in their life changes.
Until something else minor comes along for them to blow their lid about they'll get red faced every time they are forced to look at/touch/use a reusable bag.
They complain about 15 cent thicker plastic bags, they complain about 99 cent green bags.
I wish I was one of those amazing people who was already using reusable bags before our lives got turned upside down by this out-of-the-blue policy, but I'm not organised enough for that.
So, I have done something amazing which required me to use forethought for a whole five seconds.
I put reusable bags in my car.
This simple change in behaviour has released me from pain, trials and tribulations faced by everyday Australians who just want to use harmful single-use plastic because it's convenient.
No longer will I feel the urge to abuse, hit and swear at humble checkout workers who are just passing down policies from their overlords.
But, seriously.
It's not a big deal.
If I, the most unorganised person I know, can deal with it so can you.
South Australia has been plastic bag free for years and last time I checked they were doing just fine.
Warren Gatland is expected to overlook a number of England's Six Nations champions when he names his British & Irish Lions squad on Wednesday, with the second-row Joe Launchbury among those to miss out.
Launchbury excelled for England throughout the tournament but is up against Alun Wyn Jones, who captained the Lions in the final Test in 2013, Maro Itoje, Courtney Lawes, the Ireland pair of Iain Henderson and Donnacha Ryan, as well as the fit-again George Kruis, for one of what is expected to be five second-row positions.
Kruis returned for Saracens against Northampton on Sunday to make his first appearance since having knee surgery in January and lasted 80 minutes in front of the watching Steve Borthwick, one of the Lions assistant coaches. Considering he was singled out by Gatland as being still in his thoughts despite missing the Six Nations, Kruis's timely return may prove Launchbury's undoing.
Jonathan Joseph is also likely to be a shock omission from Gatland's squad, while George Ford's recent struggles for Bath – Rob Howley was in attendance during their defeat by Worcester last weekend – means his stock has fallen and he may instead feature on England's summer tour to Argentina.
Gatland is still likely to pick several Englishmen but it appears Eddie Jones's side's defeat by Ireland on the final weekend of the Six Nations will count against a handful of hopefuls. “I want the English players to front up. And if they do come through it all, yes, that is good for the Lions,” said Gatland, before the start of the Six Nations.
Despite Northampton's defeat the England captain, Dylan Hartley, was another to advance his claims in front of Borthwick and it is believed his name will be a source of debate at the selection meeting on Tuesday.
(Guardian service)
LIMA – Peruvian miner Minsur expects to secure $800-million to $900-million in financing from a group of banks in August that will put it on track to start building its $1.6-billion Mina Justa copper project toward the end of the year, the company said on Wednesday.
The banks - from Germany, Canada, Australia and South Korea - will likely offer financing to be repaid in eight to nine years, Minsur President Juan Luis Kruger said in an interview at the International Gold & Silver Symposium in Peru.
Advertisement
Last month Chilean industrial conglomerate Empresas Copec bought a 40% stake in Mina Justa from Minsur for $168.5-million.
The company will use its own capital to finance the rest of the project, which should start annual production of about 100 000 t of copper in 2020, Kruger added.
Advertisement
Minsur, one of the world's biggest tin producers, is also carrying out a $200-million expansion of its San Rafael tin mine that should extend its life by nine years and raise its output to 23 000 t/y from 18 000 t, Kruger added.
Minsur wants about 40% to 45% of its production to be tin, another 40% to 45% copper and the rest gold, Kruger said.
"When Mina Justa and expansion of San Rafael are producing...we'll probably be able to venture into new opportunities," Kruger said.
Automated Fare Collection System Market was valued at $4.81 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach $12.81 billion by 2024, growing at a CAGR of 13.3% from 2017 to 2024.
An automated fare collection system also called as AFC system is the set of components that automate the ticketing system of a public transportation network by an automated and improvised version of manual fare collection. The AFC system is usually the basis for integrated ticketing. Various technologies like contactless smart cards have been seen more frequently in AFC, This system enables efficiency in fare collection, improves the overall transaction rate, and saves an extensive amount of time, thereby minimizing waiting time in queues and searching for cash to buy tickets. In addition, it is the easiest method for revenue collection. AFC offers travelers to carry one card for use on all transit modes. For Example, Delhi Metro Rail has provided smart cards which reduced traffic congestion and waiting in queues. The AFC system consists of the components like automatic gate machine, ticket vending machine and ticket checking machine.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automated-fare-collection-system-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
Factors that are driving the growth of the AFC market are the enhanced benefits of AFC. Orientation of the people towards adopting new technologies, and the development of new technologies for AFC such as advanced traffic management system, commercial vehicle operation, AFC enabled retail system, automated transportation pricing system, and advanced public transportation system are driving the AFC market growth. This technology also helps to eliminate the need for carrying out operations manually, which is a very hectic task. AFC also reduces the risk of errors, as the operations carried out by machines are more accurate and precise, and the probability of errors is very less. Another major plus point of the AFC technology is that it is much more effective in terms of security for transactions as compared to other manual methods. Influenced by these factors, the governments of various countries are investing on numerous AFC projects. However, Lack of Awareness and limited use of smart cards can act as the restraints for the growth of AFC Market.
Market Segmentation
The segmentation of the AFC market is done on the basis of Component, Application, Technology Platform and Geography. On the basis of the component, the market is segmented as Hardware and Software. By application, the market is segmented as Bus, Toll, Train, and Car rentals. On the basis of technology platform, the market is segmented as Smart Card, NFC, OCR and Others. On the basis of geography, the market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World.
Global AFC Market revenue by geography, 2016 ($ Million)
Some major players in the market are Advanced Card Systems Ltd., Atos SE, Cubic Transportation Systems, LG CNS, NXP Semiconductors, Omron Corp., Samsung SDS, Scheidt & Bachmann, Thales Group, LECIP Group.
AUTOMATED FARE COLLECTION SYSTEM MARKET SEGMENTATION:
On the Basis of Component
• Hardware
• Software
On the Basis of Application
• Bus
• Toll
• Train
• Car Rental
On the Basis of Technology Platform
• Smart Card
• NFC
• OCR
• Others (Magnetic Strips and Bar Codes)
On the Basis of Geography
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• LAMEA
Key Market Players
Advanced Card Systems Ltd.
• Atos SE
• Cubic Transportation Systems
• LG CNS
• NXP Semiconductors
• Omron Corp.
• Samsung SDS
• Scheidt & Bachmann
• Thales Group
• LECIP Group
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automated-fare-collection-system-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
At least 47 people, including women and children, were killed last year by Congolese security forces in an "unlawful, unjustified and disproportionate" crackdown on peaceful protesters, the UN said Monday.
Democratic Republic of Congo has been hit by a wave of protests since President Joseph Kabila refused to step down at the end of his term in December 2016.
After repeated delays the election has been set for December this year, but the electoral commission has said that it may have to be held in April 2019. The opposition accuses Kabila of trying to hold onto power.
Read more: DRC police fire on church-led, anti-Kabila demonstrators
Impunity 'particularly disturbing'
"It is particularly disturbing that security services and defense forces carry out this violence with almost full impunity which can be perceived as encouraging such repression," said UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein. "We are seeing the quashing of dissent at all costs – even at the cost of human life – in the DRC by the systematic deployment of armed forces alongside the Police Nationale Congolaise to handle protests."
Read more: Anti-Kabila protests turn deadly in DRC
The UN report said Congolese security services used lethal force against protesters and attempted to cover up human rights violations, including by removing the bodies of victims and blocking national and international observers.
The report also said that restriction on fundamental rights and threats against protesters was of "deep concern" for the holding peaceful and fair elections.
Kabila has dismissed allegations his security forces have used excessive force on protesters.
Watch video 01:35 Share Congo's malnourished children Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2u4OF Congo: two million children at risk of starvation
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Amazon Filters reports on the supply of significant quantities of SupaPore TPB PTFE membrane filters to a major pharmaceutical company for off-gas filtration of their large-scale fermenters.
In the preparation of vaccines and cultivation of pathogenic microorganisms, the chance of hazardous microorganisms escaping from the fermenter into the environment must be prevented. In situations like this, sterilisation of the exhaust off-gas leaving the fermenter is mandatory and is commonly best achieved by absolute (0.02µm) filtration.
Faced with erratic service from their existing supplier the pharmaceutical customer sought an alternative manufacturer that could supply them with an off-gas filter with improved flow performance, decreased lead times and support documentation tailored to their needs. After extensive discussions and testing, they found that the solution to their challenge was Amazon Filters SupaPore TPB gas sterilising cartridge filter which exceeded all the criteria for safe and effective off-gas filtration.
A critical consideration in off-gas applications is the differential pressure across the filter cartridges, as operating pressure is limited. The Amazon Filters SupaPore TPB cartridge filters reduced the overall differential pressure loss by 20% increasing the safety margin of performance that the customers system had available. During final contract discussions, Amazon Filters was also able to design specific packaging to meet the customers' requirements and reduce the amount of waste generated.
For further information please visit https://www.amazonfilters.com/sterile-filtration-of-biotech-fermenter-off-gas-2/. To discuss how to improve your fermenter off-gas filtration please contact Amazon Filters on +44-1276-670600 / [email protected]
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Pope Francis' decision to move the World War II-era head of Poland's Catholic Church a step closer to possible sainthood has hit a stumbling block, after two leading Jewish organizations and even Polish Catholic publications called him out for anti-Semitic views.
It's not clear if the protests will derail the sainthood cause of Cardinal August Hlond, but in the past the Vatican has taken such protests seriously and at the very least put the cases up for closer review.
In May, Francis approved a decree recognizing Hlond's "heroic virtues." Now the Vatican must confirm a miracle attributed to Hlond's intercession for him to be beatified, and a second one for him to be made a saint.
Hlond, born July 5, 1881, was the highest-ranking church official in Poland from 1926 to his death in 1948. He is highly respected in this overwhelmingly Catholic country for having rejected Nazi Germany's proposals for a collaborative government, and for protecting the church's independence during the first years of communism.
Advertisement
In its protest, the American Jewish Committee pointed to a passage in a 1936 pastoral letter by Hlond, who was Poland's primate then, that showed his attitude toward Jews and echoed the general line of the Catholic Church of the time.
The group also criticized Hlond's failure to condemn the killings of at least 40 Jews in Poland in 1946 by a mob and secret security. It argued that moving forward with the canonization process will be seen as an "expression of approval of Cardinal Hlond's extremely negative approach toward the Jewish community."
"It's very difficult to see how you can still claim that the man was a paragon (of saintliness) when the data is so explicit," AJC's director of interreligious affairs, Rabbi David Rosen, told The Associated Press.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center, a Nazi-hunting body, said making Hlond a saint would "further embolden" Poland's right-wing government in its "headlong efforts to selectively rewrite Polish activities from that tragic era."
The disputed passage in Hlond's letter reads: "It is a fact that the Jews are fighting against the Catholic Church, persisting in free thinking, and are the vanguard of godlessness, Bolshevism and subversion."
It has frequently been cited as evidence of the Catholic Church's institutional anti-Semitism prior to the modernizing reforms of the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s.
But Hlond also wrote that there are many "ethically outstanding, noble and respectable" Jews, and that all Jews should be "respected and loved as persons and as neighbors."
In what appeared to be a condemnation of German Nazi laws, the letter warned against "imported from abroad" anti-Semitism that's "incompatible with Catholic ethics."
"It is not allowed to attack Jews, beat them, injure them or slander them," Hlond said in the letter, which priests read out in churches at Lent in 1936.
He said it was "good" to support Polish businesses and avoid Jewish ones, but it was "forbidden" to "ravage Jewish shops, destroy the goods of the Jews, break windows, throw firecrackers at their homes."
Rosen, who has decades of experience in Catholic-Jewish relations, said the process of making Hlond a saint should be halted.
But the Polish priest promoting Hlond's case before the Vatican's Congregations for the Causes of Saints said the criticism is "unfounded" because Hlond's words had been taken out of context. Mgr. Boguslaw Koziol has discussed all the documents with Vatican experts, and insists Hlond preached love regardless of nation or religion.
Koziol believes that the whole passage — titled "From our Sins" — was progressive for its time and aimed to protect Jews from violence. But he admits it also included questionable ideas.
Hlond's critics "have focused on this negative part of the letter, but are not quoting any other part," he told the AP.
Catholic weekly Tygodnik Powszechny argued that the letter failed to protect Jews from the attacks of Polish nationalists.
It said Hlond didn't "suggest any way out of the 'Jewish problem,' or any good plan for a dignified and peaceful coexistence in one country. One could protest: these were not yet the times of dialogue. But one may also reply: shouldn't we expect candidates for sainthood to be larger than the routine thinking of their times?"
Referring to the July 4, 1946 pogrom in the town of Kielce — where a mob and secret security forces killed at least 40 Jews and two Poles who were defending them — Rosen said that Hlond "did not condemn the pogrom nor urge Poles to stop murdering Jews. Rather, he pointed out that the Jews were all communists or supporters of communism and that the pogrom was their own fault."
Koziol, however, blames Poland's post-war communist rule for Hlond's reticence. Any direct condemnation would have meant a confrontation with the regime and repercussions for the church.
In 2005, the Vatican shelved the planned beatification of French priest the Rev. Leon Dehon and launched an inquiry after complaints about his anti-Semitic views.
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
A search of part of a Waikato lake not searched before led police to find missing woman Kim Richmond's car submerged in six metres of water with a body inside.
Ms Richmond, a mother of three, went missing from her home at Arohena near Te Awamutu almost a year ago, on July 31 2016.
Police say the vehicle recovered is the 2014 silver Ford ute that Ms Richmond was believed to be driving prior to her disappearance.
Missing Waikato woman Kim Richmond Source: NZ Police
"This morning the police have recovered the Ford Territory utility form Lake Arapuni. It's been salvaged and it will be taken away for a forensic examination by police staff," Detective Senior Sergeant Ross Patterson told media at the scene this afternoon.
"We also located inside that vehicle a body. The identity of that person is not confirmed yet. That body will go to Auckland for a post mortem tomorrow. The post mortem will also assist us in identifying who that person is," he said.
"The matter has been reported to the coroner. With these new findings our investigation will not focus on what we've unravelled these last two days."
Asked what new information led police to finding the vehicle, Mr Patterson said police had been reviewing their investigation and the searches conducted "and there were some areas that we wanted to check and make sure that all areas have been done.
"And it's because of this new search that we were able to find the ute."
By South China Morning Post, David Green
China's minimum living standard guarantee, named dibao, is receiving fresh interest in the region as countries from Korea to India turn to universal basic income (UBI) to boost their economies and combat the coming automation-induced job crisis.
UBI, or the regular distribution of free money to all citizens as a form of social security, has been on the fringes of economic policy debate since the late 18th century, and gained credence in the 1960s after Milton Friedman advocated a minimum income guarantee in his book Capitalism and Freedom.
It is now gaining traction in the Asia-Pacific region, as pilot projects turn in data showing its benefits exceed those of existing social welfare policies.
India, for example, is considering implementing a far-reaching form of UBI after trials showed an income of as little as US$5 ($7) per month had a powerfully positive effect on health and investment decisions in target communities.
In Taiwan, which recently played host to the first conference devoted to UBI in Asia-Pacific, plans are afoot to pioneer an independent trial of basic income in the island's south-eastern Hualien county. The idea has been welcomed by the community and is receiving tentative support from politicians further afield.
In South Korea, UBI came to national attention after the Basic Income Earth Network (BIEN), a body that connects people and groups interested in the concept of unconditional cash payouts to individuals, held their 16th congress there last year. Support from mainstream politicians followed after the successful implementation of a so-called "youth dividend" in Seongnam city, under which every person aged 19-24, who has lived at the city for at least three years, receives about US$230 each quarter.
The Basic Income Korean Network has since proposed funding a national version of the scheme financed by a combination of income tax, a land ownership levy and a carbon tax.
But it is not just the success of UBI trials that is forcing the issue into the in-trays of economic policymakers. Many see implementation of a UBI not just as a welcome option, but a necessary one in light of the widely publicised prediction by Oxford University academics Carl Frey and Michael Osborne that up to 40 per cent of all current jobs will fall victim to automation within 15 years.
Continued below.
Related Content Job applications go Hollywood Prime Minister wrong on independence claim for SAS inquiry: Andrew Little Your Views: Readers Letters
"UBI is inevitable. We have relied on labour and wages to drive consumption and we're not going to have that - in terms of technological unemployment, even if it gets close to the predictions it would be catastrophic," Gregory Marston, head of the School of Social Science at the University of Queensland, said at a recent conference in Taiwan.
For its part, China has been operating a form of basic income since 2007, when it implemented dibao, a minimum income guarantee, nationwide. The scheme tops up recipients' income to a basic level below the minimum wage. The actual amount is set independently at the municipal level and is required to be higher in urban areas than rural ones. As of 2010, there were 50 million mostly low-skilled, disabled or unwell people in China receiving the stipend at a cost equivalent to 0.14 per cent of GDP - tiny by any measure of global social welfare spending.
World Bank data indicates that the policy has helped lower poverty by 6.5 per cent, representing a solid return on investment for a scheme that took 17 years of experimentation to finalise.
Yet the programme has drawn criticism both from those who suggest the money is ending up in the hands of richer households due to official corruption, and others who say the households themselves are scamming the system by claiming dibao when they do not qualify.
They set up a massive bureaucracy to exclude the rich, but in fact most recipients are still above the poverty line. Tyler Prochazka
The system is open to such criticism in part because assessment depends on highly subjective non-monetary standards. These include the appearance of one's home, the health of the household or whether or not one owns a car or other "luxury" products.
World Bank data suggests only one in 10 poor households in China's rural communities receive dibao, and of those, three quarters are not actually poor.
"They set up a massive bureaucracy to exclude the rich, but in fact most recipients are still above the poverty line," said Tyler Prochazka, who wrote his thesis on the economics and impact of the dibao in Tianjin and is an advocate for UBI with BIEN.
Prochazka urged China to create areas similar to its special economic zones in which to experiment unconditional forms of basic income. After all, a key reason UBI found support among such champions of free market economics, such as Friedman, is that it encompasses the eradication of the bureaucracy required to assess means, and with it potential for corruption.
"If we look at the Indian context, where we saw people were realising their dreams - starting businesses and going out and getting an education. That is what UBI is about, fulfilling your passions. We do have to construct this narrative in a Chinese context," Prochazka said.
That work began with the Taipei conference, which was attended by experts and academics from across Asia-Pacific.
"This is a landmark event in APAC," Sarath Davala, co-author of Basic Income: A Transformative Policy for India, told delegates.
"A working committee should emerge from this conference, share information and ideas and perform political advocacy to promote UBI across the Asia-Pacific."
Andy Peaks believes there is a lot for AFC Rushden & Diamonds to look forward to as they head into 2017.
Diamonds will bid to extend their unbeaten run in the Evo-Stik Northern Premier League Division One South to 19 matches and strengthen their grip on a play-off place when they head to Bedworth United this afternoon (Monday, 3pm) after their clash at Chasetown last Thursday was postponed due to a frozen pitch.
Peaks' men have put themselves in a strong position going into the new year as they bid for another promotion challenge.
And the Diamonds boss believes they can look back on “another good year” after their efforts in 2016.
Peaks' team suffered heartbreak back in May when they were lost 2-1 after extra-time to St Ives Town in the Southern League Division One Central play-off final.
But that pain was eased somewhat by a 2-1 victory over local rivals Kettering Town in the NFA Hillier Senior Cup final at Sixfields.
And while Peaks knows the club still have the ground issue hanging over them as they face eviction from the Dog & Duck at the end of the season, he feels the on-pitch matters are looking good.
“When you look at the bigger picture, I think we can be delighted with another good year for the club,” Peaks said.
“I think the board and the chairman will reflect on the good things that have happened.
“There was the disappointment of the play-off final defeat but I think everyone was happy with the win over Kettering in the Hillier Cup final.
“And we have settled into the new surroundings of the Northern League pretty well and have got ourselves into a good position.
“There is obviously the ground situation hanging over the club but that's something which is out of my hands.
“But when it comes to what is happening on the pitch, I believe there is a lot for us to look forward to in the new year.”
By Bab Osuji:
The feud between former Nigeria Football Association Vice Chairman, Chief Gabriel Chukwuma (Gabros International) and Capital Oil boss, Dr Patrick Ifeanyi Ubah over the ownership of the NPFL club, FC Ifeanyiubah, has taken a new twist with the former NIgeria FA chieftain poised to stop FC Ifeanyiubah from participating in both the CAF Confederation Cup and the Nigeria Professional Football League, Completesportsnigeria. com can report.
Our checks reveal that the latest twist followed alleged failure by the oil and gas magnet, Dr. Ubah to honour an agreement allegedly reached by both parties last October.
Completesportsnigeria.com gathered that the peace move was allegedly brokered by the FC Ifeanyiubah boss, and an agreement to offset the N400m allegedly owed Chief Chukwuma over sale of the club (Gabros International) in 2014 was reached.
The debt has remained the bone of contention in the protracted feud, and Chief Chukwuma has through his lawyers, written to FIFA, CAF and the League Management Company LMC, requesting that FC IfeanyiUbah should not be registered for the current season.
Completesportsnigeria.com reports that Chukwuma's lawyers have also written to West Ham United, an English premier League side urging them to discontinue their partnership arrangement with the Nnewi club.
In the petition addressed to West Ham United President, dated December 28, 2016, with the caption, 'REQUEST NOT TO DEAL WITH FC IFEANYI IN WHATSOEVER MANNER', Chukwuma petitions West Ham United thus : "we request that you do not deal with FC Ifeanyiubah in any manner whatsoever in order to avoid imperilling yourself".
He threatens legal action against the League Management Company, LMC, should the body go ahead to register the club for the 2016/2017 NPFL season.
"Consequently, through its solicitor's letter of 23rd December 2016, Gabros requested the Company to desist from recognising FC Ifeanyi Ubah as a football club in Nigeria; desist from allowing, registering or permitting FC Ifeanyiubah to participate or play Football Leagues whether professional, premier, amateur or otherwise and or any other league in Nigeria in the 2016/2017 and or in any other season; and that if in the premise, League Management Company Ltd – fails to comply with its demand, it shall commence contempt proceedings against it and other managing officers/board members of League Management Company Ltd," the letter reads in part.
Completesportsnigeria.com reports that Gabros had earlier petitioned to West Ham United on the same issue but this time, he did so through his legal counsel, M/S McCarthy & Co.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today she calls me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
There could be wet weather over the long weekend for parts of the country, including Northland, Auckland and the Coromandel Peninsula, as New Zealand prepares for the long Queen's Birthday weekend.
"Over the long weekend, the place to be for dry weather looks to be the far south, like Southland and Central Otago," 1 NEWS meteorologist Dan Corbett said.
MetService issued its forecast for the long weekend, saying despite the wet weather, warmer temperatures could be on the way for the North Island to replace the cold and frosty weather experienced this week.
MetService meteorologist John Law said dry weather was on the cards for the far south and west of the South Island, with milder temperatures in the North Island.
"Although the weekend is looking cloudier and wetter it will do wonders for our overnight minimums on the North Island."
"Looking ahead into the weekend, rain creeps into the Far North on Saturday and moves across the North Island during Sunday. By Monday, it's generally a cloudier looking day with spells of rain over the North Island and the east of the South Island, with the chance of some heavier rain returning to the Kaikoura Coast."
There is the potential for heavy rain and strong wind in the Northland area to the Bay of Plenty and Gisborne.
BEIJING: The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank expects to more than double its lending power for regional projects over the next five years, a top executive said, denying it was an arm of the Communist Party.
The brainchild of Chinese President Xi Jinping, the multilateral financial institution was launched in January 2016 to counter Western dominance of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.
It has already bankrolled a dozen projects, including a highway in Pakistan, a power plant in Myanmar and a
deepwater port in Oman, and AIIB's vice president Thierry de Longuemar said more will follow.
So far none of the projects are part of Beijing's much-vaunted Belt and Road infrastructure initiative, but de Longuemar said the bank would be prepared to get involved but not as “an instrument” of the government.
China is the bank's largest shareholder with a 28 percent stake, followed by India with eight percent, and it is chaired by a former Chinese vice minister of finance, Jin Liqun.
“You can't deny that it's a Chinese initiative,” de Longuemar told AFP, ahead of the bank's second general assembly on the South Korean island of Jeju on Friday.
‘Enormous sum'
“China has a higher interest in the success of this institution. But to say that it is a Chinese bank rather than an international bank would be… a big exaggeration,” he added, during an interview at the AIIB's temporary Beijing office staffed by 100 people.
“China's wish isn't to create a new instrument of the Chinese state, it is to demonstrate its ability to promote a truly international institution based in China.”
The bank's shareholders have pledged to raise the AIIB's total capital to the “enormous sum” of $20 billion over five years, de Longuemar said, from $9 billion today.
By tapping financial markets, it could quadruple its lending power to $80 billion, added the Frenchman, a former Asian Development Bank vice president.
The bank approved $1.7 billion in loans in 2016 and plans to increase lending to $2.5 billion this year.
“In a few years, we will have a loan capacity that will most likely reach $10 billion a year or more,” de Longuemar said.
Critics had feared the bank would set low standards for projects and undermine principles adhered to by the World Bank and other multilateral development finance institutions.
But de Longuemar said the AIIB had a set of principles on financing projects, ensuring they are financially viable and that they follow social and environmental rules.
“There are things it won't finance, like coal-fired power plants,” he said.
Door ‘open' to US
Having the bank's headquarters in Beijing “obviously creates an environment that favours Chinese interests”, de Longuemar conceded.
In areas such as transport infrastructure, for instance, “Chinese businesses are particularly competitive”, he said.
“If the Chinese are the best bidders, there is no reason to reject their companies.”
The bank's three-day meeting on Jeju will officially welcome 19 new members, including Canada, Belgium and Hong Kong, bringing the number of shareholders to 77.
While several European nations have joined the bank, holding a fifth of the capital, the United States and Japan have notably declined to become members.
Former US president Barack Obama's administration chose to stay out of the AIIB on concerns about its transparency and governance.
While it is not clear if Xi raised the issue during talks with US President Donald Trump in Florida in April, it would have been “politically perfectly coherent” for him to have done so, de Longuemar said.
“The door remains open” to Washington, he said.
Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. is enormously proud to present the highest quality floor sanding service in Gloucester, as well as, other parts of the UK. The company's many years of experience and expertise have propelled them to become the go-to service providers for floor sanding.
It is not commonplace to find a company offering tailored floor sanding services combined with the best industry practices and an intense passion for customer service. The company excels with every opportunity and provides assistance for small-scale residential renovations through to large-scale commercial construction.
“Floor sanding Gloucester is a very important step in the floor preparation process. It must be done before installing the final floor covering. If this step is skipped, the chances of having a loose surface can lead to the final floor finish being affected. We previously offered only guidance and advice on how to go about this task, but on realising that a lot of people are unable to achieve the desired results, we decided to offer a floor sanding service. Our professional services are aimed at helping our customers get the best out of their floor investment”, said a spokesperson of the company.
He also added, “The primary reason why we started offering floor sanding solutions is because this process requires the use of highly-specialist machines. Such machines are usually not available for the public to rent or purchase. Since we have the machines, equipment and tools required to get the job done, we decided to take care of the whole flooring requirement from start to finish for of our customers.”
Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. not only provides floor sanding services, but also takes care of all the pre- and post-arrangements. Even before commencing the sanding of the floor, their team of professionals take special care to clean the space of any sharp materials, such as nails etc. This is particularly important because sharp materials can damage their sanding machines.
On further questioning about the type of machines that the company users for floor sanding, the spokesperson said, “For the initial stages and first cut, we make use of large belt sanders and drum sanders, along with coarse grit papers. We not only sand the broad main floor, but also take care of the edges, stairs and corners. As for the second part, we make use of sand papers that have double grit.”
“We have a finishing machine or finishing sander so that your floor surface gets a finishing touch. Once we have completed sanding the floor, we spray the surface with sealants. The sealants that we choose strictly depend on the type of floor covering that our customers have chosen to use”, added the spokesperson.
Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. has a rigorous approach towards delivering unparalleled service. By offering floor sanding solutions for both residential and commercial spaces, they aim to make it easier for home renovators, as well as, property developers to install or replace floors.
The CEO of the company said, “Our sanding services are largely dust-free and we make sure we use technologically-advanced machines for the task. Our team is constantly engaged in sourcing better equipment so that we are capable of not just meeting, but exceeding the expectations of our customers.”
From its inception, the company has always been renowned for their high-level of products and services. They not only provide floor sanding services, but also offers their expert guidance and advice on how to sand the floor for DIY enthusiasts. They supply all the necessary products required to successfully sand floors. Tile or wood flooring, this company has got the capability and proficiency required to match your flooring needs. Their products and services are priced competitively.
Millennials are flipping out for ‘Clueless' brunches and ‘Friends' musicals It may be 2018, but that doesn't mean the 1990s have stopped roaring. Nostalgic millennials looking for a dose of that decade's pop culture can get their fix at numerous...
The reign of terror when murder was king of New York in the '80s and '90s The cover sheet on the clipboard hanging in the station house of Brooklyn's blood-soaked 75th Precinct said it all: “You give us 22 minutes, we'll give you a homicide.” Much...
The terrible secret behind one of the '90s' greatest pop songs They're all out of faith. Twitter users have reacted with shock to a tweet explaining that singer Natalie Imbruglia's 1997 hit single “Torn” is, in fact, a cover. “Every '90s...
Mark Zuckerberg Under Fire for Massive Data Leak
A U.S. senator is demanding that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee, after reports that a company employed by President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign accessed profile data from more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission.
"This is a major breach that must be investigated," Sen. Amy Klobuchar, a Minnesota Democrat, tweeted Saturday. "It's clear these platforms can't police themselves ... They say 'trust us.' Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary."
Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the senator's demand.
On Friday evening, the Menlo Park social media giant -- with the New York Times poised to publish on Saturday an article about the massive data leak -- admitted in a news release that Cambridge Analytica had years ago obtained user data from a "personality prediction" app that was downloaded by about 270,000 people.
The app developer could then access "information such as the city they set on their profile, or content they had liked, as well as more limited information about friends who had their privacy settings set to allow it," Facebook said.
The developer accessed the data through what were the proper channels at the time, but "lied to us and violated our Platform Policies by passing data (to) Cambridge Analytica," the company said.
Cambridge Analytica harvested profile information from more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission, the Associated Press reported.
Facebook subsequently changed the rules governing developers' use of its data, and now requires them to justify and explain proposed data collection before they're allowed to access user information or ask for it, the company said.
Cambridge Analytica denied wrongdoing, saying it had deleted the data it received from the developer, the Associated Press reported. Facebook, however, said in its news release that it had received reports several days ago that not all the data was deleted.
"We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims," the company said.
Cambridge Analytica, linked to Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon, used the data to develop techniques that formed the foundation of its work on the Trump campaign, The New York Times and The Guardian reported.
Facebook executives took to Twitter on Saturday to argue strenuously that the data leak was not a data breach.
"This was unequivocally not a data breach," tweeted longtime executive Andrew Bosworth. "People chose to share their data with third party apps and if those third party apps did not follow the data agreements with us/users it is a violation. No systems were infiltrated, no passwords or information were stolen or hacked."
One of the New York Times reporters who wrote the newspaper's story on the leak responded. "Facebook officials today playing semantic -- but legally very important to regulators -- word games about a data 'breach,' " Nick Confessore? tweeted. "But who needs to steal passwords when Facebook will just give some dude access to your profile and not even check his app out that closely?"
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Courtesy of Facebook.
Coastal Surveillance is a combined system that consists of multiple control centers, cameras and a set of sensor stations forming a hierarchical architecture for advanced surveillance of the coastline. Global coastal surveillance market is anticipated to grow steadily in the upcoming years owing to increased situational awareness, growing coastline activities, and rising geo-political conflicts. However, declining defense budgets of developed nations might hinder the market growth. Increasing maritime traffic would provide lucrative opportunities for the market. The market is moderately competitive owing to the presence of few global players competing on the basis of cost, quality, and reliability of the product. Provision of customized solutions is the prime technique adopted by market leaders to improve their market presence. Asia-Pacific is anticipated to exhibit significant growth rate owing to growing maritime traffic and several border conflicts within this region.
Coastal Surveillance Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on end use, application, structure, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the coastal Surveillance market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the coastal Surveillance industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/coastal-surveillance-market/request-sample
Coastal Surveillance Market Segmentation
By End Use
• Coast Guard
• Navy
• Others
By Application
• Command & Control
• Communication
• Computers
• Intelligence
• Surveillance & Reconnaissance
• Electronic Warfare
By Structure
• Port
• Regional
• National
Coastal Surveillance Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the coastal Surveillance market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on coastal Surveillance market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/coastal-surveillance-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Share This: The First Reactions To Marvel's ‘Revolutionary' ‘Black Panther' Are Here Crystal
Earlier this week, Marvel transformed the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles into Wakanda for the world premiere of one of its most anticipated films ever: Ryan Coogler's Black Panther.
Although proper reviews are being held closer to the February 16 release of the latest superhero title, the social media embargo for the film was lifted shortly after the world premiere screening—and those lucky enough to see it with the entire cast in attendance have been tweeting up a storm about Coogler's “revolutionary” film.
Entertainment Weekly contributor ReBecca Theodore-Vachon called Black Panther “by far the best-looking [Marvel Cinematic Universe] film,” adding that “Ryan Coogler has changed game for MCU.” (Rachel Morrison, the first female Oscar-nominated cinematographer, reunited with Coogler for Black Panther.) Los Angeles Times writer Tre'vell Anderson described the film as a “love letter about blackness.” Meanwhile, Michael B. Jordan's villain Killmonger and Letitia Wright's Shuri also earned high praise.
Of course it shouldn't come as too much of a surprise that the first major superhero film directed by a black man and starring a predominantly black cast is a new benchmark for representation and storytelling. Check out some of the early Black Panther reactions below—and, no, it's not post-premiere hyperbole.
“The best MCU movie ever.”
Black Panther is the best MCU movie ever. I was blown away from start to finish and I'm not even being biased. This was by far the best marvel movie to date. Thank you, Ryan Coogler! #BlackPanther pic.twitter.com/8Qh0hlOYAb — Geeks of Color (@GeeksOfColor) January 30, 2018
Yes! I was there covering the purple carpet last night for Marvel, and then saw it: revolutionary, awe inspiring! I thought: wow we've made it! Let this movie spark a mental revolution in the minds of others seeing Black folks as the dope ass people we know ourselves to be! — James Arthur M. (@JamesArthur_M) January 30, 2018
It's Marvel's “best-looking” film.
Social media embargo is lifted – now I can talk about #BlackPanther pic.twitter.com/p7DbrK57rv — ReBecca Theodore-Vachon (@FilmFatale_NYC) January 30, 2018
Y'all. Y'ALL. Y'ALL. #BlackPanther is everything I wanted and so much more. Ryan Coogler has changed game for MCU. My God. pic.twitter.com/12dfz0xKkk — ReBecca Theodore-Vachon (@FilmFatale_NYC) January 30, 2018
And the representation of Black women in #BlackPanther made me feel seen. Seen in a way other superhero movies have not done well. pic.twitter.com/xrzVP5SLu6 — ReBecca Theodore-Vachon (@FilmFatale_NYC) January 30, 2018
“The James Bond of the MCU.”
#BlackPanther is exceptional – the James Bond of the MCU. You've seen nothing like this in a superhero movie – it's bold, beautiful & intense, but there's a depth & spiritualness that is unlike anything Marvel has ever done. It's 100% African & it is dope af. pic.twitter.com/Z77IjnIjf2 — ErikDavis (@ErikDavis) January 30, 2018
It's a film with a lot of things to say.
And everybody was here: Kendrick, Janelle, Ava, Yara, Donald Glover, Issa, Kumail, Amber Riley, Lena, David O. #BlackPanther — Tre'vell Anderson (@TrevellAnderson) January 30, 2018
#BlackPanther is a love letter about blackness, to a world that often ghettoizes it without realizing that it is on black backs that this planet revolves. This world's livelihood is in our blood. pic.twitter.com/FscW1hWbI6 — Tre'vell Anderson (@TrevellAnderson) January 30, 2018
Black Panther is a new high for Marvel on so many levels: the richest exploration of identity and strength and privilege, the deepest bench of complex women, and I think the MCU's most tragic villain. The atmosphere in the screening room was so charged. — Emma Dibdin (@emmdib) January 30, 2018
Black Panther looks, feels and sounds unlike any Marvel film to date. A visual feast. Wakanda is amazingly realized, the antagonist actually has an arc with emotional motivations. Marvels most political movie. So good. #BlackPanther — Peter Sciretta (@slashfilm) January 30, 2018
BLACK PANTHER is not screwing around. By far the most political Marvel chapter, to the point I had to remind myself this is a Marvel movie. BLACK PANTHER is a movie with a lot to say. Also, Michael B. Jordan … damn — Mike Ryan (@mikeryan) January 30, 2018
Black Panther was STUNNING. The movie itself tackles a lot of different issues, including a complex villain and the moral struggles that come with being king.
And it truly showed the strength of black women THE ENTIRE TIME.#BlackPanther — Dani Fernandez (@msdanifernandez) January 30, 2018
“It's a “new start” for the MCU.”
BLACK PANTHER is like a Marvel movie, but better. the action is predictably awful, but this is the first MCU film that has an actual sense of identity & history & musicality. Wakanda is alive. whole cast is great but the women (and the war rhinos) steal the show — Danai Gurira! — david ehrlich (@davidehrlich) January 30, 2018
BLACK PANTHER feels like the actual start of a new phase for Marvel, not only because it exists so well on its own terms, but because it feels so new and timely, through both its storytelling and the very people the story is about (and those who get to tell it). Wonderful. — Kate Erbland (@katerbland) January 30, 2018
Michael B. Jordan's Killmonger goes deep.
BLACK PANTHER is incredible, kinetic, purposeful. A superhero movie about why representation & identity matters, and how tragic it is when those things are denied to people. The 1st MCU movie about something real; Michael B. Jordan's Killmonger had me weeping and he's the VILLAIN — jen yamato (@jenyamato) January 30, 2018
MJB's villain origin story in BLACK PANTHER is an origin story racism and broken promises. It felt prescient and familiar and too plausible. — Kendra James (@KendraJames_) January 30, 2018
“Black Panther” is one of Marvel's most ambitious works and includes, in Michael B. Jordan's Erik Killmonger, a top tier villain for Marvel or otherwise. He owns every scene he's in and the film is everything it's been billed as. Long may it reign. pic.twitter.com/KajWk3PNRm — Frank Pallotta (@frankpallotta) January 30, 2018
#marvel does it again with ‘Black Panther'. Very impressed with the story and filmmaking. @michaelb4jordan absolutely kills it as the villain and is the best one since Loki. Also @DanaiGurira kicks so much ass and I loved every second of it. Going to make serious $. pic.twitter.com/YBrg2x3Nnz — Steven Weintraub (@colliderfrosty) January 30, 2018
BLACK PANTHER. Incredible. Real world building with Wakanda. Great mythology building around the Black Panther. Solid character development. Top notch action. Great narrative. Wonderful villain (rare for Marvel). Killer soundtrack. Fav MCU film since Civil War. — John Campea (@johncampea) January 30, 2018
GIVE THE WOMEN OF #BLACKPANTHER THEIR OWN CINEMATIC UNIVERSE HOLY SHIT pic.twitter.com/qAjPvaoPTM — Rachel Heine (@RachelHeine) January 31, 2018
The women of Black Panther rule.
I could review #BlackPanther or I could let the moment where Danai Gurira throws her wig speak for itself pic.twitter.com/G84Cur75BJ — Kyle Buchanan (@kylebuchanan) January 30, 2018
The MVP of #BlackPanther is Letitia Wright's hilarious, ebullient Shuri. I want a Shuri supercut, I want a Shuri spinoff, I want a capsule collection of Shuri sportswear at Opening Ceremony, and I want these things now! — Kyle Buchanan (@kylebuchanan) January 30, 2018
#BlackPanther: I never wanted this movie to end, and as soon as it did I wanted to go back. Solid action, smart story, tons of personality. Shuri is my new fave, Nakia is everything, Killmonger is incredible, T'Challa deserves to rule the MCU. Coogler has done it again. 💜🖤💙 pic.twitter.com/t9gG3DLuCL — Angie J. Han (@ajhan) January 30, 2018
Black Panther was INCREDIBLE! Wakanda is a wondrous African world born of culture and technology. Killmonger is arguably the best MCU villain. Shuri is a scene-stealer. Once it really got going, I couldn't stop thinking about how I couldn't wait to see it again. pic.twitter.com/0o7K3lARuB — Joshua Yehl (@JoshuaYehl) January 31, 2018
If you don't understand the power of representation, imagine growing up never seeing a superhero who looks like you. When American Girl dolls came out I always picked Addy who had to escape slavery. But now kids have #BlackPanther's Nakia, Shuri and Okoye. Dope on many levels. — Natasha Alford 🇵🇷✊🏾👩🏾‍💻🎥 (@NatashaSAlford) January 30, 2018
That was quick. In his first interview, new German Interior Minister Horst Seehofer has made it clear that he intends to conduct the debate on issues of identity and integration through polarization and exclusion. By saying "Islam does not belong to Germany," he has chosen exactly the right accelerant to further fuel Germany's divisions. And he has done it at a time when the number of attacks on mosques and Islamic institutions is on the increase.
This is not only dangerous for the internal harmony of Germany but ultimately a threat to the cohesion of the European Union as well. The EU community will hardly be able to survive in a spirit of exclusion and separation. And Seehofer's demand to suspend the Schengen Agreement indefinitely may lead to further uncertainty.
A missed chance
But the fact that Horst Seehofer has chosen to strike this sort of tone is not only dangerous — it is also a missed opportunity. This is amply demonstrated by the heated debate that this Bavarian politician has — yet again — triggered.
DW's editor-in-chief, Ines Pohl
While one side has turned away angrily, others stridently applaud: "Finally, here is someone who says what we think."
A prudent person would not fuel this conflict further with aggressive statements. Precisely because he is new in office, he has a chance to approach the problems many Germans have — their uncertainties, their feelings of being under threat — in a more inquiring fashion. Four million Muslims live in Germany. That's a fact. To say that their religion does not belong here in the end only serves to help extremist forces.
Read more: A deeper look at Germany's new Interior and Heimat Ministry
Which Islam belongs to Germany?
Why doesn't Seehofer simply ask which kind of Islam belongs in Germany? And, by so doing, oblige Islamic associations in this country to help organize and take responsibility for peaceful coexistence? Why doesn't he try to work together with Muslims who are firmly grounded in our constitution? Those Muslims who, as a matter of course, stand up for equality between men and women and oppose discrimination against homosexuals?
That is the kind of spirit in which the new German government should be dealing with the challenges of integration. And it would also be a constructive way of addressing the fears of those who elected the right-wing populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) to the German parliament.
It is no coincidence that it took Germany almost half a year to form a government. It is a reflection of Germany's fundamental struggle for identity as a country of immigration. The permanent focus on Islam is only further proof of a general helplessness.
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
1:50 SLO County poet laureate Jeanie Greensfelder reads 'At Sweet Springs Preserve' Pause
1:15 Hiking Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities
1:23 At Georgia Brown Elementary in Paso Robles, students learn in English and Spanish
1:46 Discovery SLO's vision: Bowling alley, concerts, food and more — all in one spot
0:37 Cmdr. Beau Pryor describes the search for suspects in Arroyo Grande shooting
1:06 Water races down Nacimiento Lake's main spillway
Superior Document and Email Management Capabilities in an Integrated System Leads Firm to iManage
CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - iManage, the leading provider of Work Product Management solutions, today announced that Peckar & Abramson, P.C. (P&A) -- a firm of more than 100 attorneys long known for leadership and innovation in construction law -- has selected iManage Work for its Work Product Management needs, including document and email management and collaboration. The firm's Work Product Management system will be delivered via the iManage Cloud.
With iManage Cloud, P&A will gain on-demand access to iManage Work for document and e-mail management and iManage Share for secure file collaboration -- through a low monthly subscription fee. Including attorneys and support staff, P&A will have a total of approximately 210 users on iManage Cloud.
The firm saw the move to iManage Cloud as an opportunity to improve upon its existing systems and gain greater capabilities around filing, organizing, and searching for its critical work product -- enabling the firm to operate more efficiently and be more productive.
"As our previous document management system began to outgrow its usefulness, we started evaluating other options," said Rich Volack, partner and IT Committee chair at P&A. "iManage stood out because it had all the features and functionality we were looking for together in one integrated product. The combination of document management, e-mail management, and secure file sharing will help our professionals streamline their processes around finding and organizing important project files and communications, while making it quicker and easier to collaborate with internal colleagues or external parties."
In the past, project e-mails and documents were not integrated in one place -- and thus searching for specific information could be somewhat time-consuming. By having unified project folders for all its work product -- and the ability to organize the folder structures in a way that makes sense for the way the firm likes to work -- P&A will reduce the amount of time its employees will need to spend searching for information and make it easier for P&A's people, regardless of office or location, to work together collaboratively on cases.
The benefits of iManage Cloud extend to P&A 's IT department. In addition to no longer having to manage the infrastructure for an on-premises document management system, they expect to spend less time searching for information on behalf of end users -- allowing them to spend more time on other innovative projects.
"Whether it's to increase business agility, reduce IT workloads, or gain access to industry-leading functionality, firms like P&A are embracing iManage Cloud," said Dan Carmel, Chief Marketing Officer for iManage. "This is the first elastic cloud for the professional services industry, offering petabyte scale and deep search capabilities coupled with a single user experience across mobile, tablets and desktops. Highly secure and architected to deliver unmatched reliability, performance and scale, iManage Cloud is a cloud built for the modern professional."
About iManage
iManage is the leading provider of work product management solutions for legal, accounting and financial services firms and the corporate departments they serve worldwide. Every day iManage helps professionals streamline the creation, sharing, governance and security of their work product. Over one million professionals at over 3,000 organizations around the world -- including more than 2,000 law firms and 500 corporate legal departments -- rely on iManage to help them deliver great client work. Headquartered in Chicago, iManage is a management-owned company. For more information, visit us at https://imanage.com, on Twitter @imanageinc or on LinkedIn.
Dive Brief:
The Chronicle of Higher Education profiles the University of Maryland Baltimore County's improbable victory in the NCAA men's basketball tournament, which has helped a nation of attentive high school students and casual and rabid basketball fans discover the honors college's achievements beyond the hardwood.
UMBC officials credit the near-instant global exposure on social media and the chance to promote their academic strengths after defeating the University of Virginia Cavaliers as the biggest benefits of the historic March Madness win.
Cinderella stories have definitive benefits for winning schools. According to the Chronicle, first-year student applications at George Mason University jumped by 22% in 2006 following its run to the Final Four. "A Bloomberg analysis last year of other Cinderella stories offered more data to indicate short-term gains, at least, for the tournament's underdog winners. Colleges that upset teams seeded at least 10 spots ahead of their own rank experienced a median student-application increase of 7% in the following fall, compared with the previous year, according to Bloomberg, which examined five years of tournament results," the story says.
Dive Insight:
The anecdotes outline why colleges and universities at all levels should invest in athletics; they serve as advertising mechanisms which far outpaces cost when teams win and earn national attention for the same. But it's important to consider that investing in revenue-bearing sports can also create tension, or potential trouble in gender-equity issues between men's and women's sports, which in today's climate can reverse positive traction gained by winning teams.
Hiring the right coach, recruiting high-caliber talent with personalities that match the culture of the institution are the keys to winning attention and keeping it after the lights go out on a big win. It doesn't hurt when schools can leverage faculty and community buy-in to sports culture in different ways, like the University of Kansas did recently in promoting a faculty-created statistical model for predicting Final Four winners.
A warning is being sounded to drivers after an incident on the A24 near Horsham in which an object is believed to have been thrown from a footbridge.
Victoria Ayling was driving a Nissan X-Trail 4x4 along the road at around 11.20 am on Friday May 4 when her vehicle's perspex sunroof was shattered.
Police say they received a report that the sunroof “had been shattered by an object believed to have been thrown from the footbridge between Tesco and Tanbridge House School where it crosses the A24 at Broadbridge Heath, Horsham.
“The object could not be found and there were no confirmed sightings of anyone on the footbridge at the time. No one was hurt.”
Victoria, from Ockley, said she wanted to warn people about what had happened. “It was quite scary.”
Chris Froome's Team Sky squad for the Giro d'Italia has been named as the Briton seeks a third successive Grand Tour win.
The 32-year-old's participation in the Tour of Italy, which begins in Jerusalem, Israel on May 4 and concludes in Rome on May 27, is under scrutiny.
Froome is seeking to prove his innocence over an adverse finding for elevated levels of salbutamol at last year's La Vuelta.
As the asthma medication is a specified substance, he can continue racing.
Froome, who denies wrongdoing, faces a ban if he cannot explain the readings and a ruling in the case is widely expected in June.
Froome won a fourth Tour de France last July and became the first British winner of the Tour of Spain last September.
He is seeking to add the Giro's pink jersey to his list of achievements and become the reigning champion in all three of cycling's Grand Tours at the same time.
Organisers RCS Sport on Tuesday announced Froome would be joined in Team Sky's eight-rider squad by Vasil Kiryienka of Belarus, Germany's Christian Knees and Colombia's Sergio Henao – all of whom helped Froome win the Tour last July.
Ireland's Philip Deignan, Wout Poels of Holland, Spain's David de la Cruz and Salvatore Puccio of Italy have also been named in Team Sky's provisional line-up for the 101st edition of the race.
“The Giro is a whole new challenge for me and a new motivation for me too,” Froome said on teamsky.com after finishing fourth at the Tour of the Alps last week.
“It's a huge challenge to target the Giro d'Italia after winning the Tour and Vuelta last year and it's a huge motivation for me to go for my third consecutive Grand Tour win.”
Three other Irishmen are poised to join Deignan in the race: Nicolas Roche (BMC Racing), Sam Bennett (Bora-Hansgrohe) and Ryan Mullen (Trek-Segafredo).
Share it:
Don't Miss
ROME (AP) — Italian police have dismantled an international ring trafficking in what prosecutors allege are thousands of ancient artifacts illegally excavated in Sicily.
Maj. Luigi Mancuso, in Palermo for the Carabinieri paramilitary art squad, said Wednesday that investigators allege that the digs were commissioned by a London art dealer, William Veres, 64, who was served with an international warrant.
Twenty Italians were arrested in Italy, one in Spain, and one in Germany.
Mancuso said Veres had been arrested in 2017 in Spain in an unrelated investigation by the Carabinieri art experts.
Advertisement
Some 20,000 objects recovered included ancient coins, statues and pottery, as well as fake artifacts.
Police say many objects were smuggled into Germany, where they were falsely labeled as legitimate and offered by auction houses in Munich.
CONCEPCION Building and Industrial Solutions, the commercial unit of listed holding firm Concepcion Industrial Corp. (CIC), said on Friday it has changed its corporate name to Alstra.
Advertisements
“As the commercial arm of CIC, we have embarked on an organizational transformation to make sustainability and efficiency a business priority across businesses, giving birth to Alstra,” Alstra Group Director Rajan Komarasu said.
“Developments in the company's systems and technologies have allowed for to rename to Alstra, which promises better services for all its clients and business partners,” he added.
“We are excited to share with you more information once we finalize the ongoing deals that will lead to the expansion of the company's service offerings to system controls and the Internet of Things, which are very much in line with our commitment to a more sustainable and efficient building industry.”
Among the brands that complement the end-to-end solutions of Alstra are Carrier, Otis, and Toshiba.
Another vehicle fire has occurred in the city and the Timmins Police Service confirmed the fire is being regarded as suspicious.
Timmins firefighters were called out to a property at 104 Father Costello Drive around five oclock Tuesday morning to find a 2004 Nissan Pathfinder that was burning. The vehicle was parked behind an older abandoned home that had been boarded up. The vehicle could not be seen from the street.
There was no one living in the house and no injuries were reported. The flames from the vehicle fire caused some damage to the siding on the abandoned home.
A spokesman for the Timmins Fire Department said the vehicle was destroyed. The fire was reported as burning “very fast”, said fire prevention officer Rock Rice.
When asked if this meant an accelerant was used to fuel the fire, Rice said he could not comment.
“This is still under investigation by Timmins Police Service, so I cannot say,” said Rice. He said it is believed the vehicle belonged to a nearby homeowner, who had parked the Nissan on the neighbouring property for several months.
A comprehensive investigation is underway involving the efforts of the Timmins Police Service Criminal Investigations Division and Forensics Identification officers who are attempting to determine the origin of the fire,” said a news release issued by Timmins Police Service.
Anyone with relevant information is asked to call the Timmins Police Service at 705-264-1201 or by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 to provide information in regards to this matter.
Several weeks ago, another vehicle fire in Schumacher revealed that a local man had been killed. The body of Kirk Thurston Jr. was discovered in a burning car on May 18.
Another man from Schumacher, Richard “Ricky” Green was arrested and charged with second degree murder in connection with Thurston's death. That case has yet to go to trial.
In April, Timmins residents were shocked to learn that a family of four persons died as the result of an apparent murder-suicide that was discovered when a burnt out vehicle was found on Price Township Road. The bodies of a father, a mother and two teenaged children were discovered at the scene of that incident. Timmins Police Service is not seeking any suspects in that incident.
The clinical commissioning groups in Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Luton, together with the East of England Ambulance Service (EEAST), have continued to make good progress to put in place a reliable transport service for patients that use the service.
Transport services have been working well, with patients picked up on time and attending their outpatient appointments.
A spokesman for the health groups said: “It is usual for there to be fewer outpatient appointments at hospitals at the weekend.
“Nevertheless, we have obtained a list of appointments so we have a clear picture of when transport is required over the weekend and on Monday.
“This has ensured we have sufficient staff and transport capacity available, as well as to transport patients home when they are fit to leave.
“As a precautionary measure, we have arranged for the contact centre to be open over this weekend in case patients need to talk to someone urgently about existing transport arrangements.”
The number is 01603 481208 and will be open 8am to 6pm with an answer machine service operating outside of these hours.
Air traffic control (ATC) is a service offered by ground-based air traffic controllers who direct aircraft on the ground and through controlled airspace along with provision of advisory services to aircraft in non-controlled airspace. Global air traffic market is projected to grow significantly in coming years owing to factors such as demand for better airspace management, modernization of airports and increased air traffic across the globe. However, high cost of air traffic control equipment might hinder the market growth. Satellite based air traffic control would provide lucrative opportunities for the market in coming years. Asia-pacific is estimated to witness the highest growth rate owing to rapid expansion of airports within the region.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-traffic-control-market/request-sample
Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on application, type, sector, system, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the air traffic control market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the air traffic control industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Market Segmentation
By Application
Communication
• Navigation
• Surveillance
• Automation
By Type
Greenfield
• Brownfield
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-traffic-control-market/request-customise-form
By Sector
Defense
• Commercial
By System
Hardware System
• Software Solutions
By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the air traffic control market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on air traffic control market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Access Report Details @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/air-traffic-control-market
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
The trapeze-artist wife of daredevil Nik Wallenda says she'll be tethered to a helicopter when she hangs from the aircraft by her teeth as it flies over Niagara Falls.
Erendira Wallenda discussed her plans for the stunt during a news conference Wednesday morning on the American side of the Falls.
Wallenda's stunt is planned for Thursday, the fifth anniversary of her husband's televised tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada.
Erendira Wallenda says she plans to hold on by her teeth and her toes while on a Hula Hoop-type device suspended from the helicopter as it flies above the Falls.
Five members of the famed Wallenda circus troupe fell from a high-wire in Sarasota, Fla., in February while practising an eight-person pyramid. Everyone survived.
A new surface coating developed by Kripa Varanasi and his team causes water to bead up on the inner surface of a pipe rather than spreading out. This prevents the formation of ices that could lead to a clog in an oil pipeline or well. CREDIT: Image courtesy of the researchers.
On 21 April 2010, when there was a disastrous explosion and blowout in the Deep water Horizon oil rig which led to the worst ever oil spill, the operators of the well anticipated that the leak can be blocked within just a few weeks. On 9 May 2010, the operators triumphantly lowered a 125-ton containment dome on top of the broken wellhead. If that step had been successful, the leaking oil would have been funneled into a pipe carrying the oil to a tanker ship above, thereby blocking the ongoing leakage which rendered the spill highly catastrophic. However, why the containment did not work as anticipated?
The reason was the presence of an icy mixture of methane and frozen water, termed as methane clathrate. Due to the high pressure and low temperatures at the sea floor, the slushy mixture aggregated in the inner side of the containment dome and obstructed the outlet pipe, thus hindering it from redirecting the flow; but for the presence of methane clathrate, the containment would have worked, and unstoppable leakage and large-scale ecological devastation for four months would have been averted.
At present, a group of scientists from MIT have found out a solution for averting such catastrophic outcomes of an oil spill. The invention can also prevent blockages in the inner side of oil and gas pipelines that can cause expensive shutdowns for clearing a pipe or, even worse, cause pipeline rupture due to build-up of pressure.
The innovative technique for preventing the icy build-up has been reported in a paper by associate professor of mechanical engineering Kripa Varanasi, postdoc Arindam Das, and recent graduates from Taylor Farnham SB '14 SM '16 and Srinivas Bengaluru Subramanyam PhD '16. The paper has been published in ACS Applied Materials and Interfaces.
The solution offered by the new system is to coat the inner side of the pipe with a layer of a material that fosters the spreading of a water-barrier layer along the inner surface of the pipe. The researchers discovered that the barrier layer has the ability to effectively arrest the adhesion of water droplets or ice particles to the wall, thus preventing the build-up of clathrates that slow down or block the flow.
Researchers at MIT have developed a coating that could stop the buildup of hydrate ices that slow or block oil and gas flow. These hydrates are potentially explosive and are largely responsible for the initial failure to contain the oil spill that rocked the Gulf of Mexico in 2010. (Melanie Gonick/MIT)
In contrast to potentially polluting and costly techniques such as depressurization, heating of pipe walls, or applying chemical additives, which were used earlier, the new technique is entirely passive—once it is commissioned, the technique avoids the need for further addition of material or energy. The liquid hydrocarbons that already occur in the flowing petroleum are attracted by the coated surface, thus forming a thin surface layer with the ability to naturally repel water. This primarily avoids the adherence of ices to the wall.
Varanasi stated that the prevalent measures for preventing blockage, called as flow assurance measures, “are expensive or environmentally unfriendly,” and at present, the application of these measures “runs into the hundreds of millions of dollars” every year. In the absence of these measures, the build-up of hydrates can reduce the flow rate, reducing the income. Moreover, stated Varanasi, if the hydrates cause blockages, then that “can lead to catastrophic failure.” “It's a major problem for the industry, for both safety and reliability.”
According to Das, the lead author of the paper, the problem can become further complicated as methane hydrates that are abundant in various locations such as continental shelves are considered to be a new potential fuel source, if techniques for extracting them are devised. “The reserves themselves substantially overshadow all known reserves [of oil and natural gas] on land and in deep water,” stated Das.
However, deposits such as these might be more vulnerable to plug formation and freezing when compared to the prevalent oil and gas wells. Putting an end to such icy build-ups crucially depends on preventing the adherence of the very first particles of clathrate to the pipe: according to Farnham “Once they attach, they attract other particles” of clathrate, and the build-up starts to occur very quickly. “We wanted to see how we could minimize the initial adhesion on the pipe walls.”
The technique is identical to the one used in a company established by Varanasi to enable commercial production of research from his lab, related to coatings for containers that prevent the contents such as ketchup, honey, paint, or agrochemicals from being adhered to walls of a container. The system includes two steps: the first one is to form a textured coating on the walls of the container, and the next is to add a lubricant that gets trapped in the texture and averts adherence of the contents.
Varanasi explained that the new pipeline system is identical to that, but here “we are using the liquid that's in the environment itself,” in contrast to applying a lubricant to the surface. He further stated that the most significant property with respect to clathrate formation is the occurrence of water; therefore, the build-up of clathrates can be prevented by keeping the water away from the pipe wall. Moreover, the liquid hydrocarbons in the petroleum get adhered to the wall due to the chemical affinity of the surface coating, thereby effectively keeping water away.
“If the oil [in the pipeline] is made to spread more readily on the surface, then it forms a barrier film between the water and the wall,” stated Varanasi. The researchers reported that in the investigations conducted in the laboratory using a proxy chemical for methane (as actual methane clathrates form only under high-pressure conditions difficult to reproduce in lab), the system was found to be highly effective. “We didn't see any hydrates adhering to the substrates,” stated Varanasi.
The Italian energy company Eni S.p.A. funded the study, through the MIT Energy Initiative.
Travis Air Force Base in California went into lockdown on Wednesday afternoon due to a "security incident," according to the installation's Facebook page.
"Travis Air Force Base is currently responding to a real world security incident," the post states. "More details will be released as they become available."
It continued, "The public is being asked to stay away from the base to ensure emergency responders can respond accordingly."
The base posted a separate security alert on Twitter ordering employees and residents to "Shelter in place. Lock doors/windows. Await further info. Follow Travis Facebook page for updates."
There was confusion online and on the installation after early reports indicated a security drill was scheduled to take place.
Calls to the base's public affairs office weren't immediately returned.
The installation is located in the greater San Francisco Bay area and falls under the control of the Air Force's Air Mobility Command.
-- Editor's note: This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
-- Brendan McGarry can be reached at brendan.mcgarry@military.com. Follow him on Twitter at @Brendan_McGarry.
Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli jails began a hunger strike on Monday in response to a call by prominent prisoner Marwan Barghouti, widely seen as a possible future Palestinian president.
Palestinians termed the open-ended strike a protest against poor conditions and an Israeli policy of detention without trial that has been applied against thousands since the 1980s.
Israel said the move by the prisoners, many of whom were convicted of attacks or planning attacks against Israel, was politically motivated.
The protest was led by Barghouti, 58, a leader of the mainstream Fatah movement of the Palestine Liberation Organization, serving five life terms after being convicted of murder in the killing of Israelis in a 2000-2005 uprising.
The strike, if sustained, could present a challenge to Israel and raise tensions between the two sides as the 50th anniversary of the Israeli occupation of the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip approaches in June.
Israeli troops and settlers pulled out of the Gaza Strip, now run by Hamas Islamists, in 2005, but peace talks on the creation of a Palestinian state collapsed with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in 2014.
In an opinion piece in the New York Times on Monday, Barghouti said a strike was the only way to gain concessions after other options had failed.
"Through our hunger strike, we seek an end to these abuses ... Palestinian prisoners and detainees have suffered from torture, inhumane and degrading treatment and medical negligence. Some have been killed while in detention," he wrote.
FIELD HOSPITAL
Israel denies Palestinian inmates are mistreated and Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan said the Barghouti-led protest was "prompted by internal Palestinian politics and therefore includes unreasonable demands".
Palestinian officials said some 1,500 inmates affiliated with all political factions including rival Fatah and Hamas were taking part in the protest. An Israel Prisons Service spokesman said some 1,100 inmates at eight jails had joined the strike.
Almost 6,500 Palestinians are being held in 22 Israeli prisons, said Qadoura Fares, head of the Palestinian Prisoners' Club that advocates on behalf of the inmates.
The Prisoners' Club said a main demand was for Israel to halt detention without trial for some 500 Palestinians currently being held, and for an end to solitary confinement.
The strikers also want better medical treatment and that disabled inmates or those suffering chronic illness be freed, access to more television channels and more phone contact with relatives and more family visits.
The strike prompted a large rally in Gaza and a protest broke out near the occupied West Bank town of Bethlehem where Palestinian demonstrators clashed with Israeli forces.
Palestinians consider brethren held in Israeli jails as national heroes. Long-term mass hunger strikes by Palestinian prisoners are rare, but in past cases of individual inmates who stopped eating for weeks, detention terms were shortened or not renewed after they were hospitalised in critical condition.
Erdan said a field hospital would be erected next to one prison - an apparent move to pre-empt transfers to civilian medical facilities, which could draw wider media attention.
Abbas, 82, said in a statement that efforts would continue to secure prisoners' freedom. He condemned what he called Israel's intransigence in the face of "fair" prisoner demands.
Thumb Credit: Reuters
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nine points from West Bromwich Albion 's first seven games is a reasonable tally, yet feels a little underwhelming.
Maybe because the Baggies dropped four points by blowing leads late on in two home games.
Maybe because Albion are now without a win in six games in all competitions.
Or maybe because it feels like a missed opportunity with the fixture computer having been pretty kind early on. It is what it is.
But there's a definitely a sense of deflation and that despite sitting pretty in tenth, Albion could, and should, be higher up the table.
History suggests West Brom's next two games might be a springboard for a run of good results.
Next up are away fixtures at Leicester City on Monday, October 16, and Southampton five days later.
Those with long-ish memories will recall Albion won those corresponding fixtures last term.
But those wins were almost worth more than three points because they became catalysts for Albion's campaign.
The Baggies extended their unbeaten record at the King Power with one of their finest performances of the entire season.
Goals from Matt Phillips and the returning James Morrison capped a thoroughly deserved win last November that set Albion off on a run of four wins and a draw in six games.
The one defeat came courtesy of a late Diego Costa goal at Stamford Bridge.
That sequence of results pushed Albion into the top half and gave the players belief they could remain there.
The comeback win at St Mary's on New Year's Eve was arguably even more of a watershed moment.
Hal Robson-Kanu announced his arrival that day - some four months after his actual arrival.
The Welshman played his part in an excellent team goal, finished by Phillips, that came from nowhere and somehow saw Albion, wretched for much of the first half, level at the break.
Robson-Kanu scored a screamer in a much improved team display after the interval to earn what amounted to a deserved victory.
A victory that pushed the Baggies into eighth and launched a run of five wins, two draws and just one defeat - at title-chasing Tottenham.
Albion remained in eighth until an awful winless run caught up with them in the very last week of the season.
It's hardly desperate right now, but it does feel as though the Baggies need a shot in the arm.
The next two games might just provide it.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Macquarie to complete £1.5bn sale of stake in Thames Water
LONDON – Billionaire Anil Agarwal faces investor resistance to his $1-billion bid to buy out minority shareholders in Vedanta Resources and take the London-listed Indian miner private.
Vedanta, chaired by its 64-year-old founder Agarwal, on Monday announced that its independent board directors were prepared to back an 825p-a-share bid from Agarwal's family trust, Volcan, to acquire the 33.5% of the company that it does not already own and delist the group.
Advertisement
Under the proposal, Volcan would spend £778-million ($1-billion) buying out minority investors in a deal which would value Vedanta as a whole at about £2.35-billion.
But a large minority shareholder in the mining group told Reuters the bid was too low and that his investment firm will raise concerns about the deal with Vedanta's independent directors.
Advertisement
"We think that this offer is very opportunistic and massively undervalues Vedanta," said the shareholder, who declined to be identified.
"It's the worst possible time for minority shareholders to be taken private," he said, adding that he believed Vedanta was worth between £11 and £12 a share.
It follows a warning from Barclays analysts on Monday that the bid by Indian industrialist Agarwal was "opportunistic" and may encounter "some resistance from minority shareholders."
Agarwal, who started out as a scrap metal trader, has expanded Vedanta into a natural resources group with operations spanning oil and gas, metals, including iron ore mining and aluminium smelting, and power generation.
It was listed in London 15 years ago and owns just over 50% of India-listed Vedanta, which has a market value of about $12.5-billion, and a controlling stake in Zambia's Konkola Copper Mines (KCM).
Taking the London-listed company private would help to simplify the complicated corporate structure behind Agarwal's business interests.
Volcan's bid comes after Vedanta shares, which rose above £11 in February last year, fell to their lowest level in a year last week, closing at 632.4p on June 25 in London, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The stock has slumped following a deadly incident in India in May, when police fired on protesters seeking the shutdown of a Vedanta-owned copper smelter, killing 13.
The large minority shareholder told Reuters that Volcan's bid did not reflect Vedanta's prospects and potentially positive catalysts for the share price.
These include the arrival of a new CEO, Srinivasan Venkatakrishnan, in August and the KCM business starting to turn cash flow positive, the investor said.
A spokesman who acts for both Vedanta and Volcan declined to comment.
Vedanta shares were above the level of Volcan's bid on Tuesday, closing up 1.3% at 828.4 pence.
As well as 825p-a-share in cash from Volcan, minority investors will also be entitled to receive the dollar-denominated dividend the miner is due to pay next month, which will take the total consideration to 856p-a-share at exchange rates on Friday, which was the last trading day before Volcan's bid was announced.
Volcan has until July 30 to make a firm offer and expects to include a 90 percent acceptance condition, which it could waive at its discretion.
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
"We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway," Nixon said in a video announcing her candidacy . "We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us."
Nixon has her work cut out for her. A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her by 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats, but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
Advertisement
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus-minus 4.0 percentage points.
Nixon has in recent months given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run "bluer" in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely "the anti-Trump party."
It's a left-flank strategy that has had success against Cuomo in the past — nearly unknown liberal activist and law professor Zephyr Teachout garnered a surprising 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic primary.
"It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense," said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo. Her video shows her walking her young daughter to school as she talks about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo on, she took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: "For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country."
More recently, she has been delving into issues of keen interest to New York City, the main blue stronghold in a state where suburban and rural towns upstate tend to run red.
One of those issues is transportation policy, which contributed to a plunge in Cuomo's popularity last July amid his "summer of hell" forecast for New York City commuters facing ongoing transit breakdowns and delays.
The 60-year-old Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon's candidacy. But recently, he mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
"Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor," Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. "If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race."
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for her Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy "Sex and the City," her star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
"Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country," Pollock said.
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former "Law and Order: SVU" actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
"She can't be the celebrity glamour girl," he said. "She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate."
A man has been jailed after he kicked, struck and dragged his partner by her hair.
Some of Siobhan Roberts' hair was found on the floor after she was attacked by Jack Edward Stokes, 20, at Daniels Drive in Ruabon.
Police received a report at 12.50am on July 26 of screaming coming from a flat and that a man was assaulting a woman.
Stokes, of Prices Lane in Wrexham, was walking up and down in front of the flat when police arrived at about 1am.
Rhian Jackson, defending, told Wrexham magistrates the officer saw Miss Roberts “crying hysterically”.
She found it difficult to speak to the officer but eventually said that Stokes had punched and kicked her to the face.
A friend who was with her added that Stokes had been dragging Miss Roberts by her hair.
The friend confirmed that hair found by officers belonged to Miss Roberts and had been pulled out during the attack.
Miss Jackson added the officer went out to speak to Stokes by the flat door, but he ran away when told he was going to be arrested.
He was found and handcuffed on Ruabon Road shortly afterward before being arrested and taken into custody.
But he became aggressive towards officers on arrival and had to be taken to the floor.
Fearing the arresting oficer would be assaulted, a colleague restrained Stokes and he was taken back to the custody vehicle.
Miss Jackson added Stokes was searched and officers found a grinder with cannabis inside it.
Miss Roberts did not make a complaint, had attended court with Stokes and there was no restraining order application.
In interview Stokes denied assault but admitted drugs possession, magistrates heard.
But at a previous hearing he pleaded guilty to assault by beating, obstructing a constable in the execution of duty and posession of a class B drug
Magistrates heard Miss Roberts sustained a small graze on her nose and a mark on the right side of her face.
Probation officer Rachel Woodock said that when interviewed Stokes initially tried to blame alcohol for the offence, and also apportioned some blame on Miss Roberts.
But when prompted he showed some responsibility for his actions and it became evident that his troubled childhood, where he witnessed domestic violence, had influenced his behaviour.
He accepted smacking Miss Roberts and pulling her hair, but denied kicking her.
He had trust issues and showed controlling and coercive behaviour, Miss Woodcock said, but it was to his credit that he now abstained from alcohol.
Stokes “fully expected custody”, magistrates heard, and expressed willingness to engage with the probation service on release.
It was disappointing that Stokes put himself back before the court, Miss Woodcock said, adding that custody might offer Stokes a chance to reflect on his actions.
But Miss Woodcock said Stokes posed a high risk of causing Miss Roberts serious harm and it was worrying that the couple wished to rekindle their relationship.
Andrew Holliday, defending, said that it was “quite understandable” that probation would recommend custody given Stokes' record, and he had explained the “near inevitability” of custody.
Mr Holliday pointed out the link betwen alcohol and Stokes' offending.
He also asked magistrates to consider Stokes' guilty plea and that probation service work on the relationship, which clearly needed intervention, would be escalated on Stokes' release.
It was unfortunate that Stokes had got himself into this situation after securing work as a warehouse operative, but Mr Holliday asked magistrates to keep custody as short as they could so that he might retain his job.
Magistrates jailed Stokes for 80 days for assault, and 21 days each for obstruction and drugs possession, to be serviced concurrently.
A further 14 days (consecutive) was added for failure to comply with post sentence supervision, making a total of 94 days – half
to be served in custody and the rest in the community. He must also pay a £115 surcharge on his release.
- Above is the latest WWE Network Pick of the Week with Asuka promoting her new WWE Network Collection. The Empress of Tomorrow says the RAW division is not ready for her and every Superstar in the division needs to watch her Collection to see their future. The undefeated Superstar is set to make her main roster debut at WWE TLC on October 22nd.
- WWE has a new poll asking fans who they would be more scared to step inside Hell In a Cell with - Shane McMahon or Kevin Owens. As of this writing, 52% have voted for the SmackDown Commissioner.
- New WWE 205 Live Superstar Kalisto is currently in Barcelona for WWE 2K18 promotional events. He will appear at the Games World convention on Saturday. He tweeted the following while traveling to Spain:
iPad ready, Nintendo Switch ready, music and a toast to Barcelona ready, Nos vemos pronto amigos! #KalistoEnBarcelona #WWE2k18 pic.twitter.com/2tjUPYIZE6 — KALISTO (@KalistoWWE) October 5, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The assassination of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 50 years ago this June fractured the nation just two months after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. and five years after his brother John F. Kennedy was killed. jaw
But RFK's funeral, particularly the train that took his body from a memorial service in New York City to his resting place at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia, brought the country together in a new, unprecedented way: An estimated 2 million ordinary Americans spontaneously gathered beside railroad tracks to honor him as the train passed by.
An exhibit at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, "The Train: RFK's Last Journey," displays 21 of the 1,000 unique color slides made by photographer Paul Fusco on June 8, 1968. The images captured America's grief in a way that was unusual in photography, by seeing the events through the eyes of ordinary people.
The photos show Americans of all colors and classes. Catholic schoolgirls, field hands, firemen, blue-collar workers and housewives in their bonnets create a tableau of those who came to say farewell to the man many knew simply as "Bobby."
Advertisement
Some climbed fence posts to get a better view. Some saluted. Others stood rock-ribbed straight. Some waved American flags or handmade posters: "So Long Bobby." Others turned from work to see what all the fuss was about as the maroon train car holding his coffin rolled by.
Fusco, at the time a staffer for Look magazine, made the images from his unique position aboard the funeral train en route to Arlington. He said he was astonished when the train emerged from a New York City tunnel to see hundreds of people gathering beside the tracks. At times he used a panning motion to isolate certain people and scenes, creating a blur around the edges of the images.
The exhibit also shows the importance of the day for those who were there, through a collection of personal images sought out by Dutch artist Rein Jelle Terpstra, who became fascinated with Fusco's photos and launched a research project in 2014 to collect pictures and films from the observers who watched the funeral procession go by. Among the most striking is a carefully labeled photo album collage decorated with red, white and blue construction paper.
The moving exhibit also includes a 70 mm film reconstruction of the day by French artist Philippe Parreno, complete with the haunting sound of a train clacking through fields and cities.
So many people came to say goodbye to Bobby Kennedy on June 8, 1968, that the train slowed and the journey took nearly twice as long as usual, nearly eight hours to travel a typically four-hour route.
Kennedy, a U.S. senator from New York, was running for president and had just won the California primary when he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles by Sirhan Sirhan. Kennedy died June 6, 1968.
"RFK's Last Journey" is on display at the museum through June 10.
It's finally draft week. There is time for one final writer mock draft.
So here we go:
Round 1
It's difficult to imagine a world where five quarterbacks don't come off the board before the Arizona Cardinals make their first-round selection.
All the talk this week leads me to believe that Lamar Jackson is valued by the NFL, and that he very well could be off the board. This, coupled with Steve Keim's recent comments about not feeling pressure to get a quarterback make it appear that, unfortunately, Arizona will likely not be drafting a quarterback in the first round.
Sure, it's possible they trade up to get one, especially if the rumors are correct they really like Josh Allen and Baker Mayfield. It does seem more likely they would trade down, but it would appear difficult to find someone willing to trade up. That would likely be for a quarterback the Cardinals would want or for a high-caliber player that Arizona might also covet.
On that note, the good news is that if five quarterbacks do indeed go before Arizona selects, it increases their odds of getting a possible star player to fall to them — someone like Minkah Fitzpatrick, Denzel Ward, Tremaine Edmunds, or Roquan Smith.
Assuming that it doesn't work out quite that way either, Arizona has a wealth of options. They could go with Calvin Ridley or DJ.. Moore at receiver, Isaiah Wynn or Will Hernandez or even James Daniels along the offensive line interior; Josh Jackson or Jaire Alexander at cornerback. These are all great possibilities.
The solution seems to keep coming back to fortifying the trenches: it's what appears to bring Wilks and Keim together. And there's one man to do the job
The pick: Mike McGlinchey, OT, Notre Dame
Apple's “Shark Tank”-like reality show “Planet of the Apps” features Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Will.I.Am.
Apple Music is developing a “Shark Tank”-like reality show called “Planet of the Apps” where people pitch apps to Gwyneth Paltrow, Will.I.Am, and Jessica Alba. It'll hit Apple Music sometime this spring.
Minister for Defence Paul Kehoe, together with the Deputy Chief-of-Staff of the Defence Forces, Maj-Gen Kieran Brennan, and several other senior officers and defence officials are currently on a nine-day trip to the Middle East.
They are combining St Patrick's Day events in several places with visits to a number of United Nationspeacekeeping operations in which Ireland is playing leading roles.
On Monday, commemorative events marked the start of something that has had a major, and continuing, impact on the Defence Forces – Unifil, or the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon, an interim force that now has a 40-year history.
In March 1978, members of Fatah, the Palestinian National Liberation Movement which was part of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, entered Israel from southern Lebanon and began a spate of killings by murdering an American tourist on a beach.
They then hijacked two buses and, in the ensuing carnage with Israeli security forces, 38 Israeli civilians, including 13 children, were killed and 76 wounded. Three days later, on March 14th, Israel invaded Lebanon to clear out their enemy, from the Israel/Lebanon border north to the Litani river.
The UN Security Council went into emergency sessions, and on March 19th adopted resolutions that called for a ceasefire and Israeli withdrawal, and the setting up of Unifil. The first troops arrived on March 23rd; the Irish took up positions in May and have been there since.
Four decades
Wreath- laying ceremonies and speeches in Tibnin and Naqoura, involving Mr Kehoe and Maj-Gen Brennan, are important for the families of those who died over those four decades – 47 in all, 18 of them through hostile action against UN peacekeepers.
The events are also significant for the current Irish contingent – 336 Irish men and women of the 111th Infantry Battalion who began their tour of duty last November and will be coming home in May.
And it was being an important moment too for Maj-Gen Mike Beary, the Irish officer who is Unifil force commander and head of mission – a job that has him in charge of a force that is in some respects larger than the one from which he comes back home. Unifil had 10,838 military personnel, plus 817 civilian employees, seven warships, nine helicopters, 15 hospitals and a budget of $489 million.
In Unifil's 40 years, over 32,000 individual tours of duty have been served in southern Lebanon by Defence Forces personnel.
“It was hugely important in the Defence Forces, certainly to my generation,” says retired Colonel George Kerton, of the Irish United Nations Veterans' Association.
We wanted to play our part on the world stage, and so we sent a full battalion to the Lebanon, the 43rd Infantry Battalion
Looking back, Col Kerton sees the Defence Forces' embracing of UN overseas duties in the context of the Troubles in the North. For most of the 1970s an Army career meant long periods of Border duty and other tasks assisting the Garda Síochána – the Defence Forces' “aid to the civil power” imperative. While not diminishing any of those tasks, they were nonetheless limited in scope and appeal.
Opportunities
Then came Unifil and, although the mission followed others in the Congo, Cyprus and Egypt, it is instructive to note that Irish participation in the UN Emergency Force II's deployment in Sinai ended in July 1974 in the wake of the Dublin and Monaghan bombings.
In the late 1970s, Unifil reopened a world of possibilities for the keen soldier.
“It opened up a lot of opportunities. It reinforced the need for recruitment,” says Col Kerton. “We wanted to play our part on the world stage, and so we sent a full battalion to the Lebanon, the 43rd Infantry Battalion.”
He drew professional satisfaction from the fact his “basic training for conventional warfare could be adapted for humanitarian and peacekeeping purposes”. While men and women signed up for different reasons – for soldiering, for adventure and for economic reasons in some cases – most also wanted “to serve the State, at home and abroad”.
Col Kerton saw service several more times in Lebanon, in 1979/80, in 1985/86 and again in 1997/98, while he also served with the UN in Western Sahara in 2000 and in Bosnia in 2005.
Unifil is intimately connected with Untso – the United Nations Truce Supervision Organisation. Headquartered in Jerusalem, Untso was set up in 1948 to oversee implementation of the truce between Israel and its neighbours in the war that followed the UN's 1948 declaration of the state of Israel, which came under immediate attack.
About 150 soldiers from multiple nations work with Untso, including 12 from Ireland.
Military observers
The organisation runs two groups of unarmed military observers in observation posts at flashpoints. One group works in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights with Undof, the UN disengagement observer force, to which Ireland contributed the Force Reserve Company, the other works with Unifil.
Capt John Forde is currently stationed with Untso in Tiberias on the shore of Lake Galilee, and works mostly in an observation post on a line between Israel and Syria. “On a daily basis we do a series of static patrols and inspections.”
Capt Forde watches for ceasefire violations – from the every serious to the routine and inconsequential. But, as a measure of the effect of overseas service on morale, it is seeing colleagues in the Force Reserve Company, the Irish-run rapid support service for the unarmed observers, that really boosts him. One day he may need their help.
“Whenever you see the guys rolling up and deploying, really slick with their drills, it does give you a sense of pride,” he says. “And it's also the fact that other nations, from Canada to New Zealand, compliment our people and their capabilities – that gives you a great sense of pride too.”
National character
Asked what does he think the Irish bring uniquely to peacekeeping, he instances a mix of national character and training.
“What they bring is a common sense, a real practical skill. They are measured in how they act, and they bring an applied sense of responsibility. That's a real complement to their training.”
Unifil's 111th Battalion will be packing their kit bags in a few weeks for the return home. Already their replacement, the 112th, are well into their training.
Industrial company Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA) has signed an agreement to supply metals miner Vedanta Limited with bauxite from its mining operation in Guinea from 2019.
EGA's wholly-owned subsidiary Guinea Alumina Corporation (GAC) is building a bauxite mine and associated export facilities in Guinea.
Advertisement
First bauxite exports from the $1.4-billion GAC project are expected during the second half of 2019.
Once fully ramped up, GAC is expected to produce about 12-million tonnes a year of bauxite.
Advertisement
EGA CEO and MD Abdulla Kalban said much of Guinea's bauxite is among the highest quality in the world.
“When GAC starts production, it will be a new source of high-quality bauxite for the world's aluminium industry, benefiting the economies of Guinea, the United Arab Emirates and countries such as India.”
EGA supplied Vedanta with three sample shipments of bauxite from GAC in 2017 to enable testing of the ore in Vedanta's alumina refinery. The sample shipments totalled about 150 000 t.
EGA will ship the bauxite from Guinea to India using Capesize vessels.
EGA is also building an alumina refinery in Abu Dhabi to refine bauxite ore into alumina, which is the feedstock for aluminium smelters.
Make working through the heat just that little bit more bearable with a few simple tips.
With weather in many parts of the country continuing to sizzle, it seems like everybody is making the most of the warm temperatures. Everybody, except those working indoors.
While the possibility of the heatwave lasting for at least one more week thrills many, many office workers are faced with the unpleasant prospect of completing a dozen tasks while sweltering on through the heat.
Too. Hot. To. Function. Can't concentrate, daily headache, fractious, grumpy. If you work in an air conditioned office your opinion/disagreement is entirely invalid. — Liz Henwood (@Pipsissiwa) June 26, 2018
I began work two hours early today to beat the heatwave, but its just past 1pm and already too hot to concentrate! Setting the alarm back again for tomorrow.. — Jonny Platt (@jonnyplatt) July 2, 2018
Here's how to make sure you work productively through the hot weather.
1. Dress appropriately
Before you've even left for the office, prepare yourself by wearing light, loose clothing. If you really must wear your smartest attire, wear a different set of clothes for the journey so that you don't overheat on your way to work.
2. Freeze your water bottle
It's essential to remain hydrated in the hot weather and nothing is more refreshing than chilled water. Before going to bed, fill up a bottle of water and put it in the freezer to take to work with you the next day. By the time you're sat at your desk, the ice should have melted and you'll be grateful for that cool drink to carry you through the morning. Take a spare bottle for the journey.
3. Avoid caffeine
Although you may flinch at the idea of going without your morning coffee, caffeine could make you feel hot and jittery in the summer heat and affect your productivity. Swap caffeinated drinks for a healthy smoothie during the heatwave.
4. Wind down the blinds
As much as everyone enjoys natural sunlight in the office, windows can turn your workplace into a greenhouse. Shut the blinds to prevent your office from direct exposure to the sun. It should also help to prevent the temptation of bitterly gazing through the glass at everyone sunbathing outside.
5. Get yourself a desk fan
With the heatwave expected to last at least one more week, it could be worth investing in a desk fan to help you deal with the heat. A constant source of cool air will come a long way when there are tight deadlines to meet.
6. Refresh often
If you feel too hot, take a moment to wash your hands and splash some cool water over your face for instant relief. Dampen a hand towel and rest it over your neck for a few minutes if necessary – though take care not to drench your work clothes.
7. Schedule in some sun on your lunchbreak
Summer is the time really step away from your desk and use your lunchbreak. Soak up the rays (in moderation) at the nearest park or perhaps even organise an alfresco meeting. Ultimately, it might be so warm that your stint outdoors convinces you that really the best place to be on the hottest day of the year is within the confines of your office.
Standard lunchtime behaviour at Finsbury Sq ☀️ A post shared by Dom H (@donnychristian6) on Jul 2, 2018 at 8:06am PDT
© Press Association 2018
GENEVA: Working outside an office may spare you from commutes and interruptions by colleagues but it also makes you more vulnerable to unpaid overtime, stress and insomnia, the UN said Wednesday.
A new report from the United Nations International Labor Organization studied the impacts of working remotely, with technological advances continuing to revolutionize conceptions of the workplace.
Based on data taken from 15 countries, the ILO found that employees were more productive while outside of a conventional office but noted it also brought risks of “longer working hours, higher work intensity and work-home interference.”
The report drew distinctions between employees who regularly work at home, highly mobile people constantly working in different locations and those who split time between an office and another site.
All three of those groups reported higher stress levels and more incidents of insomnia than those who always work at their employer's premises.
For example, 41 percent of highly mobile employees said they felt some degree of stress, a figure that was 25 percent for office workers.
A full 42 percent of people who always work from home or from multiple locations reported suffering from insomnia, compared to 29 percent for people who work at their employer's site.
Overall, there were clear risks linked to “the encroachment of work into spaces and times normally reserved for personal life,” the report said.
But co-author Jon Messenger encouraged employers to try letting staff work offsite part time.
“Two to three days working from home seems to be that sweet spot”, he told reporters in Geneva.
There is evidence that people need some face-to-face contact with colleagues, but there are times when physical isolation and autonomy offers the best scenario for successfully completing a task.
In some contexts, notably including India, evidence suggested that employer's were reluctant to let their staff work remotely because “it involves ceding an element of control” which makes “managers feel threatened”, Messenger said.
ILO urged governments to develop policies for governing evolutions in workspace, calling attention to a new French labor code provision that enshrines “the right to be disconnected” and a growing practice among some companies to shut down servers to stop emails during designated rest times and holidays.
The ILO report was co-authored by the Dublin-based research group Eurofound and incorporated data from 10 European Union countries, as well as Argentina, Brazil, India, Japan and the United States. AFP
AFP/CC
Worries about the potential for a US-China trade war and frustration over President Donald Trump's steel and aluminum tariffs will dominate the G20 finance ministers' meeting in Buenos Aires, starting on Monday and also including the countries' central bank heads.
It comes just two days before Washington will slap import duties on steel and aluminum of 25 percent and 10 percent respectively, with a number of countries scrambling for last-minute exemptions.
Read more: EU, Japan, other US allies ask for tariff exceptions
Edwin Truman, a former Treasury and Federal Reserve international policy official now with the Peterson Institute for International Economics believes US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will get "an earful" of pleas urging to be left out.
"Mnuchin is going to be playing defense in his comments and he'll put the best face on it that he can," Truman told the news agency Reuters.
As US President Donald Trump appears determined to follow through on his campaign pledge to dismantle "unfair" trade relations based on World Trade Organization (WTO) rules, the finance ministers are likewise set to take on the Trump administration, said a source close to the negotiations. "The situation is such today that they will not be able to not speak about it. The question is how far we can go," the source told the news agency AFP.
Watch video 26:00 Share Trade War: Trump against the World? Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uOeu Trade War: Trump against the World?
Chinese rumblings
However, the US treasury secretary is also expected to use the meeting to win consensus on how to combat China's trade practices. Apart from higher tariffs on global steel producers, Washington is reportedly also weighing broader anti-China tariffs and investment restrictions as part of a US intellectual property probe launched last year.
US plans to impose punitive tariffs worth $60 billion on Chinese products from the IT, telecoms and consumer products sectors, have raised worries that retaliation from Beijing could unleash a tit-for-tat trade war choking off global trade and growth.
Read more: US trade groups warn against higher tariffs
Already Beijing has warned that there will be "no winner" in a trade war between the world's two largest economies. "[A trade war] can only harm others and hurt oneself," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said Friday. "I believe there is no doubt about this, and we should not take any chances."
Watch video 01:17 Share EU threatens US with tariffs on popular products Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2tuL6 EU threatens US with tariffs on popular products
Obsolete agenda
The looming trade war is likely to eclipse other burning issues on the G20 agenda, including the taxation of the world's tech giants. The "tax optimization" practices of the likes of Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple are regularly a source of friction between the US and its allies.
But while G20 members Britain, France, Germany and Italy are pushing for a revenue-based tax on the US tech giants, Washington has said it "firmly opposes" any new tax on big tech.
The EU unveiled a proposal last week that would tax technology companies somewhere between two percent and five percent, based on overall revenue in the EU and not just on profits.
Read more: EU prepares revenue-based tax on US tech giants
During the meeting, the ministers were also expected to discuss greater regulatory oversight of so-called cryptocurrencies, which some see as necessary given the huge fluctuations in the value of bitcoin and other digital currencies in recent months.
Communication differences
Despite major differences over global trade, the draft of the final communique doesn't mention the word protectionism. Instead, it includes a warning to countries not to "retreat to inward looking policies."
But several G20 officials, including the finance ministers from host country Argentina and Germany, said they would insist on maintaining G20 communique language emphasizing "the crucial role of the rules-based international trading system."
"We note the importance of bilateral, regional and plurilateral agreements being open, transparent, inclusive and WTO-consistent, and commit to working to ensure they complement the multilateral trade agreements," reads the phrase they want so see included. But it's unclear whether that language will stand.
At the first G20 meeting in Germany about a year ago, US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin pressed the group to drop a decades-old pledge "to resist all forms of protectionism." This was replaced with a watered-down pledge to "strengthen the contribution of trade to our economies."
Watch video 01:15 Share G20: Germany to pledge more public spending Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uZEi Germany's G20 stance
uhe/jd (Reuters, AFP, dpa)
Chinese conglomerate HNA group on Wednesday said that Wang Jian, the firm's chairman and co-founder, died during a business trip in the south of France.
Wang "accidentally fell causing serious injury, and attempts to rescue him were ineffective," the firm said in a statement.
"Together, we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him."
Read more: How dangerous are China's shadow banks?
The firm did not provide details on how he died. However, broadcaster France Bleu reported on Tuesday that a man fitting Wang's description had fallen more than 10 meters (33 feet) to his death while attempting to take a photo from a wall.
Local police officer Hubert Meriaux also said that "witness accounts point to a likely accident" in the case: "He stood on the edge of a sharp drop to get his family to take a picture of him and fell." However, Meriaux stressed that an autopsy was still pending.
Wang Jian had previously served as the company's chief executive
Evolution of a Chinese company
Wang co-founded the firm in 1993 as a small provincial airline serving the Chinese province of Hainan. Since then, it has transformed into a Fortune 500 company, operating China's four-largest airline and acquiring a 25-percent stake in Hilton Worldwide chain of hotels.
Last year, Beijing set its sight on HNA during a crackdown on risky financing, which had long fueled expansion for Chinese companies. The company has since sold off parts of its vast empire in aviation, tourism and financial services to manage its debt.
Read more: Will China's high debt levels spark a financial crisis?
HNA Group controls an 8.8 percent stake in Deutsche Bank. The company was listed 170 on Fortune 500 Global list in 2017 with $53.3 billion (€62 billion) in revenue.
ls/msh (AP, AFP)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Bethel's local homeless shelter is now homeless itself. The Winter House is trying to find the right place to house its residents, according to board president Jon Cochrane.
The shelter used to rent space from the Salvation Army, which closed its Bethel outpost earlier this year. Cochrane and other Winter House board members are appealing to the local government, non-profits, and any businesses that own properties in town for help. The program is looking for a property downtown so that people in need don't have to travel as far to get help. For Bethel's homeless residents, the Arctic's brutal winters can be life threatening.
"The first year that I was here," Cochrane said, "we had temperatures with wind chill that were approaching 60 below. And there were five or six fatalities that year."
When they don't have a safe place to go, Cochrane said, homeless men and women "couch surf" when they can.
"Otherwise it's in cars and under buildings," he said. "Sometimes places that are abandoned, sometimes places that are very dangerous.
"We've had a lot of fires in town where people have crawled under a building to get warm and light a little fire. And next thing you know, we have a building burning down."
The Winter House has already found an emergency location for the shelter, but it's less than ideal and a fallback at best. One way or another, says Cochrane, the Winter House will open its doors as scheduled on December 1, or a little earlier if we suffer a cold snap.
In addition to helping the Winter House find a new home, Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta community members can help the program by giving money, volunteering to cook meals, and donating goods like dry socks and winter boots.
According to Cochrane, Bethel's homeless community could easily include many of us. Some of the men who stay at the Winter House have substance abuse issues, he said, "but we also have people who are homeless because they've lost a job. And we have people who aren't necessarily homeless, but they flew in for medical care and got weathered in. A hotel room's $250 a night here," added Cochrane. "Your average person from a village doesn't have that. And if YK doesn't have room in their hostel, and they don't happen to have family in town, they're stuck."
In addition to the homeless shelter, Cochrane also discussed Bethel's burgeoning food bank, which he and other community members are trying to get off the ground. Food insecurity can be a serious problem in the YK Delta. According to Cochrane, the entire Lower Kuskokwim School District qualifies for the free lunch program. Cochrane and his team hope to start a monthly food distribution program, and their goal is to found a Bethel regional food bank in the next few years.
The Crusaders have moved quickly to cover the departure of Pete Samu, signing Italian-based No.8 Whetu Douglas for the next two Super Rugby seasons.
Whetu Douglas makes a run against the Blues. Source: Photosport
Douglas will return to the team where he made a bright, if brief, impression last year.
The abrasive 27-year-old stood out in five starts at No.8 before departing for Italian club Treviso.
"Not only am I excited to be playing in New Zealand and in the Super Rugby competition, I am excited and honoured to be joining the Crusaders and Canterbury for the next two years. The history of excellence in this region I believe, is the best fit for me to reach my full potential as a professional rugby player," he said.
"I am grateful for this opportunity, and my family and I look forward to joining the Christchurch community soon."
Crusaders coach Scott Robertson hopes to harness the athleticism of the former Maori All Blacks forward, whose raw potential he believes is still untapped.
"Whetu was a standout player in our 2017 season. He joined the squad as injury cover, slotted in to our team environment effortlessly and became a crowd favourite very early on.
"He's the ultimate team man - humble and hardworking – and he holds great Mana among our group. Whetu has a phenomenal attitude and a real willingness to dig deep for his teammates, so we're excited to have him commit for the next two seasons, and look forward to having him back in a Crusaders jersey in 2019,” Robertson said.
Douglas effectively replaces Samu who will leave at the end of the current campaign after signing with the ACT Brumbies from next year.
Relatively early in his career, French native Stephane Bocket decided to invoke four words that many American sports figures have declared following major victories: "I'm going to Disneyland." But Bocket didn't jet off to California or Florida; he went to work as a server at Disneyland Paris.
"I'd already completed my compulsory military service and had also worked awhile at a fine dining restaurant in northern France," he said. "At Disneyland, I was promoted, first to bartender, then to assistant manager at one of the resort's bars. I was responsible for the stewarding service of the biggest hotel of the resort and its convention center."
But Bocket missed the atmosphere of traditional restaurants and took a position at a small, refined eatery that faced Notre Dame de Paris. When that restaurant's owner sold the establishment, he worked at Alain Ducasse in Paris.
"It was Ducasse that brought me to the United States. I worked for Alain Ducasse at the Essex House Hotel in New York City," Bocket said.
And then he found the place that has been his professional home ever since. "I joined Chez Catherine in Westfield as captain, then as maitre d'hotel, and in 2016 I assumed ownership, along with my partner Michael Cowan."
No Johnny-come-lately to French fine dining, the restaurant has a long heritage. Established in 1979, it was operated by original owner Catherine Alexandrou until 2003. She sold to Didier Jouvenet who maintained her successful formula -- quality, classic recipes, respect for customers, personalized service, and willingness to work with customers on special requests. "Given the availability of ingredients and enough advance notice, we would attempt to make virtually anything a guest asks for," Bocket said.
"We are still at our original location, 431 North Ave. West," he added, noting receipt of many awards of excellence through the years, including "best French restaurant" from New Jersey Monthly. "This year," he says, "FiOS1 featured us on its 'Restaurant Hunter' program."
Nevertheless, the new owners acknowledged the need for a spruce-up, so in March of last year, they closed the doors for three weeks. During this relatively short span, Bocket said, the HVAC system was completely updated, walls were renewed with plaster and paint, carpets were changed, and a suspended ceiling with LED lighting was installed. The decor is intended to represent Provence, with an emphasis on earth tones and pastoral scenes, but with an overall brighter appearance than before.
"We also made minor upgrades in kitchen equipment and hired Robert Madden as maitre d' and manager of the front of the house. And we redesigned the downstairs dining room to reflect the look of a wine cellar," he said.
New dishes also have been added to the menu, but not at the expense of established favorites such as the escargots and Dover sole. The souffle, meanwhile, has been altered by the use of fruit or different types of alcohol.
Other popular selections include: foie gras, chocolate mousse and a floating island. "These dishes are French by definition, making generous use of butter and creme fraiche," Bocket said.
Chez Catherine's clientele is mixed, including couples seeking a bit of romance, as well as families and business people. Many, perhaps most, are regular visitors drawn not merely from Westfield but the surrounding communities, too.
Catered dinners are available for groups, Bocket said. "In our downstairs room, we can accommodate from 10 to 18 guests, and on the main floor up to 40. In addition to these private parties, we sometimes organize themed special events."
Alan Richman
Pranav Mohanlal, the star kid is all set to make his debut in the lead role, with the upcoming movie Aadhi. The project, which is written and directed by Jeethu Joseph, had recently started rolling in Kochi.
Now, the second schedule of the highly anticipated project has begun. Lead actor Pranav Mohanlal, director Jeethu Joseph, and the rest of the cast and crew members are currently busy with the second schedule shooting in Bengaluru.
Pranav Mohanlal is reportedly appearing in the titular character Aadhi in the movie, which is an action thriller which comes in the lines of Jeethu Joseph Memories. The movie depicts the story of Aadhi, who in search of a serial killer.
Aadhi, which will not have a romantic track will feature Anusree, Alamara fame Adithi Ravi, and Lena, in the main female characters. According to director Jeethu, all the three actresses are playing equally important roles in the movie.
Siddique will appear in the role of Pranav's father. Satheesh Kurup is the director of photography. Anil Johnson composes the songs and background score. Ayoob Khan handles the editing. Aadhi is produced by Antony Perumbavoor, under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas.
FILE - In this Oct. 12, 2017, file photo, Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong is escorted by police officers as she arrives for a court hearing at Shah Alam court house in Shah Alam, outside Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Huong, accused of killing Kim Jong Nam, the North Korean leader's estranged half brother told police she realized she had been used to murder him after she was detained, her lawyer said Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Sadiq Asyraf, File AP Photo
14th June, Mumbai : Last year, the world experienced the appointment of Donald Trump as the President of the United States of America and the Referendum of the United Kingdom to exit from the European Union, popularly known as BREXIT. Even as demonetisation hit India in November 2016, the Indian Stock Markets nose-dived in a knee-jerk reaction but recovered sharply in early 2017 to reach all-time highs.
With the passing of the GST (Goods and Service Tax) Bill in the Parliament and expectations of implementation from July 1, 2017; all hopes have centred on the boost this could give to the Indian economy as a result of ‘One Nation, One Tax' and seamless movement of goods and services across state borders. The impact of each of these events on Financial, Currency and Commodity Markets have been predicted by Sunil Kewalramani in his Fourth book titled, ‘2017 Outlook for Stocks, Oil, Gold, Bonds, Currencies, Trump Presidency, Brexit, Frexit, Italexit and German Elections' which is published and released by Notion Press.
This book contains the author's predictions on global stocks, bonds, commodities and currencies for the year 2017, and is based on the research he carried out over a period of twenty-five years. All essential factors have been weighed in while predicting this, such as movement in Oil prices, Change in Inventory levels, Rise/Fall in Productivity, Economic turmoil and Political situations in countries that will be conducting elections this year.
Sunil Kewalramani's book presents a clear scenario of the events that will follow, rather than trying to predict movements in financial, commodity and currency markets based on cause and effects of hypothetical scenarios. This book also analyzes the recent announcement made by Blackrock that they will rely on Robots for a portion of their investment management business, replacing fund managers to do Stock Selection.
Even the dates when Heavy Downfall in Stocks could take place (19th June 2017 to 16th September 2017) have been foretold, as it would help buyers choose and invest wisely. Contradictory to the popular notion that the US market would crash post presidential election, the market is on an all-time high and stocks were stable for 109 days without even a single percentage of decline. The predictions for Wall Street in this book have been detailed using the trends and figures from the past twenty-five years. The impact of Brexit on world economy and after-effects of French presidential election are also detailed in this Book.
An Author, Keynote Speaker and Professional consultant for Diversified Multinationals, Mutual Funds, Insurance Companies and High Net Worth Individuals; Sunil Kewalramani holds an MBA from Wharton Business School, USA, a CPA from the USA, CA from India and has multiple degrees in Finance, Law and Accounting. He has consulted across the globe for several corporates, including leading investment banks. Sunil has written for the Economic Times, Business Standard, Mint, Financial Express, Strategic Management Journal and most leading financial newspapers.
Sunil Kewalramani has been frequently interviewed on TV channels such as Bloomberg, ET Now and Btvi. A financial expert with a knack for accurately predicting world events, his forecasts even include the end of The Great Financial Crisis in March 2009, Oil crash of 2008, US electoral results in 2016, Crash in Silver in May 2011, Crash in Gold Prices in June 2012 and The Greek financial crisis in 2009.
Currently, he works as a Chief Investment Officer and Chief Research Strategist at Global Money Investor and he believes that this book will serve as a guide for investors, fund managers and stockbrokers alike. The book is available on Amazon, Flipkart and all leading other e-commerce websites. Do read the book for an insight into the yearly forecast of Stocks, Bonds, Currencies and Commodities for 2017 and make the right investment, hence getting the best bang for your buck.
The Annual Senior Picnic will be held on Monday, August 14 from noon – 2:00 pm, rain or shine. Entertainment by Sharon Jensen and her “Voices In Time” vocal Group of Youngsters. The event is free to senior citizens, but you must register in advance. Call 508-763-8723 to reserve your space!! All monetary donations are greatly appreciated.
If any local residents require transportation, again call the Rochester Senior Center at least 24 hours in advance.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Sports Turf Seed Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Hancock Seed, Pennington Seed, The Scotts Company, Barenbrug Group, Turf Merchants, Green Velvet Sod Farms, Bonide, Jonathan Green, Pickseed, PGG wrightson Turf.
The Sports Turf Seed Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Sports Turf Seed industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sports-turf-seed-market/10138/#requestforsample
The Sports Turf Seed Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Sports Turf Seed Market Products Type Segmentation : Cool Season Grass, Warm Season Grass.
Sports Turf Seed Market Applications Segmentation : Landscape Turf, Golf Turf, Others.
Key Highlights of the Sports Turf Seed Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sports-turf-seed-market/10138/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Sports Turf Seed market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Representatives from local organizations share how funds were used for a variety of projects
Representatives from the organizations who received grant funds from the Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise Charitable Foundation attended the Sept. 14 Rotary meeting to share how the funds were used.
Part of the criteria is that the funds be used for projects that are long-lasting and serve a wide spectrum of the community.
Below is a brief recap of the grantees:
» City of Santa Barbara Parks & Recreation's West Beach wading pool. Funds helped provide lifeguards to open the wading pool, which was used by 1,700 children in six weeks.
» Isla Vista Youth Projects for after-school programs. The grant helped provide summer school classes in math, science and physical education.
» Storyteller Children's Center, a pre-school for homeless children during the work day. Funds helped remodel the kitchen by providing a new dishwasher.
» Sansum Clinic's Camp Wheez, a day camp for asthmatic children. Two canopies were purchased to provide cover from the weather during camp time.
» Child Abuse Listening & Mediation (CALM) for family help against child abuse. Funds purchased new toys for the counseling rooms, including doll houses, dolls and a play kitchen.
» Cottage Rehabilitation Hospital Junior Wheelchair Sports Camp, a weeklong sports camp. The grant paid for the awards lunch for the participants, their friends and family, and the volunteers on the last day of camp.
» Camp Whittier (Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County) for outdoor activity and team-building for youth and adults. RCSBS donated funds as well as teamed up with other Rotary clubs to develop a matching grant for the extensive kitchen remodel with equipment so the camp could remain open.
» SBCC Guardian Scholarship Program. RCSBS started a mentorship program for emancipated foster youth students at SBCC; funds went toward school supplies, backpacks and thumb drives.
» Girls Inc. used its grant to sponsor the “You Grow Girl” program.
The Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise meets at 7 a.m. Wednesdays at the Santa Barbara Club, 1105 Chapala St.
— Betsy Munroe is the public relations chairwoman for the Rotary Club of Santa Barbara Sunrise, which meets at 7 a.m. Wednesdays at the Santa Barbara Club, 1105 Chapala St.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — North Korea is flouting U.N. sanctions on oil and gas, engaging in prohibited ballistic missile cooperation with Syria and Myanmar, and illegally exporting commodities that brought in nearly $200 million in just nine months last year, according to U.N. experts.
The experts said Pyongyang is still able to access the global financial system through "deceptive practices combined with critical deficiencies in the implementation of financial sanctions."
And it continues to engage in "widespread conventional arms deals and cyber operations to steal military secrets," the panel said.
The experts report to the U.N. Security Council, obtained Friday by The Associated Press, said North Korean diplomats "continue to play a key role in the country's prohibited programs."
Advertisement
The council has imposed increasingly tougher sanctions against North Korea in response to its nuclear and ballistic missile tests. The latest resolution in December — in response to the launch of a ballistic missile that Pyongyang says is capable of reaching anywhere on the U.S. mainland — sharply lowered limits on North Korea's refined oil imports and authorized the inspection and seizure of ships suspected of smuggling banned items including coal and oil to and from the country.
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said sanctions now ban well over 90 percent of North Korea's exports reported in 2016.
But the panel of experts said the expansion of U.N. sanctions hasn't been matched by the "political will," international coordination, and allocation of resources to implement them.
"This year could represent a critical window of opportunity before a potential miscalculation with disastrous implications for international peace and security," the experts said.
According to the report, the panel investigated North Korea's ongoing ballistic missile cooperation with Syria and Myanmar.
It also investigated illegal ship-to-ship transfers of oil "comprising a multimillion-dollar business that is driving an international network of brokers and ship charterers as well as unwitting global commodity trading companies and oil suppliers."
North Korea also continued its illegal coal exports by combining deceptive navigation patterns, trans-shipment through third countries and fraudulent documentation "to obscure the origin of the coal."
The report said North Korea exported coal to China, Malaysia, South Korea, Russia and Vietnam in 2017 in violation of sanctions.
It said "a network of foreign traders responsible for violations of the coal ban operates through numerous front companies" registered in Australia, British Virgin Islands, China, Hong Kong, Marshall Islands, Samoa, Seychelles and the United Kingdom.
The experts said North Korea also exported $125 million of iron ore to China last year in violation of sanctions.
The Security Council has slapped sanctions on seven vessels for illegally transferring coal and petroleum. The panel said stepped-up efforts are "crucial to curb these rampant illicit activities."
The experts also cited "critical deficiencies" in implementing financial sanctions.
North Korean financial institutions, including banks which have been sanctions by the council, "maintain more than 30 overseas representatives who live and move freely across borders in the Middle East and Asia, where they control bank accounts, facilitate transactions and deal in bulk cash," the report said.
The experts said North Korea is also exploiting "a key vulnerability" which has enabled the country "to easily create front companies offshore in Asian financial centers where they leverage assistance" from other nationals and use the firms to open accounts and move money worldwide.
The panel said its investigations highlight the activity of intelligence agents and other individuals acting on behalf of sanctioned North Korean entities who operate bank accounts in Europe and the Asia-Pacific "and use diplomatic passports and diplomatic-plated cars to cross land and air borders with less scrutiny."
New Delhi [India], October 6 (ANI): The Goods and Service Tax (GST) Council on Friday raised the composition scheme threshold for businesses to Rs. 1 crore, which will allow them to pay a tax of 1 per cent to 5 per cent, without having to deal with a three-stage filing process.
The decision was taken during the 22nd GST Council meeting, which was chaired by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in New Delhi.
The impact of the GST on trade, and its transition issues were discussed in the meeting held earlier today.
The panel decided to give an option to taxpayers to avail the composition scheme if their turnover is less than Rs. 1 crore as against the previous limit of Rs. 75 lakh.
Under the composition scheme, the tax rate for traders of goods will be 1 per cent, 2 per cent for manufacturers and 5 per cent for restaurants and suppliers of food or drinks.
The GST Council also announced tax relief for exporters.
"The tax refunds to exports will start from October 10. There will be a nominal 0.1 per cent GST applicable on exports," the finance minister announced, in a media briefing here, on Friday.
The small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with an annual turnover of Rs. 1.5 crore will be allowed to file quarterly returns.
"Small businesses will also have to file monthly returns for three months - July, August and September - and the switchover to quarterly filing will happen from the cycle starting October 1," Jaitley added.
"Every exporter will now get an e-wallet. In the e-wallet, there would be a notional amount for credit. The refund they will eventually get will be offset from that amount. The e-wallet will be introduced from April next year," Jaitley added.
He further said that the reverse charge mechanism for transactions between registered, unregistered business has been deferred till March 31, 2018.
The Finance Minister added that the pattern of collection [of the GST] is not clear after two months, because it was a period of transition.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, earlier on Wednesday, had also assured that the glitches would be fixed, in an hour-long speech on the Indian Economy.
Meanwhile, the GST on few other items was reduced.
Jaitley said the GST on khakra and unbranded namkeen has been reduced from 12 per cent to 5 per cent. The tax on zari work, unbranded ayurveda medicine has been reduced from 12 to 5 per cent.
The GST rate on some stationery items, diesel engine parts has also been reduced to 18 per cent from the earlier 28 per cent. (ANI)
RAYTOWN, Mo. — A man taken to the hospital after being hit by a car while crossing the street Thursday has died, police say.
Reginald Early, 67, was crossing Gregory Boulevard around 9:07 p.m. when a 41-year-old man traveling along Gregory Boulevard in a vehicle hit him.
Early was transported to an area hospital where he later died from his injuries.
Police say they do not suspect excessive speed or alcohol contributed to the crash.
If you have any information that could help police in their investigation, please call (816) 737-6112.
As the global transportation & logistic industry observes convergence through adoption of data-centric solutions, predictive analytics & simulation software are likely to be in great demand in the future. As a measure to improve efficiency of transportation operations, predictive analytics and simulation software use the captured data to determine patterns, and show future outcomes & trends related to transportation. Apropos the report published by Future Market Insights, rising number of connected vehicles will also be a key booster for adoption of transportation predictive analytics & simulation solutions. Since vehicle connectivity is on an upsurge, several automakers have modified their automotive offerings by instating features such as sensors and advanced tracking systems enabled with engine diagnostics.
According to Future Market Insights' report, connected cars are capable of generating information regarding traffic flow, engine performance, etc. in real time. This data can be extracted using transportation predictive analytics and simulation, thus providing better analysis of transportation authorities. In terms of value, the global transportation predictive analytics and simulation market was valued at US$ 1,550.0 Mn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 3,916.6 Mn by 2027-end. During this forecast period, the market will reflect robust growth at a CAGR of 8.9%.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2075
Increasing vehicular traffics witnessed across the globe, and the earnest need for saving costs through cost-effective data solutions, and thereby rendering operational efficiency in logistics sector are also observed as key drivers for growth of global transportation predictive analytics & simulation market. In the report, titled “Transportation Predictive Analytics & Simulation Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” North America is projected to remain the largest market for transportation predictive analytics and simulation solutions North America's transportation predictive analytics and simulation market will account for 35% of the market revenues by 2027-end. The region will also register the fastest revenue growth at 10.5%, while Japan and the Asia-Pacific excluding Japan region will reflect growth at more than 9% CAGRs.
The report emphasizes on how predictive analytics can help companies to maximise revenue and minimise transportation costs by predicting customer demand while dealing with any capacity limitations. They can help airline companies devise a business strategy such as adjusting flight schedules or flight fares during different demand periods, and help maximise revenues as well as increase customer satisfaction. In 2016, more than US$ 230 Mn worth of transportation predictive analytics and simulation solutions were deployed in airline transport sectors across the globe. Nevertheless, in the long run, roadways will remain the most crucial component of transport for adoption of predictive analytics and simulation solutions; global revenues from which will soar at 9.8% CAGR through 2027.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2075
Taking into account the rising use of microscopic transportation simulation platforms for infrastructure planning, more than one-third of global transportation predictive analytics and simulation revenues will be accounted by microscopic simulation throughout the forecast period. Demand for macroscopic simulation, however, is projected to witness marginal decline in terms of its global revenue share. The report also predicts that on-premise deployment models will lose traction, but will still dominate the market revenues. Meanwhile, cloud-based deployment of transportation predictive analytics and simulation in the forecast period will bring in over US$ 1,400 Mn in global revenues.
More than 90% of the global transportation predictive analytics and simulation market will remain dominated by software over services. And, the report has profiled leading developers of transportation predictive analytics and simulation software & solutions, which include, IBM Corporation, Xerox Corporation, SAP AG, PTV Group, Cubic Corporation, Space-Time Insight, Tiger Analytics Inc., T-Systems International GmbH, Predikto Inc., and Cyient-Insights.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/transportation-predictive-analytics-and-simulation-market
Katie Wright selects the best beachwear, whatever your size, shape or age.
As we creep ever closer to holiday season (yay!), you may have noticed – in the shops or on social media – that swimwear seems to be shrinking.
Cossies come with deep V-fronts and ludicrously high-cut legs, while bikinis are becoming even itsy-bitsier and teeny-weenier than ever.
That's all well and good if you're a Kardashian cast member or a leggy model (or both – looking at you, Kendall Jenner), but what if you don't want to flash your bum or sideboob or tan lines when you head off on hols?
The good news is, among this year's swim collections, there are actually a lot of amazing options for those of us who need a more few inches of Lycra and strings or straps to keep our bits in place.
From sleek swimsuits to flattering bikinis, these stylish pieces will make you look and feel amazing this summer…
Black bathing suits
We all know black clothes are super-slimming, and the same applies to swimwear, especially if you opt for a swimsuit that comes in a suck-it-all-in fabric.
Black mesh is also great for giving the illusion of a bikini but with more support.
(M&Co/PA)
M&Co Plain Black Tummy Control Stripe Swimsuit, £30
(Bluebella/PA)
Bluebella Aegean Swimsuit, £32
(Fat Face/PA)
Fat Face Phantom Textured Swimsuit, £38
High-waist bikinis
There's a reason high-waisted bikinis are so popular with plus-size fashion bloggers – they're fantastic for emphasising your waist and skimming over that lower midriff area that so many of us are keen to keep under wraps.
Floral patterns and cute ruffle details make these two-pieces even prettier.
(Simply Be/PA)
Simply Yours Halterneck Bikini Top, £26, and matching Strappy Bikini Brief, £16, Simply Be
(Boux Avenue/PA)
Boux Avenue Adelaide Sling Bikini Top, £30, and matching High-waisted Bikini Briefs, £18
(Navabi/PA)
Junarose Ruffle Detail Halterneck Bikini Top, £28, and matching Bikini Bottoms, £24, Navabi
Supportive bikinis
Blessed in the breast department? You're probably going to want to steer clear of soft-cup triangle bikinis.
Instead, look for bra-like tops with padded cups, underwiring and thick straps for ultimate support (and sexiness).
(Swimwear365/PA)
(Left) Curvy Kate Blue Stripe 'Ahoy' Halterneck Bikini Top £36, and matching Fold Over Bikini Briefs, £20; (Right) Curvy Kate Blue Stripe 'Ahoy' Balcony Bikini Top, £36, and matching Tie Side Bikini Briefs, £20, Swimwear365
(Figleaves/PA)
Figleaves Riptide Underwired Twist Plunge Bikini Top, £28, and matching Riptide Twist Brief, £18
(Lipsy/PA)
Lipsy Alice Bikini Top, £32, and matching Briefs, £20, Next
One-piece wonders
Combining candy colours and simple silhouettes, these bright swimsuits will help you channel modern pin-up glamour.
Look for wrap and drape detailing that skims and slims.
(JD Williams/PA)
Simply Yours Plait Bandeau Swimsuit, £35, JD Williams
(Seaspray/PA)
Seaspray Lagoon Ombre Draped Strapsuit, £78
(Matalan/PA)
Matalan Stripe Tie Front Swimsuit, £16
© Press Association 2018
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school Pause
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:45 Growing mushrooms near Oakdale
1:14 Why grow organic?
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
By Dan Lamothe
Iranian forces pointed a laser at an airborne US Marine Corps helicopter in an encounter that involved three US ships and was deemed "unsafe and unprofessional" by the Navy, US military officials said.
The incident occurred in the Strait of Hormuz, a heavily trafficked waterway off Iran's southern coast that connects the Gulf and the Gulf of Oman.
The amphibious assault ship USS Bataan, the guided-missile destroyer USS Cole and the dry cargo ship USNS Washington Chambers were maneuvering through the strait when an Iranian vessel pulled alongside the US ships, shining a spotlight on the Cole and then training a laser on a CH-53E Super Stallion helicopter flown by Marines from the Bataan, said Navy Commander Bill Urban, a US military spokesman.
Advertisement
"The Iranian vessel then proceeded to turn its spotlight on Bataan, scanning the ship from bow to stern and stern to bow before heading outbound from the formation," Urban said in a statement. "During the interaction, the Iranian vessel came within 800 yards of Bataan."
Navy Forces Central Command, which oversees US naval operations in the region, said the shining of the laser at the helicopter is what made them consider the incident unsafe and unprofessional.
"Illuminating helicopters with lasers at night is dangerous as it creates a navigational hazard that can impair vision and can be disorienting to pilots using night vision goggles," Urban said.
The incident was first reported by CBS News, which said two other incidents considered unsafe by US military officials have occurred since March. In one, the USNS Invincible, a ship equipped with sonar and radar, was forced to change course to avoid Iranian Revolutionary Guard fast boats that cut in front of the ship.
Two days earlier in March, an Iranian frigate came within 150m of the Invincible in the Gulf of Oman.
In the most serious incident this year, Navy officials reported in January that the destroyer USS Mahan opened fire with warning shots from a .50-calibre machine gun in the Strait of Hormuz after four Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps patrol boats performed "harassing" maneuvers.
One of the patrol boats travelled within 900m of the Mahan with a sailor manning its main gun, Navy Captain Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said at the time. The Mahan was traveling in formation at the time with two other US vessels, the amphibious craft USS Makin Island and the oiler USNS Walter S. Diehl, Davis said.
The January incident marked a return to volatile interactions after relative calm in the second half of 2016. Davis said the Navy counted 23 interactions in 2015 and 35 in 2016 that were considered "unsafe and unprofessional". The 2016 events all occurred in the first half of the year.
Share This: Doctor Who Recap: The Pilot, The Puddle, And The Professor Corrina
It's amusing to call the premiere episode of a series (especially one in the tenth season of it's second incarnation) ‘The Pilot', but it's fitting, too: Season 10 is new Companion Pearl Mackie's first. It's also Twelfth Doctor Peter Capaldi and showrunner Steven Moffat's last, and Moffat, who has been piloting the series since 2005, has kicked off his victory lap with a fan-pleasing episode heavy on clever references and one-liners (even when it's a bit light on plot).
But that's what a pilot is: all building blocks, introductions, and key reveals (eg. the TARDIS travels through space, through time, and right past the laws of physics—something Mackie's Bill takes slightly longer to realize than your average Companion). ‘The Pilot' serves up all this and Daleks, too. After some debate, the footage we saw last year introducing us to the Doctor's new sidekick ended up making its way into this season's debut after all.
The Doctor, posing as an extremely long-tenured professor at an imaginary university in order to guard… something, picks cafeteria employee Bill out of the crowd of bright young things auditing his lectures. She's not a student but she's obviously clever, so he offers to tutor her (everyday at 6pm sharp, tardiness not tolerated).
As Bill gets to know the Doctor, she's also getting to know one of her equally enigmatic classmates (to the tune of Joy Division's ‘Love Will Tear Us Apart'), a girl with a ‘star' in her eye and an obsession with a puddle at a nearby construction site. Soon, the girl (Heather), Bill, and the Doctor all realize that there's something wrong with the puddle—it doesn't reflect like a regular pool of water, it imitates.
After Heather and the puddle become one unified ‘Pilot', they/it goes on a mission to make Bill their ‘passenger'. They've got competition. The Doctor and Nardole (Matt Lucas is back in the TARDIS) aren't about to let Bill become an LAO (that's liquified alien object, FYI). Using the TARDIS, the Doctor puts this new ‘Waters of Mars'-esque, screaming puddle monster to the test, leading it on a time and space chase across the universe and 23 million years into the future—but even a Dalek war zone doesn't deter it.
In the end, BIll has to formally let her crush go—and the Doctor, just as formally, must decide to invite a new Companion into his life, setting aside his oath not to (framed photos of River Song and Susan Foreman chastise him from his desk). The episode ends with Bill stepping aboard the TARDIS to travel for the time being—whatever that means.
Five Questions About The Episode And Upcoming Season
1. What's in the vault? The Doctor's hidden something of great importance in the basement of a university building. He and Nardole have been monitoring and guarding it for decades, it seems. So, what is it?
2. The Doctor says he's on Earth for a reason and that he has promises to keep—what are they and who is he keeping them for?
3. That scene where Bill spots the Doctor's reflection in an old photo of her mother… Was it a Blade Runner reference?
4. The tear in Bill's eye after she says goodbye to the puddle that used to be Heather: Bill says it isn't hers…. Is Heather in there somewhere still? Will they see each other again?
5. Was Bill's nauseous reaction to time travel the most relatable and real reaction we've seen from a Companion when they're first introduced to the TARDIS' capabilities? We'd say say so.
The text messages between Vicki and her manager.
The text messages between Vicki and her manager. John McCutcheon
TWO women have been left jobless and confused after they were fired by text message, but the woman who let them go claims she was just "doing her job".
Vicki van der Meer and Julie Taylor were both employed casually at Beerwah Dental two weeks ago.
Julie had worked at the practice for 14 years and Vicki three. Both started there before new owners took over early this year.
UNEMPLOYED: Vicki van der Meer and Julie Taylor were sacked from their job by text message. John McCutcheon
The women said it was business as usual until June 14, when they noticed they had no shifts rostered for the coming week.
"When the new management took over we were told nothing would change," Julie said.
"So when we saw that our shifts had been cut we contacted the area manager.
The text messages between Julie and her manager. John McCutcheon
"She texted back saying she couldn't offer us any more shifts and told us to hand in our keys."
Julie said she was "shell-shocked". "It came out of nowhere," she said.
"I just sat there and stared at my phone... sure enough Vicki got the same message that day."
The owners of the Beerwah practice also own Divine Dental at Noosa and Woombye Dental.
Practice area manager Belinda Falk admitted to sending the text messages to Vicki and Julie and said she was following instructions from her boss.
Ms Falk said staff at the practice often communicated over text and at times was the only way staff could contact each other.
"There were ongoing issues involving communication and feedback, so after not being able to get in contact with them and then receiving a text message asking about the rosters, I decided to text them back.
"They are both casual workers and I didn't have to give them an explanation.
"At the moment all of the practices are experiencing a bit of a downturn in patients, so we can't have as much staff on.
"This meant I had to cut some hours from some people to share the shifts around."
Julie, 62, said she was likely to be unemployed for the rest of her life.
"I planned to keep working through retirement, because my husband needs a hip replacement and he can't work as much.
"It's just disappointing to find out this way, not even a phone call, just a text telling me I had to finish up after nearly 14 years.
"You get to know the clients, you form relationships and it's really sad. I'm friends with these people."
Vicki said she was looking for jobs elsewhere so she could afford to pay for her daughter's wedding in September.
"I'm not angry, but the way we were treated feels criminal."
Golf has been called many things – “an expensive way of playing marbles” (Chesterton), “an insult to lawns” (National Lampoon), “a plague invented by Calvinist Scots as a punishment for man's sins” (James Barrett Reston) and Twain's famous “good walk spoiled”.
The late and very great Arnold Palmer, unexpectedly, thought it a possible vehicle for world peace. Golf for him was a universal language brimming with the forging of new friendships and with deep and ancient traditions of honour, respect and personal accountability.
Eric Trump, the president's son, thinks so, too. In a New York Times interview, he praised his father's unusual capacity to make connections on a golf course, with Mar-a-Lago being the perfect venue for world diplomacy.
“If he could do that with Putin,” he said, “if he could do that with some of these horrible actors around the world who only want to compromise us as a country, and if he can make friends and they can trust one another, he just did something that not many presidents have been able to do.”
President Trump has already played a round with the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe. (Abe presented Trump with a $3,755 gold driver when he became president.) Golf is long established in Japan and Abe's grandfather played with Eisenhower. But China's Xi-Jinping came and went without lifting a club. Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu pointedly counted himself out from golf during a press conference with Obama. Could you entice karate black belt and bare-chested horse rider Vladimir Putin into plaid pants and tassled shoes?
Politicians can be wary of golf. “Photograph me on horseback? Yes,” wrote Teddy Roosevelt in 1908. “Tennis, no. And golf is fatal.” It's the frivolousness of it, the look of a childish pastime played by posh boys who know nothing of the world. Roosevelt's contrast with being on horseback is revealing. He might have thought golf not only insufficiently serious but also insufficiently masculine. The clothes work against you.
George W Bush could look manly in jeans and a Stetson clearing wood on his ranch, but the famous clip of him exhorting the world to stand up to terrorism, then declaring “now watch this drive” before striding to the tee, did him a lot of harm. Michael Moore put it in Fahrenheit 9/11. Bush soon stopped playing golf, or at least being seen to do so, as he didn't think it fitted with his role as commander-in-chief after the invasion of Iraq.
Even Trump, named “golfer-in-chief” by Golf Digest, repeatedly castigated his predecessor for “playing more golf than Tiger Woods”. “I'm going to be working for you,” he told Virginians during the campaign. “I'm not going to have time to play golf.” (According to the New York Times, he has visited a golf course 19 times in the past 13 weeks, compared with Bush Jr's and Obama's zero and Clinton's three over the same period of their presidencies; this is around double the rate of Obama's tally of just over 300 rounds over two terms.
Only one of Trump's golf outings appears to have involved “international diplomacy”. It's an ensnaring game. In China it's been called “green opium”. Trump as president has a rhythm of life continuity with Trump as businessman: weekdays at the city office, weekends at Mar-a-Lago and his nearby Jim Fazio-designed course at West Palm Beach, one of the state's best.)
There is a term in golf known as “the clerical 12”. It refers to a handicap of above-average proficiency, not so high as to be risible, but not so low as to indicate too much time spent away from the flock. It is a handicap meant for public consumption. Most declared US presidential handicaps have been of the clerical kind – Reagan, Nixon and Ford, 12; George W, Clinton and Kennedy, 10. All but four US presidents since the beginning of the 20th century golfed. Woodrow Wilson played more than 1,000 rounds, playing almost every day, and even, like Kipling, in the snow, using balls painted black.
Former US President Barack Obama prepares to putt on the 18th green as friend Greg Orme retrieves his ball at the Kapolei Golf Club. Photograph: Getty Images
The usual public explanation given for presidents taking to a golf course for numerous hours is their need for “relief from stress”. (This seems to me to be like betting on junk bonds, hang gliding or writing novels to relieve stress, though it is true there are those who take their golf easy.)
Trump or his son, or White House press secretary Sean Spicer, are innovators in their focus on golf as an arena for international diplomacy. Golf has certainly been associated with deal-making. It originally spread globally through Scots soldiers wishing to play their favourite game but, once established, the golf club tended to comprise the aspiring or established local elites. You could get on in business by joining.
They are like Masonic lodges in their concentration of economic and political power. There are several in England that are simply extensions of public school, where men can gather without women, eat the same food and call each other by the same nicknames as they did at school, while at the same time settling the interest rate or the privatisation of the rail service.
In Japan, golf became a ritualistic expression of corporate loyalty. There are some precedents for political deal-making by US presidents. Obama played with John Boehner, Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, in the hope of lifting deadlock, and Lyndon Johnson did the same with senators to get his civil rights legislation passed. Condoleezza Rice, now a member of the venerable Augusta National club, thinks golf useful for diplomacy, but only because it teaches patience and the acceptance of setbacks.
Can geopolitical deals be made on a golf course? There are obstacles. You have about four hours on the course together, but, even if the two global players are riding together in a buggy with an interpreter hanging on at the back, there are the constant interruptions of club selection, scorekeeping and searches for errant balls. But then there is the drink or lunch afterwards, and by this time humour has likely been exchanged, foibles and skills exposed, partners rooted for and opponents congratulated.
Golf would seem to have a near-magical ability to bring highly diverse people on to common ground. It does the same work as empathy without the need for an empathetic nature. There is something inherently disarming about it. Trump is said to excel at being good company on a golf course. He's generous, affable, solicitous and hospitable. He's usually the host, playing at a course he owns, and wants his guest to have a good time.
“Golf bears down on you and illuminates character,” Arnold Palmer said. “There's the expression in vino, veritas, and certainly golf, like alcohol, can bring out the true person that may otherwise be hidden.”
What does golf reveal about Trump?
He is likely to be the most skilful player of all US presidents, at least while in office. (Kennedy might have given him a run for it but for a bad back, and Franklin D Roosevelt won his club championship at 17, but was struck down by polio.)
You can watch Trump swing on YouTube. There is something about it of the elephant in a tutu trying to exercise a pirouette. He lurches back on a severely flat plane so that he is out of position at the top of his backswing, but then, through some innate athleticism, is able to clear the hips and make a long and effective extension through impact. He is said to have won 19 club championships and to possess a handicap of 2.8, which is seriously good – and also unlikely.
There have been no signed scorecards submitted since 2014, and even those that were show several rounds in the mid-80s. Rory McIlroy, following a round with him, would only say he was “a decent player for a guy in his 70s” and that he had shot “around 80”. There have been eccentric swings by good players – Jim Furyk's multiple parts and flying elbow, Eamonn D'Arcy's helicopter taking off – but they played every day. There would seem to be something wilfully delusional about the 2.8, like saying he is the leader of the greatest political movement his country has ever seen.
Trump takes pains to remind people how good at golf he is. In February, he interrupted a large meeting of CEOs to ask General Electric's Jeff Immelt to tell everybody about the hole-in-one he made, immediately after claiming: “I'm the best golfer of all the rich people.”
They all laughed and applauded. Trump took it in. “It's crazy,” he said, shaking his head. Unsolicited, he lists his club championships. He tweets about who he is playing with and who he can beat. All golfers have played with braggarts. It doesn't go well. It's boring, it's obnoxious. It creates a malodorous air. It's like bragging about sex. No one wants to hear about it.
Golf is the most existentialist of games. It turns on the same principles – the free act, the assumption of responsibility. Wherever you hit it, you put it there. You must play it as it lies and give an honest account. Without that, you are in bad faith, and the game becomes absurd because you have deprived it of its meaning. “The man who can go into a patch of rough alone, with the knowledge that only God is watching him, and plays his ball where it lies, is the man who will serve you faithfully and well,” wrote PG Wodehouse. Trump seems to concur.
“When you play golf with someone, you learn their honesty, you learn their competitiveness,” he has said. Several of these playing companions have given reports of the experience. Samuel L Jackson says that Trump cheats. Sports Illustrated's Mark Mulvoy and the boxer Oscar de la Hoya spoke of balls that had been in shrubs miraculously appearing in the fairway or close to the hole with no strokes added.
The sportswriter Rick Reilly said Trump gave himself not only putts but chip shots and that, on a cheating scale of one to 10, Trump would be an 11. When asked who the worst celebrity golf cheat was, Alice Cooper replied: “I played with Donald Trump one time. That's all I'm going to say.” Trump tends to respond by denigrating the accuser or saying he doesn't know them or that he doesn't cheat because he's so good he doesn't need to. It's a serious charge for a golfer. An English club player once bankrupted himself with legal fees trying to sue a fellow member who accused him of cheating.
It's a strangely self-defeating activity. A hustler might cheat to win a bet, but without a financial motive it's simply about winning on false pretences. “Cheating at golf,” as the late “Champagne” Tony Lema said, “is like cheating at solitaire. You only cheat yourself.”
What, then, would Putin learn from a round of golf with Trump? Perhaps that Trump is surprisingly convivial and generous, and that you can have a good time with him. But, if he heard the club championship list, saw balls dropped on to greens or was given phoney scores, he would also see someone of colossal insecurities and needs, who has to bathe in glories of his own invention in order to face the world, like an ageing mascara'd roué repeating before a mirror: “Look at me. I am Adonis.”
Putin may not need the game of golf. He has said that one of the benefits of martial arts is the training it gives in assessing an opponent's weakness. He may have seen these weaknesses long ago. Waclaw Radziwinowicz, former Moscow correspondent of Poland's Gazeta Wyborcza, has written that Russia wished for (and perhaps abetted) Trump's victory not so that Trump would be nice to them, but because his unpreparedness, illogicality and emotional instability would make the US weak.
Trump has said that the single most valuable piece of golf advice he had encountered was Ben Hogan's insistence on the importance of clearing the hips out of the way on the downswing. I had heard this myself. “Golf is all about getting out of the way,” a painter and very good golfer once said to me. True in golf, I thought, and in art and life.
But can a man who tweets against his enemies in the middle of the night, who starts each day by reading about himself, who boasts of achievements he has not accomplished, whose consciousness would seem to be so loud and his needs so heavy, ever get sufficiently out of his own way?
Golf is widely declaimed as elitist. Donald Trump has done his part in making this impression. He builds golf courses for the elite, prosecutes people who stand in their way and expresses his disgust for wind farms that spoil the view from his courses in Scotland.
“They're working so hard,” he has said, “to make golf a game of the people. They're cheapening it. I think golf should be a game that people aspire to through success.” But that's not how it started. Golf originated on what was then the cheapest land, the dunes by the sea. Sheep were the original greenskeepers. The Duke of York, later James II of England, played a money match against two English noblemen with a poor shoemaker named John Patersone as his partner. Fishwives played in a competition in Musselburgh in 1810.
Country clubs give golf a bad name just as established churches sometimes do to human spirituality. Golf is, in essence, the most democratic of games. The old and infirm can compete on equal footing with a pro through the handicap system. Public courses, at least in the English-speaking world, make golf affordable to almost anyone.
The postman on a bus with his clubs in Glasgow is equal to Trump as a citizen of the golf world. Even Che Guevara played. I have met a far wider variety of people through golf than through any other activity, including going to pubs. But I have not confined myself to courses with the name Trump in front of them. Perhaps he should get out and about more.
Guardian services
CHICAGO (AP) — The Latest on an appeals court decision not to toss the corruption case against former U.S. House Rep. Aaron Schock (all times local):
3:05 p.m.
Former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock's attorney says he is "disappointed" that an appeals court refused to dismiss the corruption charges against the Republican from central Illinois.
George Terwilliger said in a statement that Wednesday's decision by the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago "is not consistent" with decisions by other courts that examined similar cases.
Advertisement
The 7th Circuit said it doesn't believe appellate courts have authority to address the kinds of constitutional issues at the core of Schock's appeal before a trial takes place. Schock argued that prosecutors violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses by relying too much on rules the U.S. House drew up for its members.
Schock's attorney says he is "evaluating" options about further appeals. A trial date for Schock hasn't been set.
___
1 p.m.
An appeals court has refused to toss corruption charges against former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock, saying it can't assess whether his prosecution violated constitutional separation-of-powers clauses until after he goes to trial.
The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago says in its unanimous ruling Wednesday that it doesn't believe appellate courts have the authority to address such questions until after a verdict. No date has been set for the 36-year-old Schock's trial on 22 corruption counts.
The Republican from the central Illinois city of Peoria was indicted in 2016 on charges of misusing funds. He resigned in 2015 amid scrutiny of his spending, including to redecorate his Capitol Hill office in the style of the TV show "Downton Abbey."
A Schock spokesman didn't have an immediate comment.
Tennis teams take match
Close Doubles partners Richard Ashforth and Jannik Roettlingsberger won their doubles match 8-1 against Augusta University. Michael Hawkins Doubles partners Richard Ashforth and Jannik Roettlingsberger won their doubles match 8-1 against Augusta University.
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The 18th-ranked FMU women's tennis team swept all six singles matches as the Patriots defeated Augusta University 8-1 on March 10 in Peach Belt Conference (PBC) action, while the 27th-ranked FMU men won five of six singles matches to rally from a 2-1 deficit and beat the 47th-ranked Jaguar men 6-3.
The FMU women even their conference mark at 3-3 and improve to 7-5 overall, while the Patriots are 5-6 overall and 1-5 in the PBC.
In the men's match, seniors Richard Ashforth and Jannik Roettlingsberger won 8-6 at the No.1 doubles match, but the Patriots dropped the other contests to trail 2-1 heading to single play. Ashforth moved into sole possession of 11th place on the Patriots' career list for doubles wins with 43, breaking a tie with Dirk Bair (2009-2012).
After Ashforth lost in three sets to 12th-ranked Patrick Oliveira at the No.1 singles spot, FMU trailed 3-1. However, the Patriots won the remaining five singles matches to pull out the come-from-behind victory.
Sophomore Tarass Thevenaz won in straight sets at No.3, and Roettlingsberger won in three sets at No.2 to deadlock the match at 3-3. Junior Raul Madrid won in a marathon match at No.4, and freshman Harry Wells won in three sets at the No.6 spot to clinch the decision. Freshman Matheo Espinoza added a three-sets win at No.5 to close out the contest.
In women's action, 21st-ranked Samantha Koelliker and Marie Krueger won 8-1 at the No.1 doubles position, and junior Sofia Henning and sophomore Anna Wintrich captured an 8-4 decision at No.3 before Augusta won the No.2 match.
The Patriots won all six singles matches in straight sets, although freshman Theresa Hammerschlag needed a first-set tiebreaker to win at the No.5 position.
Koelliker is sixth in FMU program history for both career singles (56) and doubles (61) victories.
The following people have been sentenced at magistrates courts in the county:
Richard James Marlow
Duke Street, Kettering. Age: 38
On 30/04/2018 in Kettering, stole a pedal cycle; on 01/05/2018 in Kettering, stole a pedal cycle; on 02/05/2018 in Peterborough, stole a pedal cycle to the value of £70; on 18/04/2018 in Market Harborough, stole a pedal cycle to the value of £599; on 25/04/2018 in Market Harborough, stole a pedal cycle to the value of £250; on 02/05/2018 in Kettering, stole a pedal cycle to the value of £300; on 14/03/2018 stole whiskey, to the value of £70, from Sainsbury's, Market Harborough; on 19/02/2018 stole whiskey, to the value of £46, from Sainsbury's, Market Harborough.
Plea: Guilty. Jailed for 52 weeks, two other offences admitted and taken into consideration.
Trevor Martin Smyth
High Street, Rothwell. Age: 30
On 30/10/2017 without lawful authority, used violence for the purpose of securing entry into premises in Irthlingborough, knowing that there was someone present on those premises who was opposed to the said entry.
Plea: Guilty. Discharged conditionally for 12 months, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £20, costs of £85.
Steven Paul Heaton
Bassetts Court, Wellingborough. Age: 43
On 20/03/2018 stole batteries and power banks, to a value of £107.82, from B & M, Wellingborough; on 26/04/2018 failed without reasonable cause to surrender to custody at Northamptonshire Magistrates' Court, having been released on bail.
Plea: Guilty. To have treatment for drug dependency as a non-resident for six months, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £105.
Rory James Walker
Dayton Street, Rushden. Age: 39
Between 14/04/2018 and 15/04/2018 in Rushden pursued a course of conduct which amounted to the harassment of a woman and which you knew or ought to have known amounted to the harassment of her in that you rang her several times, left numerous voicemails and turned up at her home address and place of work.
Plea: Guilty. To participate in Building Better Relationships programme for 50 days, carry out unpaid work for 60 hours, restraining order prohibits defendant from 1) contacting victim by any means; 2) going to a named street in Rushden 3) going to a named petrol station in Rushden. This order lasts until 08/05/2019. To pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85.
John Charles Davison
Fitzwilliam Street, Rushden. Age: 62
On 11/04/2018 in Rushden, assaulted a man.
Plea: Guilty. Fined £400, surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85, knife to be forfeited and destroyed.
Mark Roberts
Rockingham Road, Kettering. Age: 38
On 30/03/2018 without lawful excuse, in Kettering damaged a touch screen till, internal walls, window pane and a television to the value of £1,500, intending to destroy or damage such property or being reckless as to whether such property would be destroyed or damaged.
Plea: Guilty. To have treatment for alcohol dependency for three months, restraining order prohibits defendant from 1) contacting victim by any means 2) going to a named street in Kettering. This order lasts until 08/05/2019. To pay compensation of £1,400.
Maria Louisa Nagy
Havelock Street, Kettering. Age: 49
On 03/04/2018 entered as a trespasser a building, namely Game Workshop, Kettering, with intent to steal.
Plea: Guilty. To have treatment for drug dependency as a non-resident for four months, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85.
Daniel Luke Popely
Nags Head Lane, Hargrave. Age: 24
On 04/04/2018 in Bridge Street, Thrapston, failed to provide a specimen of breath for analysis in the course of an investigation into whether you had committed an offence; without insurance; without an MOT.
Plea: Guilty. Fined £300, surcharge to fund victim services of £30, costs of £85, banned from driving for 15 months.
Sarah Louise Smith
Newman Street, Higham Ferrers. Age: 34
On 03/04/2018 entered as a trespasser a building, namely Game Workshop, Kettering, with intent to steal.
Plea: Guilty. To have treatment for drug dependency as a non-resident for three months, pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85.
Richard Hubert Tonner
No fixed address. Age: 33
On 09/05/2018, without reasonable excuse, you attended a street in Corby which you were prohibited from doing by a restraining order imposed by Northampton Magistrates' Court on 26/04/2018.
Plea: Guilty. Fined £120, surcharge to fund victim services of £30, costs of £85.
Quarterback Davis Beville plans to release his favorites list soon, and a recent visit to Northwestern has reserved a spot for the Wildcats on his short list.
“I enjoyed everything about my visit,” said the three-star signal caller from Greenville (S.C.) who has been a hot recruiting commodity during the evaluation period.
Get the latest on one of Northwestern's two major 2019 quarterback targets in this WildcatReport premium story.
Environmental Affairs Minister Edna Molewa has welcomed the arrest of an alleged rhino horn smuggler at OR Tambo International Airport in Ekurhuleni.
Minister Molewa on Friday congratulated members of the Environmental Management Inspectorate (“Green Scorpions”) for their assistance in the arrest of the 30-year-old Zimbabwean woman at the airport on Thursday. She was found in possession of two rhino horns.
“The successes we are recording in terms of the Integrated Strategic Management approach can be attributed to the excellent collaboration between the Green Scorpions, SARS [South African Revenue Service], SAPS [South African Police Service] and other government agencies as they strive to combat the illegal import and export of wildlife products,” said Minister Molewa.
The woman was arrested after suspicious items were noticed by private security personnel during the scanning of her check-in luggage. This was reported to customs officials, who in turn called the Green Scorpions to assist with identification of the items.
The horns were found hidden amongst electronic items in a suitcase.
The confiscated rhino horns will be subjected to genetic profiling by the Forensic Science Laboratory of the SAPS to determine the origin of the rhinoceros horn or possible linkages with other investigations.
The woman's arrest comes less than two weeks after the arrest of a 24-year-old Chinese woman at OR Tambo International, who was in transit from Zambia to Hong Kong. The woman was arrested transporting 11 rhino horn.
Trade of endangered species
In terms of the National Environmental Management: Biodiversity Act, 2004 (Act No. 10 of 2004) (NEMBA) as well as the Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), a permit is required to possess or transport rhino horn.
Non-compliance with the NEMBA permit requirement is a criminal offence in which a person convicted of the crime is liable to a fine not exceeding R10 million, or a fine equal to three times the commercial value of the rhinoceros horn in respect of which the offence was committed (whichever is the greater) or imprisonment for a period not exceeding 10 years, or both a fine and imprisonment.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
A teenage boy has been taken into custody after police detained a stolen car in Crawley.
Officers from Crawley and Sussex Roads Police intercepted a reported stolen vehicle just after 11am yesterday (December 10).
A spokesman said: “The vehicle concerned briefly made-off damaging a number of motorists cars.
“He was swiftly and safely detained and a 19-year-old male is now in custody.”
The car was stopped in College Road by the traffic lights to County Mall.
If anyone has any information about the incident please call Sussex Police on 101 quoting CAD437.
THE prices of chicken have gone down in public markets as consumers avoided buying poultry products because of the bird flu outbreak reported in Pampanga.
On Monday, the cost of chicken in Farmers Market in Cubao went down by P15, from P160 a kilo to P145.
Marilyn Napoles, a vendor at the city's public market, said she had no choice but to slash their prices because customers refused to buy chicken.
“Sa ngayon di talaga kami kumikita. Bukod sa tumumal [ang benta], nagbawas din kami ng order sa supplier naming (Today our sales plunged. So we had to cut our order from the supplier),” she said.
“Wala naman po akong ibang pinagkakakitaan kaya tiis tiis na lang (I have no other source of income so I have to bear this out),” she added.
Dennis Dionisio, a vendor at the Kamuning Public Market, said that from P8,000, his earnings were greatly reduced to P2,000 today.
“Kapag may tumatawad ginagawa ko pa ngang P140 para lang kumita (When someone haggles I lower the price to P140 just to have a little income,” Dionisio said.
Health officials have assured the public that eating chicken is safe as long as it is cooked well.
The Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) said prices of whole chicken went down from P150 to P130 to P135 per kilo.
Undersecretary Teodoro Pascua said since prices are determined by demand, there is no telling if prices will continue to drop.
The Samahang Industriya ng Agrikultura (Sinag) earlier said a monitoring of wet markets in Metro Manila showed that retail prices of chicken went down to P135 per kilo from the average P160 per kilo.
Wholesale prices of chicken also decreased to P110 per kilo from P125.
San Miguel Pure Foods, one of the country's biggest supplier of chicken, said it is working closely with the Bureau of Animal Industry and other concerned agencies to help prevent the spread of the bird flu virus.
The company said its poultry farms remain free of avian flu because it utilizes state-of-the-art Climate Controlled System (CCS) that protects broilers from contact with wild birds.
The cool environment inside the houses provides broilers greater protection against respiratory infection and increased resistance to viruses, it said.
with GLEE JALEA
Hospitals and clinics on the front lines develop their own systems to monitor abuse, suspicious activity
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 5 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Prescribing controlled substances is a highly regulated process, especially as abuse and addiction become more prevalent, but oversight is fractured between agencies with the burden falling on local health-care providers.
Local facilities are more proactive in efforts to prevent or intervene in drug-seeking behavior, while state and federal oversight is mostly driven by those local providers reporting violations.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
The federal Drug Enforcement Administration usually will only get involved if there's a strong possibility of interstate actions, but can send in tactical division squads for an investigation or enforcement, said Ashley Schapitl, press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
Congressional legislation established two grant programs for creating or enhancing drug-monitoring systems, one of which is still funded with a $5.6 million budget in 2011, but running these databases and any subsequent investigations fall to state agencies. California is one of 35 states with such a program in place.
California's database — called CURES, which stands for Controlled Substance Utilization Review and Evaluation System — was established in 2009 by then-Attorney General Jerry Brown. It is intended to lower health-care provider and insurance costs while reducing drug trafficking and the high number of drug-related medical emergencies from overdoses.
As of Jan. 1, any health-care provider who dispenses controlled substances is required to report that information weekly to the state Department of Justice. (The DEA classifies controlled substances in five categories, or schedules, depending on their accepted medical use in treatment and their relative abuse potential and likelihood of causing dependence.)
Medical professionals, law enforcement and regulatory boards have instant access to patient records, instead of submitting a request via mail or fax. Before CURES, the Attorney General's Office received more than 60,000 requests every year and had a slower turnaround time, officials say.
Records include the drug name, quantity and strength of pills, pharmacy information and physician information, so access is limited as a result of patient privacy concerns.
Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement specialists monitor and analyze the data and can refer potential abuses — by overprescribing doctors or drug-seeking patients — to regional offices.
The Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement is involved in the Santa Barbara Regional Narcotic Enforcement Team, but neither the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department nor the District Attorney's Office monitors the CURES program for investigations, officials say.
Instead, local health-care providers are the most vigilant in looking for potential abuses.
As medical administrative systems make the switch to electronic health records and monitoring patient records becomes easier, South Coast providers have responded to the problem of abuse with programs and protocols of their own.
“A stumbling block all along has been the lack of a common database,” said Dr. Chris Lambert, a Cottage Health System emergency physician.
With electronic records, a patient's full prescription history can be gleaned with a glance and steps can be taken if overuse, abuse or addiction is suspected, he said.
Sansum Clinic is in the process of implementing a comprehensive record-keeping system, known as the Wave, which will maintain health data on file for each Sansum patient so the clinic can minimize duplications or bad drug interactions, Dr. Marjorie Newman, Sansum's assistant medical director, told Noozhawk in an email.
The installation will be complete in early 2012, according to Sansum marketing director Jill Fonte, who said the system is much more than a prescription database. Sansum caregivers will be able to quickly see a patient's records to review medications, allergies, test results, alerts and treatments received.
“Having that information readily available can enhance the care patients receive, and could make a big difference in an emergency, when time matters most,” she said.
A secure web portal will enable patients to access information such as educational materials, visit details, lab results and immunization records, Fonte added.
Sansum's clinics also have “opiate contracts” that outline “rules” for long-term pain medication management and are signed by patients and the physician, Newman said.
The clinics can use prescription history to look for misuse, abuse or dependence and prompt a frank discussion with the patient, she said. Patients can be referred to a specialist or reported to CURES.
Cottage Health System has the only three emergency rooms on the South Coast — at its hospitals in Santa Barbara, the Goleta Valley and the Santa Ynez Valley — and has implemented a Frequent Opiate User Program, which is run by Lambert.
An increase in prescription drug abuse has been documented mostly through emergency department admission records, and hospitals can be a target for abusers and “doctor shoppers” who visit multiple physicians to get medication, officials say.
Any physician can alert Lambert if they suspect a pattern of abuse through frequent visits, and he can then access patient records and contact the primary-care physician. Once a month, the hospitals' department heads, physicians and pharmacists review the records to determine if patient interventions are required, with three options: do nothing, put a patient on a watch list, or place him or her on a restriction list.
When patients are placed on a restriction list, they cannot be prescribed a specific drug in the emergency department unless they bring a formal letter from their primary-care physician, Lambert said. About 10 people are restricted per month, half of whom are “cruising through town,” he said, referring to out-of-town patients whose behavior implies they are here seeking drugs.
It's not about punishment or judgment, Lambert said. Doctors are trying to refer someone with a pain management or substance abuse problem to get help, he explained.
“These drugs are very good and very effective,” he said. “People can get hooked before they know it.”
Painkillers are the biggest concern since they're the No. 1 drugs of abuse, and practitioners have to balance patient care with the reality of addiction potential.
The Medical Board of California has clinical guidelines for prescribing controlled substances for pain but all health-care providers struggle with how to provide medication to the right patients for the intended purpose when abuse is so prevalent, said Dr. Alfredo Bimbela of the Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics.
“We certainly do not want fear to guide our prescription practices, but we do make every effort to use sound judgment in prescribing medications to patients,” he said.
“What we do know is these medications change peoples' lives, allow them to function and allow them to not be suffering.”
While it's inevitable that some people will come into the clinics with all the right answers to acquire drugs on false pretenses, Bimbela said, close relationships with patients and pharmacies can help prevent or identify a problem.
Lambert agreed, saying that pain management is delivered early and appropriately in the emergency department.
“Until it's a clearly flagrant example that I'm getting worked, so to speak, I treat them,” he said.
Cottage Health System's emergency department doesn't prescribe more than 30 pills at a time, since any ongoing pain issues should be dealt with by a primary-care doctor, he said.
Patient education for drugs — and spotting abuse — also falls to physicians and pharmacists.
Both Sansum Clinic and the Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics have their own contracts outlining the understanding between patient and physician about the possible consequences of taking opiates or other drugs with abuse potential.
Pharmacists have their parts to play in oversight, too, and Bimbela said they are an invaluable resource in monitoring patients to make sure medication is taken appropriately.
Chain pharmacy stores like CVS and Vons have information-sharing databases so pharmacists can tell if one person attempts to get the same prescription filled at two locations or tries to get an early refill, Bimbela said.
Allan Cohen, pharmacy director of Cottage Health System, has a largely automated system as most hospitals do, but personal checks are in place to “look for weirdness,” he said.
“It's too easy to divert drugs if you don't have some kind of automation,” Cohen said.
Cohen's staff is very aware of the abuse potential for certain drugs, especially strong painkillers, and acts accordingly, he said.
“If you know they refilled eight days ago, you may want to talk to them,” he said.
“It's easy enough for people who may not even think of themselves slipping into addiction to slip into addiction,” he said. “They make rationalizations all the time about what's happening but are not aware of it.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Man killed in cave-in at illegal mine in R'kiri
A gem miner working at an illegal mine in Rattanakkiri's Bakeo district was killed in an accident at the site on Thursday, the second such death in three months.
Miner Tim Manh, 28, was working in a 10-metre-deep hole when the earth collapsed over his head, killing him. Nou Saroeun, 63, said residents of Bakeo Chas village, where the mine is located, had unsuccessfully tried to rescue his son. “He was crushed to death,” he said.
Laminh commune chief Pen Sophun said the victim had been illegally mining on state-owned land. Saroeun estimated that hundreds of miners worked on the site during rainy season, while the number decreased to 50 to 60 during dry season owing to lower success rates.
Chhay Thy, provincial coordinator for NGO Adhoc, deemed this estimate realistic. However, provincial mines and energy department director Hun Bunthan said only a small number of villagers were engaged in illegal mining now, as authorities had visited the site many times since 1995. “They know it's risking their lives, but they still do it,” he said.
Saroeun, the father, said that a gem of good quality and size could be “worth up to one or two thousand US dollars,” but that this was very rare. Manh had only earned about $25 over the past month, he said.
In September, 25-year-old Romam Phuoy died in a similar incident in the same commune. Thy said illegal mining would continue as long as brokers managed to buy gems due to lax implementation of the law.
National is not going to shy away from a fight over polarising issues such as immigration and the environment; particularly if it involves New Zealand's primary sector.
That was obvious at the annual KPMG Business Leaders breakfast at Mystery Creek yesterday.
Primary Industries Minister Nathan Guy was out to paint the Government as the sector's only true friend.
It was National that was openly defending farmers in an environment where there were rising tensions between the primary sector and its critics. Not its opponents.
Advertisement
The critics were cynics "speaking with forked tongues".
But said Guy, they were "better at communicating than we are."
"We need to be loud and proud - not humble."
This is a major admission by a Cabinet minister. But it was also refreshing to hear the national virtue of humility has its limits.
While Guy was accompanied by a bevy of Cabinet ministers intent on being seen at a time when the election is just 100 days away, he was also self-identifying with the business leaders. He was there not simply as a politician but also as a farmer.
This is smart politics.
Guy had worked up several analogies to underline the sector's contribution to the economy. It was worth about $38 billion in revenue last year and that was predicted to swell by 10 per cent to around $41b in the next year (equivalent to about $9000 for every man, woman and child in NZ according to Guy's back-of-the-envelope numbers).
And it was this revenue which gave the Government the money to spend on primary schools, hospitals, broadband and more. Expect this refrain to occur again and again as the election nears.
Guy had some useful suggestions.
Instead of thinking of themselves as farmers, farmers should consider themselves food producers, champion NZ's precision agriculture developments and take the NZ farm gate story to international supermarkets. This dovetailed with the KPMG Agribusiness Agenda which was also released at the breakfast.
In truth, much of the criticism has really been aimed at the dairy sector.
Guy suggested some politicians had deliberately conflated an aspiration to double the value produced by the sector with doubling the number of cows in New Zealand. He claimed there was more myth-making over plans to clean up NZ's waterways and develop irrigation.
He was not entirely convincing on these latter points. Later speakers suggested the Government's timetable to ensure 90 per cent of NZ's waterways were swimmable by 2040 was not sufficiently aggressive.
Opposition politicians present included Labour's primary industries spokesman, Damien O'Connor, and Greens co-leader James Shaw and Green MP Eugenie Sage.
The KPMG Agribusiness Leaders breakfast is now a must on the Fieldays calendar.
It is an invitation-only affair where KPMG's Ian Proudfoot unveils his annual Agribusiness Agenda. This year's theme was The Recipe for Action.
The mood at the 49th annual Fieldays is a marked contrast to that in recent years.
The cloud of negativity that descended in 2015 as the international dairy commodities slump hit farmers' incomes has now lifted.
There are many terrific examples of NZ ingenuity and clear signs the sector has embraced the future.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — The United States said Monday that the World Trade Organization is losing its focus on trade negotiation and "becoming a litigation-centered organization."
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer also complained that some WTO members try to gain concessions through lawsuits that he said they could never get at the negotiating table.
"We have to ask ourselves whether this is good for the institution and whether the current litigation structure makes sense," Lighthizer said at the WTO's ministerial meeting that is being held in Argentina.
Without naming names, he also said some member countries use their status as developing nations to obtain concessions and don't follow WTO rules.
Advertisement
"We need to clarify our understanding of development within the WTO," he said. "We cannot sustain a situation in which new rules can only apply to the few, and that others will be given a pass in the name of self-proclaimed development status."
President Donald Trump has said the policy of the U.S. "is to aggressively promote and use American-made goods."
Some member nations that favor free trade have decried what they say are Trump's protectionist measures. But many also acknowledge the 164-nation WTO needs reform.
"We believe that it's not sustainable to advance in a scheme where one is always the protectionist and the other one (is) the one who always breaks the rules," Argentine President Mauricio Macri said Sunday during the event's launch.
"The problems of the WTO will be resolved with more WTO, not less WTO."
Earlier this year, 10 WTO members, including the European Union, Canada and Japan, urged Washington to continue honoring the trade body's "Government Procurement Agreement" that binds the U.S. and 45 other countries — mostly EU members — to open government procurement markets to foreign competition and make them more transparent.
This week's meeting in Buenos Aires will also address issues including food and agriculture, e-commerce, fisheries, and development.
A network of worldwide civil society organizations says about 60 of its experts who were planning to attend had their credentials revoked by Argentina's government.
Republicans who have not won a majority of the vote in a U.S. presidential election since 1988 and who have lost the nation's popular vote in five of the last six presidential elections would do well to read and heed the wisdom of William Faulkner, who gave us in Requiem for a Nun the timeless line: “The past is never dead. It's not even past.”
True, not all of the 2012 numbers were bad for the GOP. Even though President Barack Obama became the only presidential candidate since Gen. Dwight David Eisenhower to win a majority of the nation's popular votes in successive elections, and even though Democratic House candidates nationally won 1.4 million more votes than did the Republicans, who lost a net of eight House seats, the GOP still held on to its House majority by a comfortable 234-201 margin.
And if history is a semi-reliable guide, then 2014 ought to be a pretty good year for Republicans. Why? Because of what politicians call the “six-year itch,” which teaches us that after either party has won the White House in consecutive elections, that “in” party, in the judgment of respected political analyst Charlie Cook, “tends to lose energy and focus. Party leaders run out of ideas (and) ... voters tend to grow weary and to look for something different.”
In support of his thesis, Cook points out that since World War II, “the party of a re-elected president has lost an average of 29 House seats and six Senate seats.”
Democrats respond that the one exception to the six-year itch rule was in 1998, in the middle of Republicans' attempts to impeach re-elected Democratic President Bill Clinton, when, partly due to voters' rejection of what they saw as GOP overreach and partly because of superior candidate recruitment by the Democrats, the Democrats actually gained five House seats. Optimistic Democrats now insist that there is similar ideological overreach by today's House GOP majority.
Here's where the past ought to make Republicans nervous. In the five presidential elections between 1968 and 1992, the national Democrats were a lot less competitive than Republicans have been in the past 25 years. In those five elections (one of which in 1976 Jimmy Carter won), Democratic presidential nominees — having been chosen by a primary electorate where organized, liberal interest groups exercised a veto power — carried a grand total of just 41 states, while losing 209. Twice the Democratic nominee carried only one state and the District of Columbia. In those five elections, the GOP presidential nominee won an average of 42 states and a thumping 83 percent of the electoral votes.
At the beginning of that period, voters self-identified as Democrats over Republicans by a margin of 2-to-1. By the end of that GOP dominance of the presidential contests in 1992, the Democrats' advantage over the Republicans in voter support had shrunk to low single digits.
During that entire 24-year span when their national tickets were being routed, however, Democrats, who continued to hold a House majority from a high of 292 seats to a low of 242, became convinced that their “lock” on the House of Representatives was unassailable. Until suddenly in 1994, it wasn't.
Now conservatives in the Republican Party are flexing their muscles by laying down non-negotiable demands on issues from gay rights to immigration where the nation has already moved considerably beyond them. Today the House Republican majority — which is the “face” of the national Republican Party — with its reflexive opposition to all the president proposes and to what the Senate passes, reflects the deep hostility of American conservatives toward the Obama presidency and change.
The “six-year itch” and the self-interested drawing of “safe” House districts for their candidates offer comfort to the GOP. But an angry, obstructionist, unwelcoming Republican Party whose White House nominee must pass narrow litmus tests imposed by the right is a formula for electoral disaster. Just ask the Democrats.
— Mark Shields is one of the most widely recognized political commentators in the United States. The former Washington Post editorial columnist appears regularly on CNN, on public television and on radio. Click here to contact him, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
A Good Release
Hey Jude is the first release of Nivin Pauly in the year 2018 and the movie has got the right platform for a big innings. The Nivin Pauly starrer has been released in above 100 screens in Kerala alone. The movie has also got a big release in the rest of the parts of the country, especially in places like Bangalore, Tamil Nadu etc.
At The Kochi Multiplexes
At the Kochi multiplexes, which is one among the strong forte of Nivin Pauly, Hey Jude has got 19 shows on its opening day. The advance booking for the film has been on an average note but it is expected to spike up for the evening shows.
Hey Jude – Expected Day 1 Collections
Well, decent reports are pouring in for the movie and the film is expected to get a decent opening at the box office. The movie is expected to collect somewhere in between 1- 2 Crores on its day 1 at the box office, which is indeed a good one.
Nivin Pauly's Best Day 1 Opener
Most of the Nivin Pauly movies of the recent past have had a good opening at the box office. His best day 1 opener so far continues to be Sakhavu, which had hit the theatres in the last year. If reports are to be believed, the film fetched above 2.4 Crores on its first day at the Kerala box office.
A Big Hit On Cards?
Positive reviews are pouring in for the movie after the initial shows. There are high chances for the film to score big with the backing of the huge support that Nivin Pauly enjoys among the family audiences. Let's wait and see..
“They were beating me with poles. I have eight staples in my head, a broken wrist and a chipped tooth,” said the 20-year-old victim named Deandre Harris.
Fight broke out. Nazis beat black kid w/sticks at end. I kick one in back 2 help & he runs after me. Kid is safe but bloody #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/kr11a8zQ0K — ChuckModi (@ChuckModi1) August 12, 2017
While much of the news about the violence that occurred on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia, has centered around the fatal crash that claimed one life and left more than 30 people injured, there were several other horrific scuffles that took place as well.
One such incident involves a black counter-protester who was beaten with poles by a group of white supremacists in a parking garage.
A photo posted to Twitter by Zach D. Roberts — a writer and photographer with Nation of Change — depicts the disturbing scene in which the victim is on all fours while a group of men swings poles and sticks at him.
The picture instantly went viral, garnering more than 20,000 retweets at the time of writing.
Earlier in a parking garage in #Charlottesville - white supremacists beat this black kid w/poles. [Photo for by @zdroberts @NationofChange] pic.twitter.com/LLPBPjb8si — Zach D Roberts (@zdroberts) August 12, 2017
Based on the image, there were no police present in the area to help the victim, who has been identified by The Root as 20-year-old Charlottesville resident Deandre Harris.
“Me and about five of my friends were out protesting. We thought [the racists] left, but at one point they came back. Everyone was exchanging words with the group, but then the KKK and white supremacists just rushed us,” Harris reportedly told The Root in an interview.
“They were beating me with poles. I have eight staples in my head, a broken wrist and a chipped tooth,” Harris said.
Instead of being rescued by law enforcement, Harris was saved by his own friends pulling him out of the pile-up of enraged white men. Ironically, however, the parking garage where the barbaric beating took place is in close proximity to the Charlottesville police station.
“The beating happened right beside the police department, and no police were there to help me at all. My mother is now thinking about suing the city of Charlottesville,” Harris said.
While United States law enforcement has been heavily criticized nationwide for over-policing, local officers' approach to the violence during this rally was incredibly lax.
Cops seem to have no problem jumping into the fray with batons and pepper spray during Black Lives Matter and anti-President Donald Trump rallies, but white supremacists toting blunt objects somehow managed to fly under the radar, free to attack people at their leisure.
In these dangerously divided times, how are people of color supposed to feel safe in this country?
Banner/Thumbnail Photo Credit: Reuters, Joshua Roberts
Close on 11, 500 people attended Wednesday's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship Pro-Am day at Ballyliffin Golf Club.
This week's competitors mixed with 'A' list celebrities and the not so famous as the course opened its gates to the public for the first day this week.
In the Championship Village there is plenty to keep all ages amused, away from the Fairways and Greens.
MIAMI GARDENS, FLA. (WSVN) - One of the biggest names in tennis attended the groundbreaking for a South Florida tournament that's moving to a new home.
The Miami Open kicked off Monday, and 23-time Grand Slam champion Serena Williams was there as organizers of the popular events announced major plans about its future.
Part of the South Florida culture for more than three decades, the tournament is moving from its current Key Biscayne location to the Miami Gardens venue.
The big move was thanks in large part to Miami Dolphins majority owner Stephen Ross.
“I love Miami first, and I love sports,” he said, “and I want to bring great events to South Florida. We have a huge capital investment there, as you can see, and you want to make the most use out of it.”
Groundbreaking for the future home of the Miami Open @HardRockStadium @serenawilliams James Blake, & Dolphins majority owner Stephen Ross pic.twitter.com/WqUhE619NX — Donovan Campbell (@donovanc7sports) March 19, 2018
Ross and Williams smiled for the cameras as they headlined the groundbreaking at the Miami Open's new site. It is scheduled to be ready in time for next year's tournament.
“It was crazy. Steve always has these great ideas, and they always tend to work,” said Williams, “but we were thinking, ‘How? How is this going to work?' But he's just an innovative thinker.”
Already one of the world's largest and most prestigious combined tennis events, the move to Hard Rock Stadium will allow the Miami Open to grow.
“There's no place probably more aspirational than Miami,” said Ross. “This is the place where the players want to come, where people want to be, I think, in the whole world.”
The main attraction to the move will be a new center court, which will showcase a 14,000-seat stadium within the football field.
“We had all this land; I figured there had to be a way to do it,” said Ross. “We got the designers involved. I think you're not going to have a venue like this. It will be like no other.”
The Miami Open holds special significance to Williams. She's won it a record eight times.
“I had some great times, some great memories there, and so many iconic moments have happened there,” she said. “Now I feel it's time to start new memories and new moments.”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A girl who was told she would never walk has confounded medical opinion by becoming a successful model, aged 14.
Ariella Byrne's family say the cerebral palsy sufferer has defied the odds to star in a TV advert – and now wants to stroll down the catwalk.
Proud mum Susan Byrne, 50, said Ariella's disability won't get the better of her- and she looks just like Cara Delevingne.
Leggy blonde Ariella, from The Wirral, Merseyside, has a bright future ahead of her despite doctors telling her that she would never walk.
But last month, Ariella landed her first gig in a Co-Op advert, launched a week ago, and one daydreams of being a catwalk model.
Susan Byrne, a retail worker, said: “Ariella is beautiful.
“Without makeup she looks just like Cara Delevingne.
“She is so thin and she really does look like a model.”
Ariella was born two weeks' premature in 2003 but it wasn't until she was eight months old that doctors suspected there was something wrong with the baby.
Susan said: “We noticed she wasn't sitting right so the GP decided to check her hips.
“At 18 months old a neurosurgeon told us that she had cerebral palsy.
“We were told that Ariella wouldn't walk – she'd need a zimmer frame.”
Medics also warned Susan that Ariella might never speak so the mum learned special sign language Makaton to communicate with her only daughter, but the brave little girl began talking aged four.
Susan decided to fly her daughter to the States for selective dorsal rhizotomy – an operation where surgeons cut nerves in the spinal chord to release the tightness in cerebral palsy sufferers' leg muscles.
As the NHS refused to fund the treatment, Susan raised the £60,000 from the local community to pay for the operation in just six months.
Susan said: “We saw an instant result. The day after she was sitting better, her legs were like normal and her feet were flat on the floor – before Ariella was always on her tiptoes.
“She's got model-like legs, but the balance is proving difficult to come.
“Currently she's walking with just a walking stick – and a wheelchair at school for convenience.
“But she has already defied so many expectations – and now, with a little balance training, we reckon one day she'll be walking down the catwalk.”
Ariella, who is in year nine, said she wants to see more models like herself in magazines and advertising campaigns.
She said: “I've never opened a magazine and seen someone like myself; that's why I want to be model.
“I want people to know what it's like to have a disability.
“Until I get my balance, I'll walk down the runway with my walking stick.
“I'm not going to let cerebral palsy stand in the way of my career.
“My favourite model is Gigi but I want to be like Cara because of her sense of fun and her personality. She's not only a model, she's also an actress.”
The determined schoolgirl sent a letter along with a couple of snapshots to Visable Models agency in April and a month later they asked her to pose makeup-free for a snapshot, that helped her land an advert for Co-Op.
In the ad, Ariella can be seen sitting in class in her uniform, scribbling away at an exam.
Susan added: “She was in her element, so calm and collected.
“The agency just contacted me with more bookings.
“Ariella would love to do anything.
“It's a joy to see her working and we hope to get her on the catwalk in no time.”
Category: News
What Needs to be Done About Essay Writers Before You Miss Your Chance
Essay Writers Secrets That No One Else Knows About
It is possible to just call at the best Essay composing assistance to receive your undertaking performed. About the flip side, 5-paragraph essay is made up of three paragraphs. An essay can be predicted good just in case it really is definitely structured and simple to realize. Drafting an article is similar to talking to your crush. Just like any additional essay, the story article needs to begin with choosing a ideal matter. Private experiments allure to subscribers partially since they're an easy task to browse and partly because they usually show embarrassing secrets. Standing Affordable essay producing solutions company ought to be chosen in accord with your standing.
If you really don't discover how to begin with your essay or at which to search for encouraging information, then we are going to be happy to help you. Writing essays is presently a normal assignment in universities recently. When it is an academic article, it is just ethical for you to give your writing. A lot of people search for affordable tailored essays in order to store some however of income specially in case of pupils who have strict budgets.
Things You Won't Like About Essay Writers and Things You Will
Give them with the structure you're going to need for the article, and so they're going to wind for you personally. You may not merely secure the standard essay writing assistance, nevertheless in addition they give valuable composing support since many of them are realized essay editors and proofreaders additionally. A obvious essay ought to be properly ordered. Expository essays cover a extensive selection of variants enjoy the comparison and contrast essay. You'll find lots of kinds of essays, so it isn't tough to lose an eye on your entire writing homework. All kinds of essays have many different needs, and that http://alumni.cs.ucr.edu/%7Evladimir/cs171/prolog_2.pdf usually means that you want guides that'll assist you to understand their principles. All the books compiled by our authors are all created from scratch and aren't duplicated from the net or a different origin.
Essay Writers – Dead or Alive?
When the writer is appointed, they begin working on your own composition dependent on the conditions you might have given in your purchase. Due to how our authors take care of various disciplines, we can decide on the individual who will be in a place to come up with your newspaper in keeping with the crucial vocabulary and language style predetermined from the topic. There is no more time to give bloggers what they need however also to reveal them with the number of chances from truly excellent fiction. To be certain to locate the maximum proper writer for your academic creating assistance, Text-Writers could be your remedy.
Better still, in case you should be interested in changing in to a writer, choosing a short writing class could possibly be described as www.papernow.org a really good thought. Based on your writing aims or choices, the actions to turning into a writer are exceptionally comparable. Hiring writers wont just spare you the headache however also effort and time considering that creating a exact good essay requires a good deal of time and expertise on your part. At the same moment, you are going to meet distinctive writers so that you will have the opportunity to exchange thoughts and learn from one another. You are able to get affordable essay authors who'll deliver terrific gains in hardly any moment. Besides having the ability to follow all the composing rules, a terrific online essay author needs to possess a comprehension of this subject.
Observably, being a means to compose an effective essay paper, the author needs to have specific quantity of knowledge in composing or else he is going to end up written down a below diploma essay writing. Simply, freelancer article authors are authors that aren't tied to some selected company for virtually any duration of time. Make certain the essay writer needs to understand just what you require. In several instances, the very step to use informative writer to offset the catastrophe is your suitable measure. Very very good article authors should also have great comprehension of main formatting and citation styles which are required in colleges. You will work with professional composition writer till you own a newspaper you are pleased with. The primary explanation is they experienced professional composition writers that are able to provide one of the ideal essay writing assistance.
The Essay Writers Cover Up
Writers may start looking for tasks centered on date or pay range in many categories. Our proficient writers can deal with pretty much any sort of writing mission, together with q and communicating issues and many more. You do not have to become a professional writer to participate in the competition. Professional essay writers who've great talents and really superior experience aren't rather easy to get.
The Birth of Essay Writers online essay writer
Writers need to apply whilst to join. Yet another resource devoted to helping freelance writers find employment, and ideas about how to remain effective or the way to earn money attempting to sell your stories that are short. In just about some fantastic academic brand essay freelancer authors could perfectly be basic principle motivator.
All About Essay Writers
Writers are generally habitual folks. However, at the era of wordprocessing, although authors should attempt to keep on top of technological opportunities such as shift. What's the ideal paper writers best approach to commence an argumentative essay.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image A framed picture of the late Eroni Daugunu used at his funeral yesterday. Picture: SUPPLIED
Update: 6:09PM A 53-year-old man of Wailekutu in Lami was produced at the Suva Magistrates Court this afternoon for the death of Police Special Constable Eroni Daugunu.
Pateresio Finau appeared before Magistrate Waleen George.
He is charged with one count of dangerous driving occasioning death, one count of fail to stop after an accident, one count of fail to comply with requirements following an accident and one count of fail to report after an accident.
Mr Finau was alleged to have been driving a white motor vehicle that mowed Mr Daugunu to death in a hit and run incident along Walu Bay in Suva earlier this month.
He has been granted bail and will reappear in court on September 4.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
£3.4m Revamp For Winchester Science Centre
Winchester Science Centre's unveiled a £3.4 million project which it says will 'transform its visitor experience'.
It'll add a live science theatre and multi-sensory exhibition, and upgrade the planetarium. Bosses say they want to get more children interested in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths) and reach a wider audience.
"We passionately believe that science should be for everyone," said Ben Ward, CEO of Winchester Science Centre.
"Through our £3.4m project, Winchester Science Centre will lead the way in creating a space where inclusivity is embedded in everything that we do. We want to build welcoming spaces for all, with a real commitment to getting it right for people with a disability and their families - so they can engage like never before. We want to break down the economic barriers that exist and reach out to a wider audience to spark curiosity and create opportunities for young people."
The educational charity has also launched a capital fundraising campaign to support the transformation project, which has received widespread regional support including £50,000 from Winchester City Council.
Councillor Rob Humby, Winchester City Council's Portfolio Holder for Business Partnerships said:
"We're very excited to be involved with this inspiring project that will mean that STEM can become more accessible for all children regardless of ability or household income. We're supporting Winchester Science Centre's vision for the future as it is a transformational project for the centre and at the same time it's also a development which will have significant local and national impact - creating new opportunities in young people's lives."
The re-development of Winchester Science Centre includes a fully-equipped, multi-purpose 200-capacity performance space, to replace the Space Marquee. It will be used for a schedule of live science shows at weekends and school holidays as well as arts events throughout the year. The new Geoffrey Lilley Live Science Theatre is being designed by two Winchester-based firms, Terrell Architecture and Sustainable Acoustics.
The plans also include The Arcade, a groundbreaking 400m2 multi-sensory experience that re-imagines traditional science centre exhibits to include new interactive STEM hands-on activities with acoustics and accessibility that have not been tried before. The Institute of Sound and Vibration Research at the University of Southampton is a key partner for the design and delivery of this ambitious exhibition, which will explore how sound and vibration affects our everyday lives.
There are planned upgrades for the Planetarium too. The new Airbus Planetarium as well as being the UK's largest standalone planetarium, offers an enhanced audio-visual experience that everyone can engage with, irrespective of disability. Winchester Science Centre wants to become a world leader in accessible planetaria; planned changes include innovative new content, a hearing loop, step-free access to the stage and special educational needs (SEN) programming.
Other features of the new-look Science Centre include an additional café and improved access and high-quality accessible facilities throughout. There is also an extensive schools, community and events schedule, including a new all-inclusive programme for school trips.
Earlier this year the Science Centre bid for £2.4m from the Wellcome Trust's Inspiring Science Fund, and their application has reached the final round of consideration.
"We're hugely encouraged to have reached the final stage of the Inspiring Science Fund and have our project so warmly received by our partners and supporters across the region. We've made a significant step forward in our bid to achieve our vision," added Ben Ward.
"We're looking for support from both the public and private sector, STEM industry, suppliers and individuals. We also welcome donations of time, materials and professional services that will help us achieve our objectives; and welcome contact from anyone wishing to get involved and support the project. We would like to start our building programme in late spring 2019."
Other funders and supporters of the project include The Elizabeth Foundation, The Goldsmiths' Company, Blue Apple Theatre, Spectrum - Centre for Independent Living, Naomi House and Jacksplace, Stannah, Airbus, the University of Southampton and the University of Portsmouth.
The wealthy German industrial conglomerate Siemens is pushing for a stake in modernising Guyana's public health sector, the Ministry of Public Health announced Friday.
The three-person delegation, which met recently with Public Health Minister Volda Lawrence and a high-level team with the former rolling out its tentative plans which they felt can help accelerate modernisation plans for the country's public health system.
“Our purpose is to make health care providers succeed (and to) do more with less,” Mr Roberto Tovar, Business Partner Manager at Siemens Healthcare said during the meeting at the Lot 1, Brickdam, Georgetown headquarters of the MOPH.
Tovar assured the Public Health Ministry delegation that the German conglomerate is not opportunistically angling to maximise profits from the financial fortunes of the much-anticipated transition to a petro-based economy following huge offshore oil finds by the American giant, Exxon Mobil here.
“We want to be part of a society we get there to boost social impact,” Mr Daniel Fernandez, Siemens CEO South America (excluding Brazil), assured during the talks.
Fernandez said in Colombia Siemens implemented programmes which helped provide some 300,000 nationals with access to potable water and worked in the education system to help make science and technology attractive to learners because globally, “people are not attracted” to those disciplines.
On this issue, Junior Public Health Minister Dr Karen Cummings challenged the German firm to familiarise themselves with the University of Guyana (UG), especially its Natural Sciences department to help strengthen programmes there like they have done in other countries.
The APNU/AFC coalition government wants to push leasing and where appropriate, retrofitting of equipment to improve health-sector services Lawrence said.
“This should not be a challenge…I see no limitations,” Fernandez assured the Ministerial team which also included Deputy Permanent Secretary DPS), Finance, Mr Glendon Fogenay; Ms Karen Yaw (Planning) ; Mr Phillip Bryan, (Procurement);
Among some of the ambitious plans she outlined included “leasing of an entire laboratory…to bring (improved) service to our people”. In addition, there are projections to “fully equip” the local reference laboratory to deliver a large range of services to Guyanese.
Large, newly-built hospitals in Barima/Waini (Region 1) and East Berbice/Corentyne (Region 6) will offer a diverse range of services for those residents to narrow the gap with health services available in the capital.
“We want (our) people enjoy being healthy,” Lawrence said.
She said the likely partnership with Siemens, which will prioritise fighting cancers, cardiovascular ailments and non-communicable diseases (NCDs), is part of a wider long-term vision which includes upgrading systems in the sprawling hinterland “is our priority for 2018”.
Siemens started in the late 19th century (1896) with manufacturing of industrial X-ray appliance for medical diagnostics.
Since then the German firm has added a wide range of other products such as CLINISTIX-dry chemistry for testing for glucose in urine; the first real-time ultrasound scanner; track-based laboratory automation system; Diagnostic analyser integrating four technologies in one system; robotic-assisted angiography system; multi-modality imaging 3D imaging system; wide-angle image acquisition breast Tomosynthesis among other hi-tech services, a company document said.
Tomosynthesis, is “a method for performing high-resolution limited-angle tomography at radiation dose levels comparable with projectional radiography. It has been studied for a variety of clinical applications, including vascular imaging, dental imaging, orthopaedic imaging, mammographic imaging, musculoskeletal imaging, and chest imaging,” and online source explained.
It said in its 120-year existence, the company has been granted some 12,500 patents globally; amassed over 46,00 employees; has access to 1.2 billion of the world's population; operate with an annual revenue of some £13.5B and is determined to add Guyana to the other 75 countries in which they permanent presence.
Importantly for the Public Health Ministry, Siemens offers point of care (POC) services which, according to the document, include multiple sites, hundreds of instruments, thousands of operators and “provides full control over our customers' testing environment”.
The POC, the document said also provides end-to-end eco-system solutions in prevention, critical care and consolidation and standardisation.
“I can attest to the unparalleled value Siemens can bring to the local health sector,” Guyanese-born Mr. Mike Singh was quoted as saying in a Public Health Ministry.
Said he has “great patriotic fervor” and would do anything “to help expose Guyana's health sector to modernisation”
While in Guyana the team also had discussions with Minister of State, Mr. Joe Harmon; Minister of Public Infrastructure, Mr. David Patterson; Minister within the Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Ms. Annette Ferguson and Natural Resources Minister, Mr. Raphael Trotman
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vassell arrives
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Isaac Vassell from Luton Town for an undisclosed fee.
The 23-year-old forward has put pen to paper on a four-year deal at St Andrew's.
He has been handed the squad number 11 and is eligible to make his debut against Bolton Wanderers tonight.
Read his remarkable story here:
'Relieved'
Luton Town boss Nathan Jones had admitted he is 'relieved' after Isaac Vassell completed a switch to Birmingham City.
The striker became the latest St Andrew's arrival yesterday, signing a four-year deal.
Luton were reluctant to sell Vassell amid interest in the Championship, but Blues moved to secure the 23-year-old's services.
'Gamble worth taking'
Isaac Vassell is a ‘gamble worth taking' according to the manager who gave him his big-money move from Luton Town.
Harry Redknapp has taken the 23-year-old from League Two to the Championship and backed the striker to be a success.
Blues are short on options up front with Che Adams joining Lukas Jutkiewicz on the injury list so Vassell will go straight into the squad for tomorrow's clash with Bolton Wanderers.
Injury update
Birmingham City are awaiting the results of a scan to determine the severity of Che Adams' hamstring injury.
The in-form striker pulled up in the win over Bristol City on Saturday and will miss tonight's game at home to Bolton.
Boss Harry Redknapp admits it's a blow for Blues who were starting to look potent up front with the 21-year-old spearheading the attack.
Appeal success
Maikel Kieftenbeld's appeal against the red card he received in Saturday's 2-1 win over Bristol City has been successful.
The Dutch midfielder was dismissed with 10 minutes remaining of Saturday's clash following a foul on Callum O'Dowda.
The decision by referee Darren Bond put a dampener on Blues' first Championship win of the season, secured by Jacques Maghoma's late stunner.
He is now eligible to face Bolton at St Andrew's tonight.
Newspapers subscribe to a paying digital future
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
This is China (Wuhan) Int'l Game and Amusement Fair (GAF).On behalf of GAF committee,I sincerely invite you to be our visitor of our upcoming event.
Basic Information:
Date:July 6th-8th,2018
Venue:Wuhan International Expo Center
Website:www.whgaf.com
Exhibition Introduction:
GAF 2018 adheres to the goal to foster home game and amusement industry and propel the market standardization since its inception in 2014. GAF has now successfully represented one of the significant fair in its field with rapid growth rate.
Review of GAF 2017:
GAF in 2017 had made phenomenal breakthroughs. 50,000 sq.m of exhibition area was recorded with 100% growth while the exhibitors was up 78% to 318, visitors up 32% to 50,000. Besides, a slew of accompanying events were also held. GAF takes the leads in game and amusement industry.
Exhibition Scope：
-All kinds of indoor electronic games and amusement machines, stimulation games, VR games, animation games, vending machines,etc;
-Game and amusement facilities in parks or squares, large outdoor amusement equipment, inflatable amusement equipment, water park rides, them park equipment, etc;
-Children parks, naughty castles, puzzle toys, etc;
-Online games, electronic sports games, mobile games, animation entertainment, etc.
GAF2018 will be grandly held in parallel with 2018 China International Culture & Entertainment Industry Expo (CCEE).GAF has gained great momentum to develop since its inception and leaped out as an important show in the field of game and amusement industry. It commits itself to serving the exhibitor, as well as the buyers! In 2018, GAF will go further and do better!
Best regards,
Phone:86-20-28967766
Email:grand@grahw.com
Guangdong Granduer Interntaional Exhibition Group
Ekiti Election: Oshiomole's First Litmus Test And Fayose's Grandiloquence -By Alao Abiodun
As the plot thickens gradually, beneath the tranquility at this moment in Èkìtì state lies the gathering storm of a fierce political battle that will ultimately determine the political party and individual they will succeed the outgoing governor of the state, Ayodele Fayose. The tensed political ruckus over who becomes the next governor of Ekiti State has indeed created a lot of schism among political pundits in the state, interestingly It's going to be a tight contest between Professor Kolapo Olusola, candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the Progressives Congress (APC)'s candidate, Dr. John Kayode Fayemi.
Amidst speculations over how the people of Ekiti state will vote in this forthcoming election despite the heated political activities, the APC in its usual banter style seems to be quite optimistic that it would conveniently win in this year's governorship election through Oshiomole's influence while PDP seems to be banking on the grandiose popularity of Ayo Fayose. Interestingly, observers of the politics in Ekiti state are already seeing the unfolding struggle for supremacy by both parties which is set to bring in the stiffest political challenge.
Barring any change in the plans of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), voters in Ekiti State will on July 14 troop out to elect a new governor for the state to replace incumbent Governor Peter Ayodele Fayose. Observers of the unfolding events are of the view that the critical contest which is just one out of the numerous contests may have a significant effect on the political compass in Nigeria, ahead of the 2019 general election. As the election day draws near, with the clock ticking slowly, the political forces in the state have begun to move into camps as in the case of defecters and defectee, with several influential individuals and personalities already returning to the planning table to map out strategies towards winning the election.
Other candidates in the gubernatorial election contest includes Otunba Segun Adewale of ADP, fondly called Oshaprapra, Reverend Tunde Afe of ANRP, Akinloye Ayegbusi (SDP), David Ayodele Adesua (ADC), Ebenezer Femi Ogunsakin (PPN), Dr. Sikiru Lawal (LP), Sunday Balogun (MPN),Mrs, Ilesanmi Anike Margaret (AP), Temitope Amuda (KP), Tosin Ajibade (ID) and Agboola Olaniyi (AD) amongst others with different agendas to either consolidate the existing status quo or set out on a quest to rebuild or rebrand Ekiti state.
Prior to celestial confirmation of Adams Oshiomhole as the APC National Chairman few weeks ago, without much ado, the political gladiators in their tactical culmination after many considerations shifted the burden of leadership to the former Governor of Edo state. Oshiomhole's persona at this time for APC seems to be an expression of preference from the president and other APC state Governors coupled with other critical stakeholders factor.
By virtue of the burdensome task ahead for Oshiomhole, it's crystal clear that he has his eagles eyes fixed at consolidating the legacies of President Buhari ahead of the 2019 Elections through his commodious influence. Beyond the pomp and pageantry attached to his emergence and with the confidence reposed on him, Oshiomhole's task lies with the onus of how to further unlock the vast majority of votes in the 2019 Elections using the Ekiti state elections as a test of his political influence. With the change in the political trend in Nigeria, there are expectations that the APC, being the leading opposition party in the state will have a great political battle with PDP and its machineries.
The two dominant political parties, namely the Progressives Congress (APC), the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), power blocs and other relevant stakeholders have begun to sharpen their arsenals and are discreetly deploying measures to have an edge in the governorship poll. Still, the most critical task ahead for Oshiomhole will be how he leads the party into the presidential election in 2019 using the Ekiti state elections as a litmus test as a testing ground to measure his influence and popularity especially now that the eroding goodwill of the APC in the country is under severe hemorrhage.
Gov. Ayodele Fayose known for his political sagacity and uncommon grandiloquence has continued in his strong quest to ensure that his relevance does not end in jeopardy, the “stomach infrastructure” progenitor is indeed working earnestly against losing the seat of the power to APC, especially backing his anointed candidate with all his moves.
Prior to Oshiomhole's emergence, he has rambunctiously seized the public space of Nigeria's political realm to appropriate the people's minds. As a sacrificial lamb, Oyegun's leadership timeline was apparently sacrificed for some APC Governors second term ambition and coupled with his dilemma with some bigwigs in the party, it furthermore plunged him into deeper problems.
With both political leaders having a background in radical labour unionism, one should literally expect a very tight contest. The battle line indeed has been drawn, the APC have announced its readiness to stop Eleka and PDP from remaining in the Government House beyond 2018, Ayodele Fayose, who insists that his achievement in the last four years will return his party to office come July 14, has vowed that no party, aside PDP, will emerge victorious in the election.
As the election draws nearer, while I'll also serve as an electoral observer in the forthcoming elections, some political observers are of the opinion that the foundation for Kayode Fayemi's emergence as the standard-bearer of the APC is to floor the antics of the PDP under the control of Fayose who seems to be the most dreaded politician in Ekiti.
Alao Abiodun is a Journalist, He can can be reached via [email protected]
Comments
comments
An MEP who has authored a report calling for European Union-wide legislation to regulate the rise of robots used a talk in Dublin last week to renew her call for the European Commission to take the lead on what she calls the “crucial challenge of our time”.
Appearing at the Institute of International and European Affairs last Friday, Mady Delvaux, chair of the commission's working group on robotics, said recent guidance from the EU outlining its plan for robotics and artificial intelligence (AI) was “good but not enough”.
Ms Delvaux, an MEP from Luxembourg, last year wrote a report for the European Parliament on civil law and robotics. In it she recommended the establishment of an EU agency for robotics and AI, an advisory code of conduct for robotics engineers and a new reporting structure to take account of robotics and AI for the purposes of taxation.
Another recommendation, and one that has caused a great deal of controversy, was a call to consider granting self-learning robots “electronic personalities” status enabling them to be insured and held liable for damages if they caused damage to people or property.
Research programme
The EU is home to the world's largest civilian research and innovation programme for robotics and AI – it has a budget of up to €700 million for the period 2014 to 2020, bolstered by an extra €2.1 billion of investment committed by the European robotics industry.
However, Ms Delvaux has consistently said that current legislation is insufficient to deal with many of the complex issues surrounding self-learning machines.
Speaking to The Irish Times while in Dublin, she said the recent guidance from the EU, while a step in the right direction, was not sufficient to mark Europe out as a leader in robotics and AI.
“There are a lot of opportunities in this space but also a lot of challenges we must face. These include issues surrounding safety and security, data protection and privacy, harmonisation of legislation, liability and societal change,” Ms Delvaux said.
“I believe robotics and artificial intelligence will impact on all aspects of our lives, including jobs and so we must be properly prepared for it, but as of now there is no real action forthcoming on this,” she added.
Ms Delvaux warned that the rest of the world would not wait to be led by Europe on robotics and AI.
“If we don't decide how we want to shape our future, it is highly likely that China and the US will decide for us, leaving the EU as simply a follower,” she said.
Local historian Rita Swift is having a whale of time recounting the story of Sally the Dunstable witch.
The legendary sorceress was allegedly burned at the stake 600 years ago, with her malevolent spirit subsequently bottled and buried in Priory gardens.
It then turned out Sally was the invention of local headmaster A P Wire who was trying to shame the vicar into tidying up the churchyard. He penned an 81-verse poem about the Dunstable she-devil which became very popular, but which ultimately led to him having to resign.
Rita, a 78-year-old grandmother-of-two and vice president of the South Beds Association of National Trust Members, said: “Although the story is fiction, maybe there was a Sally many lifetimes ago who wanted to come back and just needed the right connection – stranger things have happened.
“We first met by accident in 2003 when I was doing some research at the library. An article popped up on Dunstable Gazette microfilm about Sally the Dunstable witch and I'd never heard of her.
“I asked around and was told it was only a poem, but several elderly friends remembered their grandmothers warning them not to go to the churchyard at night as the witch was buried there and watching.”
Rita learned there was a copy of the original poem in Luton Musem, together with A P Wire's notebook.
She wrote an article for the local History Society newsletter and the poem was republished for the official reopening of Priory House. Dunstable Library asked if they could put it on their website and The Vine magazine made a similar request. In 2009 a variation on the saga was included in a book of Luton Poems and Dunstable Town Guides included her in their ghost walks.
Now the Queen can read about Sally too – she was given a presentation copy of the The Dunstable Timeline during her recent visit.
Rita has shared the story on radio and given numerous talks on the subject. She has also been asked to provide background information for a new film on the mythical character – Trapped Magic: The Broken Blade.
“I thought we'd laid Sally to rest,” Rita smiled. “But it looks like her story is just beginning. For a fictitious witch, she's having a great time – I'm sure she was waiting for me to find her.”
BLOOD NEEDED: Lisa Charlesworth at the Australian Red Cross Blood Service centre in Bundaberg calling for donators over the Christmas period.
BLOOD NEEDED: Lisa Charlesworth at the Australian Red Cross Blood Service centre in Bundaberg calling for donators over the Christmas period. Paul Donaldson BUN111217BLOOD4
I have worked with the NewsMail since January 2012. I report in the Family Life section of the paper, which I love as I have two school aged kids. I grew up in Byron Bay before moving to Hervey Bay where I lived for 10 years, after that my family and I travelled around Australia then we finally settled in Bundaberg in 2011. I enjoy meeting new people and hearing about all walks of life.
FORGET Santa's naughty or nice list, the Australian Red Cross Blood Service has revealed it has a secret Christmas list of lifesavers.
Topping the list of Bundaberg's most common donor names are Susan, David, Karen, Peter, Sarah, John, Jennifer, Paul, Rebecca and Robert.
Spokesman Barry Lynch said it wasn't too late to add your name to the list, with 752 local donations needed between now and January 7.
Blood has a short shelf-life and cannot be stockpiled so must be donated in the days immediately before and after public holidays.
"No matter what your name is, we would love to add you to our lifesavers list,” he said.
To make an appointment to give blood, call 13 14 95 or visit donateblood.com.au
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Crav
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce says Jonathan Kodjia's red card was ‘an act of petulance' but reckons Ryan Fredericks should have also been given his marching orders.
The Aston Villa striker was sent off during the first-half of today's 3-1 defeat to Fulham following an altercation with the Fulham defender near the halfway line.
Kodjia nudged Fredericks to the ground before appearing to kick out at the former Tottenham Hotspur full-back while he was on the ground.
Fredericks seemed to kick towards Kodjia as he was stood over him but David Coote consulted with his fourth official before sending Kodjia off and allowing Fredericks to remain on the field.
Bruce said: “It was an act of petulance from Jon, that's what it was.
“He was provoked and he reacted. If they are going to send Jon off then they have to send their player off.
“In my opinion it was handbag stuff and the yellow card was warranted for both of them but to get the red card was cruel on us.”
Bruce handed Jack Grealish a rare start today and the academy graduate repaid him with a stunning goal to level matters at the beginning of the second-half.
“It was a great goal from Jack,” the manager added. “We all know the ability he has got and were reminded of it today.”
Bedfordshire Police's Cyber Hub has received an international award for its ‘exceptional hard work to investigate and proactively target the highest harm offenders'.
The team won the International Award for Excellence in the Prevention/ Detective of Cyber Crime at the International Digital Intelligence and Investigation Awards on Thursday. Since January 2017, the Cyber Hub's workload has increased by almost 200 per cent. They've executed almost 90 warrants, targeting people suspected of making indecent images of children, made 80 arrests, and safeguarded more than 150 children.
In December, the team secured five court convictions.
Assistant Chief Constable Mark Lay said: “I'm incredibly proud of the Cyber Hub for the hard work they do day in day out in protecting the most vulnerable of our society against acts of serious sexual abuse.
“It's only right that their work is recognised so I'm delighted they've received such a prestigious award, as it is a testament to their dedication and commitment to bringing some of the most reprehensible people in society to justice.”
An oil spill sparked a large-scale fire in Indonesia's Aceh province on Wednesday, killing at least 10 people and injuring dozens more.
"The [fire] is still soaring high and has not yet successfully been extinguished," said Saiful, head of Aceh's Ranto Peureulak subdistrict, which is located in northwest region of Indonesian island of Sumatra.
What we know so far:
A blaze started following an oil spill at about 1:30 a.m. local time on Wednesday (1830 GMT Tuesday).
Indonesian authorities said at least 10 people were killed and the death toll was expected to rise.
At least five houses were torched as fire spread through a residential area of Pasir Putih village in Aceh.
The fire remains out of control hours after the start of the blaze.
The Indonesian disaster agency said pipe welding may have caused the fire.
Illegal wells used for profit
Local villagers illegally operate many small oil wells in the eastern section of Aceh province, which boasts significant energy reserves.
According to the state-run Antara news agency, residents of Pasir Putih were collecting oil from the surface of the well when the fire broke out. Officials said state-owned oil company Pertamina was helping firefighters combating the blaze.
More to come...
dj/aw (AFP, Reuters, dpa, AP)
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
POLICE are investigating an astounding case of road rage during which a man threatened a cyclist with an axe in Adelaide's east.
Shocking video, obtained by 7 News, has emerged of the incident, which occurred at the intersection of Glynburn and Magill roads, Kensington Park just before noon on Tuesday.
The video shows an elderly man get out of a car at the intersection and use a tomahawk to hit the male cyclist's bicycle before walking towards rider, who back away with his hands up.
A witness called Danny told 7 News that before that confrontation he saw the cyclist shouting abuse at the driver, banging on a passenger window and smashing a side mirror.
A man appearing to wield an axe at a cyclist has been caught on video in an apparent road rage incident. Picture: Supplied/7News
"I could see a cyclist punching a car window non-stop and then 100m down the road he's still punching the window of this old guy's car and then he busted the guy's mirror," he said.
"The car driver jumped out with an axe and that put an end to the fight I think and then he went to town on his bike."
Danny said the altercation ended when the lights turned green and the driver and the cyclist went their separate ways.
SA Police say Eastern Adelaide police are investigating the incident.
After weeks of speculation, Sex and the City actress Cynthia Nixon announced her gubernatorial run on Twitter on Monday. As she explains in her first campaign ad, she was born and raised in New York City and believes it's time for our government to change.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Nixon, 51, has long been an advocate for sexual harassment victims, a political activist, and an outspoken member of the LGBT community (she married her wife Christine Marinoni in 2012). In recent years, she's shifted her focus from acting toward politically charged causes, like the fight for funding in many New York City schools. She received the Human Rights Campaign's Visibility Award in February of this year.
"Cynthia hasn't been bought and paid for by special interests and won't be accepting any corporate contributions in this campaign. Instead our campaign will be powered by the people," her campaign site explains.
Nixon will challenge incumbent Democratic governor Andrew Cuomo later this year.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
HBO
SEE Y'ALL AT THE POLLS. SEE Y'ALL AT THE POLLS.
Follow Tess on Twitter.
COWBOYS workhorse Shaun Fensom insists his surgically-repaired leg is the furthest thing from his mind as he prepares to make his NRL comeback against his former club Canberra this weekend.
Fensom was the tragic story of last year's grand final loss to the Storm as he was stretchered from the field after breaking his tibia and fibula just three minutes into the contest.
Play was stopped for 10 minutes as trainers tended to the stricken forward in a sombre end to his first season in Townsville, but Fensom said he's ready to put that heartbreak behind him and get back on the field for the Cowboys.
The 29-year-old ran out for the Townsville Blackhawks in his first rugby league game in more than six months last weekend, making 52 metres from five runs along with a perfect 21-from-21 tackles.
That was enough to convince Cowboys coach Paul Green that Fensom was ready for an NRL return and he'll come off the bench at 1300SMILES Stadium on Saturday night as a replacement for injured forward John Asiata, who had surgery for a pectoral tear yesterday.
Fensom admitted his match fitness still needed some work after his first game - "my lungs were burning a little bit" - but he said he felt no trepidation about his leg as he threw himself into contact for the Blackhawks.
"A lot of people have asked me that (if I was nervous), but I know that it's not gonna break again, it's got a big rod in it," the no-nonsense forward said.
Townsville Blackhawks v Norths Devils from Jack Manski Oval. Shaun Fensom. Picture: Zak Simmonds
"I've done enough training here and when I get out there that's the last thing I'm thinking about. I'm thinking about all my different roles in attack and defence and doing them to the best of my ability.
"I got hit a few times which was good. It (my leg) didn't really bother me much out there at all."
Fensom is one of rugby league's true gladiators with a history of playing through painful injuries so he had every reason to back himself for a speedy recovery.
The tough-as-nails backrower fractured his arm during a field session while at the Raiders in 2015 and didn't realise until he completely broke it doing weights in the gym the next day.
A year earlier, he returned from a full knee reconstruction well ahead of schedule in just six months, but Fensom admitted even he couldn't rush his comeback from such a horrific broken leg after originally targeting a Round 1 return.
"I probably didn't realise at the start how much rehab was involved in a broken leg," he said.
"I've broken other bones before, in my arm and stuff like that, and that was pretty straight forward, but I had to learn a lot of new things with my leg.
Cowboys forward Shaun Fensom after breaking his leg in their 2017 grand final loss to the Storm. (Photo by Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images)
"I had to learn how to run again and I lost a lot of strength for the seven weeks that I was on crutches so it took longer to get that back as well, but I'm glad that I'm back out there playing now."
The Cowboys have sorely missed Fensom's work rate in the middle as they've scraped to a 2-5 record so far this season and he conceded it has been frustrating to watch from the sidelines.
The dedicated team man famously texted Cowboys co-captain Matt Scott from his hospital bed to apologise for letting his teammates down in the grand final and Fensom said he was ready to rip in against the Raiders.
"It's always frustrating not playing footy. That's what I love doing and sitting on the sidelines and watching everyone else out there putting in the hard work, it's very frustrating," Fensom said.
"I'd done a lot of training out the back (with the rehab group) and just to be back running around with the boys, they all gave me a big cheer, so it was good to be back with some more company.
"I just want to get out there and do my role to the best of my ability and tidy up that middle and tighten things up.
"Canberra have got a couple of big boys there and I'm sure they'll try to roll up through the middle. I'll just try to clean things up and be as disciplined as I can."
Market Highlights:
The factors driving E-Discovery Market includes, rapid increase in the age group ratio and growing volume of electronic stored information. By solution segment, technology assisted review and data production accounts for high adoption rate in e-discovery market. This solution enhance organization by reducing cost and time spend on evaluating and managing large set of documents efficiently. According to the study, by deployment segment cloud service acquired largest market share.
E-discovery Market is segmented on the basis of solution that includes, legal hold, early case assessment, data processing, technology assisted review and data production. By solution segment technology assisted review and data production is expected to account for highest market share. Technology assisted review solution is widely adopted by judges. It enables users by prioritizing significant document, quality control of the human reviewers and reducing irrelevant data.
E-Discovery refers to legal process in which parties related to legal matters such as litigation, preservation, identification, collection, review, analysis and exchange information in electronic formats. It is also defined as process of collecting, identifying and producing electronic stored information (ESI). The study indicates, the process and technologies related to e-discovery are often complex due to large volume of electronic data stored and produced.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3321
Major Key Players:
IBM Corporation (U.S.)
FTI Technology LLC (U.S.)
Kcura LLC (U.S.)
Zylab Technologies (U.S.)
Xerox Corporation (U.S.)
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (U.S.)
Logik (U.S.)
Lexbe (U.S.)
Ernst & Young Global Limited (U.K.)
Navigant Consulting (U.S.)
The E-Discovery Market is expected to grow at approximately USD 24 Billion by 2023, at 20% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of E-discovery market is being studied for region such as Asia pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. North America region is expected to account for largest market share in e-discovery market owing to high implementation of cloud solutions in US and Canada.
Asia-Pacific region is growing at highest CAGR rate owing to massive industrial development, increasing crime rates and dynamic IT infrastructure is developing countries such as India and China.
Market Research Analysis:
The E-Discovery Market in North America region is growing due to high adoption of cloud solutions by enterprise and need to improve information governance in organizations. According to the study, the e-discovery market will remain steady in Europe region. Asia-Pacific market is estimated to be one of the fastest growing market as it is continuously investing into research and development of e-discovery market and legal operations to directly address the security of sensitive data. Increasing population, and growing IT landscape is boosting the market in the region.
The region is witnessing high adoption of e-discovery software by enterprises. Developing countries such as India and China are adopting e-discovery software at a large scale owing to increase population, growing crime rate and robust industrialization is boosting the market in the region. By vertical segment, BFSI and retail sector is driving the e-discovery market.
E-Discovery Market Segmentation:
The e-discovery market has been segmented on the basis of deployment, solution and service. The cloud based e-discovery solution provides search filters in terms of interviews, remainders and notification.
Cloud solution enable organization by providing drag and drop function and offers roll-based workflow. The study indicates that growing demand of digitally stored data and cloud computing is driving the on-premise deployment service.
E-Discovery Market (MRFR) Research Analysis:
By solution segment, e-discovery market consists of legal hold, early case assessment, data processing, technology assisted review and data production. Legal hold solution empower organization by managing the entire process of interviews, notification, reminders and escalations. Legal hold solution leverage HR systems by providing historical protective views.
By region, MRFR analysis shows that North America region accounts for largest market share in e-discovery market owing to growing adoption of e-discovery solution by enterprises in legal firm. Wide adoption of e-discovery solution in civil litigation is boosting the market in the region. Asia-Pacific region is expected to be one of the fastest growing market owing to increase adoption of cloud e-discovery solutions by enterprises. In Asia-Pacific region countries such as China, India, South Korea and Japan will be generating high revenue in e-discovery market.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/e-discovery-market-3321
Intended Audience:
Investors and consultants
System Integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology solution providers
IT Solution Providers
Legal Firms
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
New Zealand completed a 240-run thumping of the West Indies in the second test at Seddon Park today.
Spinner Mitchell Santner took the last two wickets on consecutive balls shortly before tea on the fourth day, the West Indies being dismissed for 203.
The result ensured a clean sweep, winning the series 2-0 after their innings and 67-run win at the Basin Reserve in the first test.
Read more:
Who is New Zealand's greatest test batsmen?
Advertisement
The West Indies had started the fourth day at 30 for two, requiring an improbable 444 to win.
They lost stand-in captain Kraigg Brathwaite in the sixth over of the day, caught at gully off Trent Boult, giving the left armer his 200th test wicket, just the fifth such bowler to that mark.
Neil Wagner dismissed Roston Chase for 64. Photo / Photosport
He is also the sixth New Zealand bowler to 200, after Richard Hadlee, Dan Vettori, Chris Martin, Chris Cairns and current teammate Tim Southee.
Shai Hope was struck on an arm by Neil Wagner and hooked the next ball straight to fine leg.
Sunil Ambris took a blow on his left wrist and after battling on a few minutes, retired hurt on five. A check revealed a broken bone and he is out of the ODI squad.
Shane Dowrich was caught by Henry Nicholls. Photo / Photosport
Wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich popped a catch to short leg but Roston Chase and Ray Reifer battled solidly to lunch and well into the second session, before they departed in quick order.
Chase completed his fifth half century, 64, while Reifer made 29 before falling to a fine low catch by captain Kane Williamson at gully.
Wagner finished with three for 42 and there were two wickets apiece for Southee, Boult and Santner.
The three-game ODI series starts in Whangarei next Wednesday, before which the tourists' have a one-day fixture against a New Zealand XI on Saturday.
The squad is significantly different from their test group, with the likes of batting heavyweights Chris Gayle and Marlon Samuels and Evin Lewis arriving this week.
The ODI series continues in Christchurch on December 23 and Boxing Day.
Do you know your Giggs from your Galliano?
Beckham aside, football isn't always a profession known for its style. In fact, it's better known for dodgy haircuts.
But there is one thing footballers and fashion designers do often have in common – their names. Sometimes you might hear a new player announced on the television, and he could equally be the latest creative director of a major Italian fashion house.
In honour of this, try our quiz and see if you can pick the footballer from the fashionista. It's harder than you might think…
© Press Association 2017
New Delhi: June 2016 – Life is getting demanding & more stressful than we can handle. The traffic noises, overcrowded cities and the shrinking personal space makes it difficult to remain calm. Yatharth Moksha is a non-profit trust that wishes to save our invaluable mythology of India and intends to pass the stories & the learnings to the next generations in an interesting manner.
Yatharth Moksh aims to create digital versions of Indian epics and so far digital versions of Mahabharata, Srimad Bhagawat Mahapuran, Ramayana, Srimad Bagavad Gita and Durga Saptashati are created and this runs into 700 hours of audio in MP3 format in Hindi of its website & is also available on its latest app YaMoGita. Since 2012, Yatharth Moksh have worked closely for its goal. The latest app provides complete information & is quite user friendly. These epics are further segregated into parts, episodes for the ease of the listener.
These high quality audios add wisdom are best to help calm the mind. These audios are engaging as it consists of short tales narrated in the epics instead of any speeches & prayers. With more content been added every week, it is the best app to listen while travelling. The app can easily available on Google playstore with name “YamoGita”
A Northamptonshire police officer who lied about skipping three days of work has been dismissed from the force.
PC Matt Proctor was disciplined at a private gross misconduct hearing on December 5-6 where supervisors found he had shown a "lack of integrity".
It emerged that PC Proctor failed to go back on duty for three days in January after a crown court trial he was booked to give evidence at was postponed.
When later questioned by his supervisors about the three missing days, he lied and told them he had gone to work at a different police station.
The chair of the hearing, having considered representations on behalf of PC Proctor, decided to hold the hearing in private.
The panel found his conduct amounted to gross misconduct because of dishonesty and lack of integrity and dismissed him without notice.
Chair of the hearing Jane Jones said: "Here we have three allegations which between them cover at least four of the standards of professional behaviour.
"Dishonesty is shown more than once and integrity on all three occasions. The panel finds in all the circumstances that there is no proper alternative to dismissal without notice, and accordingly this is the decision we have made."
UK Labour party fights to avoid Copeland poll humiliation
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
China's vice-like grip on the country's internet sees it block some of the world's biggest websites, including Google, YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook. But Mark Zuckerberg's company has tried to break into the lucrative market by stealthily releasing a photo-sharing app in the country, though it appears few people either know or care about the Moments clone.
The New York Times reports that Facebook approved the release of the app, named Colorful Balloons, back in May. Anonymous sources told the publication that it was published by a local Chinese company called Youge Internet Technology, which on the surface appears to have no affiliation with the social network.
In a fairly vague statement regarding the app, Facebook said it is “spending time understanding and learning more about the country in different ways. Our focus right now is on helping Chinese businesses and developers expand to new markets outside China by using our ad platform.”
According to Quartz, Colorful Balloons hasn't exactly been a resounding success in China. Before the Times' piece, it languished in the 313th position on the most downloaded Photo & Video apps list and had failed to enter the Overall category.
Following the article's publication, however, Facebook's app saw a boost in downloads. It moved up to 40th place in the Photo & Video charts and broke into the Overall charts at 758.
Facebook will doubtlessly be happy that it was able to launch Colorful Balloons in China, even if it was done quietly via a local firm, though the lack of interest is disappointing. But seeing as the authorities don't appear to have objected to its release - yet - this could pave the way for more apps from US companies to enter the Chinese market.
‘The establishment media is now part of the deep state'…
Fantastic segment. Newt Gingrich with Sean Hannity last night…
NBC's “Law & Order: SVU” is going Broadway in an episode airing next month. Great White Way vets Patti LuPone (“Evita,” “Sweeney Todd”), Jeremy Jordan (“Finding Neverland”) and John Pankow...
Yes, she can sing. For her New York stage debut, Emma Thompson is aiming high: She's taking on the amoral Mrs. Lovett in Stephen Sondheim's “Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber...
A new art group will be holding its debut exhibition at Arundel's Norfolk Centre running from March 26-28, 10am to 5pm each day.
It will be the first public outing for the Middleton-based DIY Art Club.
Spokeswoman Yvonne Clay said: “We are an art group that formed last July out of the Middleton-on-Sea scout HQ. We meet twice a week. We meet on Thursdays and Fridays.
“We have grown to 34 people now which I am very pleased with.
“At one stage we were down to just three people on the Thursday, and I thought I was going to have to close it.
“We are a non-profit-making organisation.
“But we had some subs left over and we have now been able to put on our first exhibition.
“We are all different abilities in pastels and watercolours and acrylics. Some are better than others, but we all help each other out.
“We have a selection of reference books and books to inspire us, and we have tea and coffee and lots of nattering.
“It is really, really nice. I always say that the first session is free and then come back if you like us.
“After that, it is £4 a session.”
As for the exhibition: “It would be nice if people bought some stuff. That's always a great boost.”
But really, it is about getting recognition for the group and for the talents of its members.
“I just want people to appreciate what we do. The majority of us are painting for our own pleasure, and if you can sell something, that will be the icing on the cake.”
They meet every week of the year, not just term time: “It is a nice social thing for single people.”
Friendship, welcome and mutual support are key features of the group.
As for Yvonne's work, she does animals.
“I am not good at buildings. I am a bit hesitant about people.
“But I do really enjoy doing animals.
“I love doing zebras and tigers and penguins and puffins. Now I am doing art more, I look at the holiday catalogues, and if I see a nice picture, it might inspire me.”
More from Phil on https://www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
See also https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/idlewild-s-roddy-woomble-on-getting-over-his-mid-life-crisis-1-8418535
When the moment came over breakfast in the Lions' Rotorua hotel this morning, it was as straight to the point as you'd expect given the characters of Warren Gatland and Peter O'Mahony.
“He just gave me a nod at breakfast, and fired it at me, and obviously I was delighted,” said O'Mahony in explaining how the Lions head coach approached him and asked him to captain the tourists in their match against the Maori All Blacks.
Asked if there was any more to the conversation than that, O'Mahony said: “No, no that was it.” O'Mahony smiled, as did Gatland alongside him. But if the Munster captain was inclined not to make a big deal out of the issue, he admitted that it was nonetheless an enormous honour.
“It's a huge honour. Obviously to be picked for the Lions at all is a massive honour. To get the nod from Warren this weekend is hugely special, not just me but for all the clubs, people and family who have put effort into me. It's a huge honour.”
Getting stuck in
The trick now will be to preside over a winning Lions team. “We're looking to build on Saturday, build on our ‘learnings' from Tuesday. That's what this tour is all about. It is a tight turnaround, but as a group of players you've got to prepare for that before you arrive, you know they are coming thick and fast. Guys are well prepared, the recovery structure we have is excellent, so no excuses, we're getting stuck in, in training.
“We want to win but first and foremost we need a performance. Whatever comes after that is what comes. We need to be stepping up and guys to stick your hands up.”
Peter O'Mahony, Taulupe Faletau and Maro Itoje all start for the Lions against the Maori. Photograph: Billy Stickland/Inpho
This was not about competing for Test starting spots in O'Mahony's view.
“You've got to do it justice, not just for yourself but for everything the Lions stands for, for the guys that don't get the chance at the weekend, you're playing for the 41 and everything that goes behind. There's a huge amount of honour that goes into the jersey, and you have to show it every time you put it on.”
A turning point in Gatland's time as coach was when he and the Irish management made wholesale changes and dipped heavily into the Munster zeitgeist for the rejuvenating 44-22 win over Scotland in 2000, and he clearly hasn't forgotten. Prior to the Crusaders game he had talked about O'Mahony bringing some of the Munster dog, or mongrel
“I think sometimes that you're looking, it's not something that you can quantify what Munster brings to a game. It's a special pride, sometimes the performances they can produce, it's done consistently over the years. Being able to dig deep and bring performances from places where individuals and collectively people often can't do.
“That's what Peter will bring to the team on Saturday.”
A Labour Party campaigner has been suspended after posting an allegedly anti-Semitic video which showed three councillors doing a Hanukkah dance and wearing traditional Jewish clothes.
Housing campaigner Daniel Harris was accused of racism after he superimposed the faces of three Brighton Labour councillors to the clip and posted it online.
Daniel Harris (Picture: SWNS)
But the video, which he described as 'a bit of fun', backfired and he was branded anti-Semitic by Jewish community leaders due to the spoof Facebook video posted on Thursday (December 7).
He said said he apologised 'if my post did offend anyone'.
The one-minute clip showed Brighton and Hove City Council leader, Warren Morgan, and his colleagues Anne Meadows and Caroline Penn, wearing traditional Jewish clothes.
Daniel, who has campaigned on housing issues in Brighton and Hove for Momentum, has been suspended by the party since Thursday.
One party member said that the video, which Daniel switched to one showing the three councillors as elves two hours later, was part of a pattern of abuse directed at councillors online and in person.
Fiona Sharpe, communities consultant at the Sussex Jewish Representative Council, said: "We are very disappointed by the video posted on Facebook by Daniel Harris, a local Labour activist.
"His depiction of three local councillors as Orthodox Jews surrounded by the Star of David is not viewed as 'fun' by the Jewish community.
"We see it as a crass uneducated insult aimed at our community. Does Mr Harris think it would be amusing to portray councillors dressed in hijabs or turbans?
"We welcome his prompt suspension and acknowledge the many councillors that engage and work positively with the Jewish community.
"However, this is not the first time that there have been issues of antisemitism surrounding the local Labour Party.
"Whether they are real or perceived, the damage that that perception does is clear. We are very concerned to know that Mr Harris was being considered for selection to stand as a Labour councillor.
"We would call upon the local Labour Party to ensure that all potential candidates and current elected officials receive training in community awareness and sensitivity so that they are better equipped to understand what is funny and what is outright antisemitism and bigotry."
Daniel Harris denied he was racist and said he only bought the video for £1.99 online.
He added: "Having been suspended yesterday (Thursday) by the Labour Party for an alleged antisemitic post, which I categorically deny. I am utterly devastated.
"I want to condemn all forms of racism. As a gay man who has been victim to two incidents of homophobic hate crime this year, I know full well the challenges people from minority groups face.
"I would never take part in any form of racism. The application elfyourself.com is a seasonal fun dancing application in partnership with Office Depot where you upload images.
"I purchased two videos. One which had an elf and the other Hanukkah. The three councillors faces were added and I posted.
"The posts were meant to be a bit of fun not racist, they were purchased online and are available to anyone with £1.99.
"I fight for vulnerable people in the community and as a result of being fairly vocal on issues, I believe this whole incident is a political ploy by the right in Labour to deny working class voices and smear the left.
"I've already recieved threats and abuse online and a targetted media smear with people like Ivor Caplin former MP running to the press.
"Reflecting back today I was definetly naive to not consider this backlash.
"I believe that these actions of constantly contacting the press to smear good people is what really brings the Labour Party into disrepute. Smearing good community campaigners and pushing for more negative press is not right and should be called out.
"Finally I want to end with an apology if my post did offend anyone, It was certainly never meant to offend. It was meant to bring seasonal joy, not more divisions."
A Labour Party spokesperson said: “The party takes all complaints extremely seriously. A Labour Party member has been suspended from the party pending an investigation.”
Ecosmob, a renowned VoIP and mobile app service provider, announced white label mobile dialer application development services for addressing complex voice requirements of global enterprises and service providers.
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioral side effects, but changing one's political or cultural views is not one of them.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel her show: "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting," she wrote.
Until this week, Ambien's most headline-grabbing behavioral side effect was "sleep-driving," essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so.
But people also have reported making phone calls, eating meals, having sex and doing other things that they don't remember after taking so-called "sedative-hypnotic" medications. People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried "the Ambien defense."
Advertisement
Doctors call these "complex sleep behaviors." On its official Ambien labeling, manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects "abnormal thinking and behavioral changes" — changes that can include decreased inhibition.
"It's behavior that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time," explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse. It's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol, he added, and it can be hard to tell if the behavior really was due to the drug.
And while it's not clear how common such side effects are, Ambien's instructions clearly state: Take it right before you get into bed, and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours.
"You should take it and lie down. Read a book or something" but don't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in, said Dr. Marc Schlosberg, a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that "while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr later tweeted that she has had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. "I blame myself, not Ambien," she tweeted.
A Sacramento County husband and wife were the two people killed in Sunday's plane crash in Petaluma, the Sonoma County Sheriff's Office said.
Richard Bristow, 67, was piloting his Van's RV-6 airplane with his wife, Susan Bristow, 67, in the passenger seat when the single-engine aircraft went down around 4 p.m. after taking off from the Petaluma Municipal Airport, daughter-in-law Colleen Bristow-Campbell said Tuesday. She declined to offer additional details.
Greg Varozza, a former real estate colleague of Richard Bristow, said his friend had retired from the industry, and was an experienced pilot and cancer survivor who took to flying cancer patients across the country for treatments. The couple was married for several decades, he said, and Susan Bristow often traveled with her husband on other business trips.
The Sonoma County Sheriff's Office and Petaluma police and firefighters responded to Sunday's crash about a thousand yards east of the airport on East Washington Street near Old Adobe Road. Multiple witnesses called 911 and raced over in attempts to render aid after seeing the plane crash.
Police said it appeared the plane was trying to return to the airport before it crashed.
The NorCal Flight Center, where Richard Bristow was involved in neighboring Placer County, posted a Facebook message Monday offering its condolences. The post pointed to the plane losing power on takeoff as the cause.
Calls to the flight school went unanswered Tuesday.
“Our thoughts and prayers go to the family of our friend Richard Bristow and his wife,” its message read. “He was a huge contributor here at the airport, and he and his wife will be missed greatly.”
The National Transportation Safety Board hasn't released the cause of the crash. Its investigation is ongoing, the Sheriff's Office said.
He challenges youths to set high goals and to 'work as hard as you know how'
In his annual back-to-school message to students, President Barack Obama talked about the need for students to buckle down and get to work. He acknowledged that for many students that's a tall order, and underscored how important this generation of students is for the country.
“I know that you've got a lot to deal with outside of school,” he said. “Issues that used to stay confined to hallways or locker rooms now find their way into your Facebook feeds and Twitter accounts. And some of your families might be feeling the strain of this economy. You might have picked up an after-school job to help out, or maybe you're babysitting for a younger sibling because Mom or Dad is working an extra shift.”
He talked about the fact that students are growing up faster and interacting with the wider world in a way that most adults did not have to do at such an early age.
“I don't want to be another adult who stands up to lecture you like you're just kids,” Obama said. “Because you're not just kids. You're this country's future. Whether we fall behind or race ahead in the coming years is up to you. And I want talk to you about meeting that responsibility.”
The president told the students that they need to start with being the best student they can be — not always getting a perfect score on every assignment or getting straight As all the time, though he told them that's a good goal to strive for.
“It means you have to work as hard as you know how,” he said.
Obama said school is for discovering new passions and acquiring the skills to pursue those passions in the future. He also challenged the students to set high goals.
“I want all of you to set a goal to continue your education after high school,” he said. “And if that means college for you, just getting in isn't enough. You've got to finish.”
I love what the president said about teachers: “Teachers are the men and women who might be working harder than anybody. Whether you go to a big school or a small one, whether you attend a public, private, or charter school, your teachers are giving up their weekends and waking up at dawn. They're cramming their days full of classes and extracurriculars. Then they're going home, eating some dinner and staying up past midnight to grade your papers.
“And they don't do it for a fancy office or a big salary. They do it for you. They live for those moments when something clicks, when you amaze them with your intellect and they see the kind of person you can become. They know that you'll be the citizens and leaders who take us into tomorrow. They know that you're the future.”
President Obama ended by underscoring his main point: “I have no doubt that America's best days are ahead of us because I know the potential that lies inside each one of you. Soon enough, you'll be the ones leading our businesses and our government; you'll be the ones charting the course of our unwritten history. All of that starts this year. Right now. So I want you all to make the most of this year ahead of you. Your country is depending on you. Set your sights high. Have a great school year. And let's get to work.”
Regardless of personal politics, I believe we can all agree that is exactly the message we want all our students to hear.
— Bill Cirone is Santa Barbara County's superintendent of schools.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brummies have reacted after Uber users called out the taxi-hailing app for its surge pricing model.
It came after one passenger was given a proposed charge of up to £149 from Harborne to Solihull today.
An anaesthetist on her way to care for patients undergoing cancer surgery slammed the service as the city faced travel and traffic chaos in the midst of an icy snow blast.
The surge pricing model - which is automatic - comes into effect during busy periods.
But, alarmingly, it has meant some passengers face having to fork out more than four times the normal rate.
Dr Daman Mullhi shared details of a proposed route and service price on social media.
Staggeringly, it worked out at an astonishing £111 - £149, from Harbone to Solihull Hospital.
The NHS professional eventually used a local minicab firm which charged £30 for the same journey.
Dr Mullhi, who couldn't get a vehicle off the drive this morning, resorted to calling for an Uber alongside countless other Brummies.
The anaesthetist worker was left utterly outraged at the cost.
Dr Mullhi said: "Whilst I understand that taxi firms may charge some additional fees in adverse weather, I feel that the surcharge Uber were placing was ridiculous and quite mercenary."
An Uber spokesman said: "Our app uses dynamic pricing which means fares automatically increase when the demand for cars in a specific area is greater than the cars available.
"Bad weather meant that were many people looking to book a car but fewer cars on the road which caused prices to automatically rise.
"The higher fare encourages more drivers to come into the area so there are more cars for people who want one.
"Users always see a fare estimate in advance so they have the choice to book a car, share the trip with others or wait until fares decrease."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Marcus Byrne Took Uber twice on Saturday, these drivers are self-employed, their insurance for the year is £3500, any bump yesterday would have cost them excess, increased premiums (c£500 they quoted) and loss of earnings. The surge price reflects the fact that many of them took the day off rather than risk it. Don't bother moaning just shop around in extreme circumstances.
Mel Gregory A friend of mine called UBER today for an £8 journey and they asked for £30.
They are thieves taking advantage of us and the weather. Maybe London had the right idea by not renewing their contract
Stevie RS Supply - Demand. Simple business that once again The Mail doesn't seem to understand and would rather criticise hardworking people who work on a Sunday in these conditions.
Andrew Gardiner No different to normal taxi companies my other half called to get a taxi home from work at 6.15 am on Sunday morning normal fare is £5 they wanted £25 for the same journey because it was snowing. She walked home instead
Joe Eveson Maybe don't travel then? If you can't get out then take the advice of pretty much everyone and stay indoors.
Samantha J Laight It was down to supply and demand. Busses cancelled and many other taxi firms closed. I had to leave my car and get an uber yesterday, cost £17 for a trip that normally cost £5 but I was greatful they were still taking fares. Said on their site they were adding x3+ the fare as they were busy. No one's forcing anyone to use them.
Chloe Dainty Absolutely ridiculous. I'm sure if they aren't an uber driver and needed a lift to work etc I'm pretty sure you'd be annoyed like the rest of us! Bloody typical and useless!
Tracy Hewett Uber charged my daughter £20 on Friday to take her 2 miles to work because she couldn't walk in the snow. They are disgusting.
Paul Phillips I can appriciate charging extra, after all it is dangerouse out there but the rates some se to have been quoted is just criminal and exploitation.
Nick Machnik-Foster You are told the cost of Uber upfront as well as any price escalator so it is up to you whether you agree to the terms or not as nobody is forcing you to use the company.
Kath Patten I might be supply and demand. But my pint of milk doesn't cost more when I got to the supermarket during busy times.
Jess Horton After exposing them on Twitter I got a refund of £11, after they charged me £15.30 for travelling 1.4 miles.
BERLIN (AP) — Police say a drunken American man was punched by a passer-by as he gave the stiff-armed Nazi salute multiple times in downtown Dresden.
Dresden police said Sunday the 41-year-old, whose name and hometown weren't given for privacy reasons, suffered minor injuries in the 8:15 a.m. Saturday assault.
Police say the American, who is under investigation for violating Germany's laws against the display of Nazi symbols or slogans, had an extremely high blood alcohol level. His assailant fled the scene, and is being sought for causing bodily harm.
It's the second time this month that tourists have gotten themselves into legal trouble for giving the Nazi salute.
On August 5 two Chinese tourists were caught taking photos of themselves making the gesture in front of Berlin's Reichstag building.
The Speaker of House of Representatives, Mr Yakubu Dogara, said the House would ensure that communities in the country were involved in the design and implementation of projects in them.
Dogara stated this on Monday in Abuja, at a public hearing on a Bill seeking to amend the Environment Impact Assessment Act to make it more responsive.
He said that communities should be able to know how projects intended for them would impact their environment.
The speaker said that it was advantageous for host communities to be part of the process of any project earmarked for them and on how it would help in protecting the environment.
“Today, we are all gathered to make valued inputs and presentations on the Environmental Impact Assessment Amendment Bill.
“This bill seeks to amend the Act to make it responsive by ensuring that project developers, approving authorities and persons whose livelihood will be affected by proposed projects are involved in decision-making on the projects.
“This is to safeguard the environment and ensure adequate remediation of the environment.”
He commended the Ministry of Environment and other stakeholders, including Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) and the academia, for their efforts toward addressing environmental issues in the country.
“Furthermore, I am informed that the Federal Ministry of Environment is taking steps to address the gaps, omissions, inadequacies as well as globally-emerging issues which include strategic environment assessment.
“I recognise the role of all stakeholders – the government, CSOs, the academia, industry operators in various sectors of our economy in advocating for a virile and effective Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) as an environment tool,” he said.
Dogara stressed the need for improved environmental assessment and audit processes and expressed hope that when amended, the Act and policy reforms would ensure a better deal for the environment, the people and industry operators.
He maintained that the “disastrous” effects of some projects had necessitated extensive and more inclusive deliberations before implementation.
He said that attendant disastrous effects of some of the projects across the country had made it imperative for all stakeholders to painstakingly deliberate on the issues.
The speaker commended the House Committee on Environment and Habitat, which convened the public hearing, for its diligence in addressing various lapses and lacuna in environmental laws.
He urged the committee to use the input from stakeholders to formulate an amendment bill that would effectively address inadequacies.
“Our communities and our people deserve the best from us and this 8thAssembly is determined to give them only the best,” the speaker assured.
States and local governments with heavy concentrations of illegal immigrants have long clamored for comprehensive federal immigration reform. But with such reform on the doorstep, many of these states and localities are complaining that they are in line to bear the brunt of the costs for providing health care, education and other services to immigrants who would become legal residents.
“The federal government tends to protect itself from expenses and shift them to states and local governments,” observes Ann Morse, an immigration expert in Washington, D.C., with the National Conference of State Legislatures.
That's exactly what Congress would do in the current language of a bipartisan bill to provide a path to citizenship for an estimated 11 million immigrants who reside in the United States without legal authorization. The Senate has begun debating the bill, and a vote is expected within a month.
When the federal government at President Ronald Reagan's behest last overhauled immigration laws in 1986, states and local governments received $4 billion in impact aid to help defray costs. The present bill includes no such funding.
Lack of impact aid could impose financial hardships on states and localities that only recently emerged from years of belt-tightening during the Great Recession. Need for such aid is especially acute in California, Arizona and Texas and the counties and cities in these states that border Mexico or are significant destinations for immigrants. Florida and New York also have significant populations of unauthorized immigrants.
Los Angeles County alone has 1.1 million unauthorized immigrants, a tenth of the nation's total, and its officials are worried.
“The federal government is going to be protecting itself against costs, and we're going to be left holding the bag,” Mark Tajima, an analyst with the county's administrative office, told the Los Angeles Times.
Much of the impact aid would relieve added costs in health care and education. Illegal immigrants are ineligible for coverage under the Obama administration's health law, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, but some experts believe that Obamacare, when fully implemented in 2014, will spur demand for more immigrant health services. Morse says the extent of this demand is “the great unknown,” while also citing several known costs that immigration reform would impose on states and local governments with high numbers of unauthorized immigrants.
For example, health-care screening is required of everyone who applies for U.S. citizenship. This would boost medical costs at a time when states are strained by Medicaid, the federal-state program that provides health care for the poor and disabled. English-language proficiency is another citizenship requirement of the bill. This means additional adult-education spending, which in many places has been cut for budgetary reasons.
The political fault lines on immigration reform shifted after the 2012 election, in which an overwhelming percentage of voters of Hispanic and Asian heritage cast their ballots for President Barack Obama and other Democrats.
Many Republicans who had previously opposed providing a path to citizenship for unauthorized immigrants abruptly found merit in this idea; one of them, Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., a conservative and potential GOP presidential candidate, is a prominent co-sponsor of the bill pending on the Senate floor.
The seismic shift on immigration has been felt in the states. After momentous Republican statehouse victories in the 2010 midterm elections, most of which were preserved in 2012, legislatures passed numerous laws restricting unauthorized immigrants. Vestiges of this approach persist in the South. Earlier this year the Georgia Legislature passed and the governor signed a bill barring such immigrants from obtaining driver's licenses, public housing and retirement benefits in the Peach State.
Overall, however, the mood in the states in 2013 has changed to one of offering immigrants a helping hand. Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval, a Republican, recently signed a bill that would allow immigrants to obtain driver's licenses, bringing to six the number of states that now permit this. Colorado and Oregon have passed laws allowing immigrants to pay in-state college tuition. A South Dakota bill that would have made it a felony for an employer to hire an undocumented worker was killed in committee.
Even when states rebuff immigrants, they now tend to do so in anticipation of federal action. In Florida, for instance, Republican Gov. Rick Scott vetoed a bill known as the “Dream Act Driver License Law,” passed almost unanimously by the Legislature, that would have allowed children of undocumented immigrants to obtain driver's licenses. Scott's rationale was that Obama's 2012 executive order suspending deportation for noncitizens brought to the United States as children did not have the full force of law absent congressional approval. These “Dreamers,” as they are known, would be high on the list for citizenship under the pending congressional immigration bill.
Earlier this year, Utah Gov. Gary Herbert, a Republican, signed SB 225, which postponed for two years a law that would have created a guest worker program for undocumented immigrants in the Beehive State. Utah growers, like those in other states, complain of a shortage of domestic agricultural workers. The Obama administration signaled it would challenge any state attempt to establish a guest-worker program on grounds the federal government has pre-empted the issue. Utah's postponement reflects a belief that the pending federal law, which includes a guest-worker provision, will address their concerns.
But will the federal bill, while dealing with these issues, also help pay the bill for states and local governments? Lobbyists for states and cities hope so. After meeting with Los Angeles county and city officials, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., directed her staff to look into the possibility of creating a “state impact assistance fund” similar to the one in the 1986 bill. Such impact aid, backed by organizations representing state and local governments, is expected to be offered as an amendment on the Senate floor. Such a floor amendment was added to the 2007 immigration reform bill proposed by the late Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., and Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz. The amendment passed, although the bill did not.
Immigration reform, as they say of old age, is not for the faint of heart. More than 300 amendments were offered to the immigration bill in the Senate Judiciary Committee, of which 140 were adopted. And even though bipartisan support for the measure appears to be rising, some Republicans insist on beefed-up security on the Mexican border as a condition of support. The U.S. government, spending $18 billion in 2012 alone, already has built 650 miles of border fence and deployed 21,000 Border Patrol personnel.
Immigrant-advocacy groups say illegal immigration has been dropping since 2007, due less to the border enforcement than a scarcity of jobs in the United States and a reduced Mexican birth rate. Even so, the pending bill would provide another $3 billion for drone surveillance and additional patrol officers.
Although advocates on both sides of the issue are passionate, much remains unknown about illegal immigrants in the United States, according to a report by Jeffery Passel, a senior demographer at the Pew Hispanic Center. The 11 million figure so widely used is at best a rough estimate, he says. Of this number, Passel estimates that 55 percent to 60 percent, between 5 million and 6 million people, are from Mexico and that many of these are families with children who have come to the United States to settle.
Under the bill as now written, these immigrants would be eligible for provisional status if they paid fees, fines and taxes. They could gain legal residency a decade after the border was declared secure and be eligible for citizenship after 13 years. These provisions, absent from the 1986 bill, seem onerous to immigration advocates, who note that illegals have been paying taxes all along. In fact, Stephen Goss, chief actuary of the Social Security Administration, has estimated that undocumented workers contribute about $15 billion a year to Social Security through payroll taxes while taking out only $1 billion a year since few of them are eligible to receive benefits.
At the same time, however, it's clear that costs for providing health care and educating unauthorized immigrants impose an added financial burden on the states and local governments in which they are concentrated. Compensating these governments for these costs should be part of immigration reform.
— Lou Cannon, a Summerland resident, is a longtime national political writer and acclaimed presidential biographer. His most recent book — co-authored with his son, Carl — is Reagan's Disciple: George W. Bush's Troubled Quest for a Presidential Legacy. Cannon also is an editorial adviser to State Net Capitol Journal, which published this column originally. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
Better than expected quarterly earnings reports are, once again, giving life to the markets. This morning Wall Street is expected to benefit as tech stock shares are gaining with a recent report of $9.5 billion in profits for Google owner Alphabet. Netflix and Apple are both still feeding investor appetites for tech stocks with their recent earnings reports.
Tim Hortons and Burger King owner Restaurant Brands International also reported better than expected earnings last quarter. However, Tim Hortons by itself saw a slight dip in business by .003.
On Bay Street experts say the TSX is looking at another positive start as oil prices continue to grow worldwide. Crude prices are edging higher this morning with Western Texas Intermediate up to 69.07 a barrel and Brent Crude climbing to 74.21. Analysts say the slump in US crude supply and concerns over geopolitical tensions in the Middle East are fueling the growth.
The Loonie is steady at 77.85 cents US.
The city recognizes 97 projects for their efforts to reduce fossil fuel consumption and improve efficiency
The Santa Barbara City Council on Tuesday held its fourth Solar Design Recognition Awards Ceremony at City Hall.
The program was established to promote a reduction in fossil fuel consumption, efficient use of energy resources and aesthetically integrated systems into building designs, according to a city staff report.
“It's a wonderful activity to recognize those who are willing to reduce their use of fossil fuel and install solar energy systems,” Santa Barbara homeowner Robert Johnson said. “We have four systems in our home, and it's great to open up that Edison bill and see $1.83 every month.”
There are three categories under active solar energy system projects, or photovoltaic and solar thermal systems: not publicly visible projects, design challenge publicly visible projects and special challenge projects.
Passive solar energy system awards recognized projects that met the guidelines in building siting, orientation, materials, construction techniques and landscaping.
On Tuesday, 97 projects received award certificates, and 11 of those 97 were awarded plaques for exemplary installations.
Dr. Robert Emmons, managing partner of investment partnership Emmons Capital, lives on Cima Linda Lane where he and his wife Christine have two systems installed.
Also honored were the 40 homes in the Las Barancas neighborhood — one of the first 100 percent solar neighborhoods in Santa Barbara County, according to Planet Solar Inc. CEO Ben Siebert said.
“It's always good to bring everyone up to date to the fact that so many people are making substantial investments in solar and reducing our dependence on fossil fuels,” said Emmons, who saves about three-quarters of his monthly energy bill. “The thing that surprised me was the range of users that were at the ceremony — everyone from commercial, city, private residents and apartment complexes.”
More than 426 systems have been installed in the city, and 140 are pending installation. The city has installed 517 kW of solar installations on its own structures, including the Santa Barbara Airport quick turnaround facility and Fire Stations 1 and 2, according to the city staff report.
“It's fantastic and rewarding to see more and more solar going up, and I know other municipalities are in the process of modeling over-the-counter permitting for solar,” said Megan Birney, a renewable energy expert for the Community Environmental Council. “In Santa Barbara, it takes an hour for solar permitting, and in other, let me say ‘jurisdictions' it can take 132 days on average.”
See below for a complete list of award recipients.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Solar Awards
CREATIVE TALENT: Barb Woods, with therapist Chris Cave, shows some of her great work.
AKOORAMAK resident Barb Woods is still hard at work, proving age is no barrier for a kind soul who wants to do good.
Tucked away in her room at Warwick's aged care facility, Mrs Woods and her sewing machine are running hot, churning out dozens of items each morning for international women's organisation Days For Girls.
The charity provides washable feminine hygiene kits for women in Third World countries and Mrs Woods has so far put together about 500 pieces for the kits.
Mrs Woods said she liked to keep herself busy.
"When local Days for Girls representative Rosemary Easton came to Akooramak to talk about the organisation and ask if anyone would like to help, I jumped at the chance," she said.
"The kits include absorbent flannel pads, pad holders, travel soap, a zip lock bag for washing, two pairs of underpants and instructions, all in a bright drawstring bag.
"My friend, Jean Heeks, assembles the pad holders from five pieces of material and I sew them together."
Mrs Woods said she received a new batch to put together every month.
"I get in and do them all quickly and spend the rest of the time on my other projects," she said.
"Doing this for Days For Girls really gives me a lot of satisfaction.
"In some countries, feminine hygiene is quite taboo and young women can be shunned by their peers.
"So we make it all very bright and washable and include instructions and information about safe sexual practice.
"It's all very worthwhile."
When she's not busy with her Days For Girls work, Mrs Woods is also hard at work making toys, most recently for the Akooramak Easter raffle.
Denis Grabe Takes Down the 2018 Aramith 9-Ball Players Championship
Denis Grabe
During the third weekend of April, Alex Kazakis of Greece and Denis Grabe of Estonia squared off in the finals of the Dynamic Billiard Ballazzo Open in Austria, with Kazakis besting his 28-year-old friend in the finals, 9-5.
The following week, the two men moved across the Atlantic and met again in the finals of a tournament – the Aramith 9-Ball Players Championship. This time, it would be Grabe evening the score, using a combination of ball pocketing and stellar safety play to easily defeat the young Greek 17-7 Sunday evening at Astoria's Steinway Billiards.
“I wanted to win because last week we played in an Eurotour event and he beat me. So, this was a sweet revenge,” said Grabe, who also lost to Kazakis in the quarterfinals of the Kremlin Cup last year.
The match was nip-and-tuck in the early stages, as Kazakis won the first two games then watched as Grabe sunk the 2- ball on a jump shot following a push out – the first of four consecutive games that he would win to take a 4-2 lead. Kazakis fought back with three straight wins of his own and had a chance to increase his advantage to 6-4 but missed a 4-9 combination shot.
“The turning point of the match was that. After that it was only in favor of Dennis all of the time,” Kazakis said. “I didn't really have a chance to be at the table. I only had tough shots to make and I missed all of the tough shots.”
Grabe would tie the match after the missed combination attempt, then use two breaks and runs along with frustrating safety play to win the next seven games and take an 11-5 lead into the 15-minute intermission.
Of Grabe's 17 wins only three were of the break-and-run variety despite not executing a dry break the entire match. With few clear shots after opening the game, Grabe had to focus on tying up his opponent with safety play and then taking advantage of any mistakes, which he did throughout the match.
“When you're breaking and you always have the first shot you always have the advantage,” Kazakis said.
After the break in play Kazakis' frustrations continued. Despite Grabe twice relinquishing control of the table after consecutive illegal breaks Kazakis still didn't see a clean shot on an object ball – losing a safety battle in one game and missing a cut shot on the one-ball in the side pocket in the next rack. Meanwhile, Grabe used a 2-9 combo, some more safety play, and another miss by Kazakis on a 3-ball in the 24th game to close out the match.
The Estonian opened the tournament by narrowly escaping Alex Pagulayan 11-10 in the first round then was sent to the one-loss bracket after an 11-9 defeat at the hands of Lee Vann Corteza. Grabe then defeated Ronnie Alcano, Joey Korsiak, and Ruslan Chinahov on Friday to reach the Saturday quarterfinals and face Petri Makkonen. Grabe ran six straight racks on his way to an easy 13-3 defeat of Makkonen, then took advantage of some mistakes from Dennis Orcollo to win 13-8 and advance to the finals.
Image copyright Facebook/Family Handout Image caption Laura Mortimer was found dead alongside her daughter Ella Dalby in the early hours of Monday
A man has been charged with the murder of a mother and her 11-year-old daughter.
The bodies of Laura Mortimer, 31, and Ella Dalby were found at a house on Dexter Way, Gloucester on Monday.
Officers had been called to reports of two people with serious injuries but the pair died at the scene.
Christopher Boon, 28, also of Dexter Way, is charged with two counts of murder and is due before magistrates in Cheltenham, on Thursday.
Image copyright PA Image caption Alongside the family's tributes, Ella's school has said she would be "deeply missed"
In a floral tribute left outside the house, Ms Mortimer's mother wrote: "To my very beautiful daughter Laura and beautiful granddaughter Ella.
"You will always be in my heart and be loved and missed very much. Lots of love, sleep tight, Mum and Hen."
It is understood Ms Mortimer ran her own business, Sweet Beginnings, offering specially-designed bridal gowns and wedding planning services.
A $1.9 million roundabout, the preferred option for easing congestion at the intersection, is beyond the city's budget
After years discussing how to solve the chronic traffic backups at Las Positas Road and Cliff Drive, the Santa Barbara City Council voted Tuesday to move ahead with adding traffic signals to the intersection.
In doing so, the council decided not to pursue a more costly roundabout, its preferred approach to what is now a three-way stop.
The council voted 5-2, with Councilman Grant House and Councilwoman Cathy Murillo dissenting, to move ahead with a traffic signal in 2015 while researching whether other bids would come in lower than the $1.9 million estimated for a roundabout.
Public Works Director Christine Andersen briefed the council on the intersection, which ranges in level of service from A, the highest, to F, depending on the time of day, with afternoon and evening times being the most congested.
The city was awarded a $750,000 grant for the construction phase of the project, but that was more than 10 years ago, when construction costs were considerably less.
A roundabout would cost about $1.9 million, with grading for the roundabout as well as more complex design and construction bumping up the price tag.
The total cost of adding signals at the intersection comes to $895,198.
“Regardless of the option, we're still looking at an additional commitment of city resources,” Andersen said.
With a traffic signal, engineers expect a level of service B, declining to a C by 2035.
With a roundabout, traffic levels would be at level B and stay at B by 2035.
The city's Transportation and Circulation Committee recommended that the city stick with the roundabout design and look for more money. But city officials were unsuccessful at finding money to make up the difference.
Andersen recommended that the city move forward with a signal because construction for that option is fully funded.
“There are a lot of reasons why a roundabout is attractive, but we bring this to you because we don't have a way to fund it,” she said.
House said he was concerned about the safety of a signal there, noting that people would speed up to try to make the light so they wouldn't have to wait for the next cycle.
“That has fatality written all over it,” House said. “I don't think it's going to be better, I think it's going to be worse, from a safety perspective.”
He encouraged the city to look for other contractors that could work within the city's budget.
Councilmen Dale Francisco and Bendy White said they supported moving forward on the signal because it was more financially feasible for the city.
Making needed improvements while being able to fund the projects is a problem shared by many governments, White said.
“I think this is emblematic of our nation's transportation system,” he said, and opposed looking at funding the remainder of the project from reserves.
Anderson said the Public Works Department could go back and discuss what kinds of features could be reduced with the roundabout to save money.
“We all agree, this is the more elegant solution,” Andersen said.
Mayor Helene Schneider asked Anderson to present the council with any cost savings staff is able to find.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Fred's Football Forecast: October 6, 2017 October 6, 2017
Fred Ligget FredL@lstribune.net
Ray Pec at Lee's Summit (Friday Night Lights Tour Stop)
Ray Pec has lost to both LS North and LS West. Can Lee's Summit make it a trifecta in 2017? Both teams enter this game at 2-5 and could use a win desperately. Only one team will get well with a victory on this night. By a slim margin, the home team, Lee's Summit Tigers will be the ones feeling well.
Blue Springs at Blue Springs South (Wild Card Game)
Expect the usual here as both teams are good and are happy to renew this citywide rivalry. The Jaguars are hot right now, winning 3 games in a row. Blue Springs will be up for the challenge and score a road win here.
Columbia's Hickman at Lee's Summit West
LS West is coming home for a homecoming night, and they want a win too. The Titans finally see their own stadium and face a Kewpies team, who has faced a daunting schedule in 2017. At 6-1, the Titans are feeling good and will feel even better after scoring another home win.
Park Hill South at LS North (Llywelyn's Pub Pick of the Week)
LS North enjoyed a big win over rival Lee's Summit but then suffered through a sad week with a loss to Blue Springs in a game that was delayed a day, due to an incident at the school. The good times return this week for the Broncos as they claim a home win against the visiting Panthers.
Summit Christian Academy at Butler
Two in a row for the SCA Eagles, can they make it three in a row and even their mark at 4-4? I say they can as they travel south to Butler to face a team struggling at 1-6.
Graceland at Evangel (HAAC TV Game of the Week)
Evangel is at home in this contest between two teams who have struggled with consistency this season. This game is being played at Ozark HS so hopefully a good-sized crowd will find it. No matter who shows up, the TV camera's will show the home town Crusaders getting the win.
Pitt State at Fort Hays State (MIAA Game of the Week)
Fort Hays State has enjoyed a banner season so far, with upset wins over Central Missouri and others, to be tied for 1st place in the MIAA with a 5-0 record. The Tigers are tied at the top with top-ranked Northwest Mo. State. The Tigers "Good Times" in 2017 will continue for another week with a win against the Gorillas.
KC Chiefs at Houston (Celebrity Forecaster, The Sin Bin)
The Chiefs continue to stake their claim as the best in the NFL, now at 4-0. Coach Andy Reid will have his team ready for another prime time matchup, this time against Houston. This will be a back & forth game, but a big special team play from Tyreek Hill will be the difference. Chiefs go to 5-0 with a 27-21 win.
This Football Forecast is sponsored by Llywelyn's Pub 301 SE Douglas Downtown Lee's Summit.
(CBS Local) – Gun owners around the country are blowing up expensive coolers after the NRA accused outdoor lifestyle company Yeti of joining a nationwide boycott of the gun-rights organization.
According to a letter from Marion P. Hammer of the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action, Yeti has cut ties with the NRA and is refusing to do business with the NRA Foundation or offer discounts to members. “YETI should be ashamed. They have declined to continue helping America's young people enjoy outdoor recreational activities,” Hammer claims in the April 20 statement.
In response to the news, NRA members and supporters have begun taking their frustrations out on the company's hottest item: outdoor coolers. In a number of online videos boycotting Yeti, gun owners are seen destroying the expensive containers by loading them with explosives and shooting them. “This Yeti ain't ready,” South Carolina resident Bryan Atkinson declared before obliterating his cooler.
The pricey coolers reportedly cost anywhere between $250 and $1,300; making a discount on Yeti camping and hunting gear very helpful to consumers. “If Yeti can't stand behind the NRA, I ain't standing behind Yeti no more,” Atkinson added in a Facebook post.
Yeti is disputing the NRA's claims that they've joined a boycott against pro-gun Americans. “Yeti notified the NRA Foundation, as well as a number of other organizations, that we were eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs,” the company wrote in a statement posted to Facebook. The outdoor lifestyle supplier added that they're offering business partners like the NRA alternative programs and called claims that Yeti was turning their backs on young gun owners untrue.
Several organizations including airlines and rental car companies have cut ties with the National Rifle Association in the wake of the deadly Parkland, Florida school shooting which killed 17 people in February. Since the shooting, many Americans have lashed out at the NRA for their stance on assault rifles and lobbying efforts against tighter gun laws.
Although Yeti says that their policy change on discounts is not related to the boycott, the decision was made less than two months after groups began to cut ties with the pro-gun group. Bank of America joined the movement in mid-April when the company announced that it would no longer lend money to companies which produce assault-style weapons for civilians.
The Year in music from Mediabase 24/7. Here is a look at the Top 50 2016 YEAR-END CHART
1 ADELE HELLO
2 SHAWN MENDES STITCHES
3 MEGHAN TRAINOR LIKE I'M GONNA LOSE YOU
4 TAYLOR SWIFT WILDEST DREAMS
5 RACHEL PLATTEN FIGHT SONG
6 JUSTIN BIEBER LOVE YOURSELF
7 WALK THE MOON SHUT UP AND DANCE
8 ELLE KING EX'S AND OH'S
9 CHARLIE PUTH ONE CALL AWAY
10 JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE CAN'T STOP THE FEELING
11 ED SHEERAN PHOTOGRAPH
12 PINK JUST LIKE FIRE
13 TAYLOR SWIFT STYLE
14 DNCE CAKE BY THE OCEAN
15 RACHEL PLATTEN STAND BY YOU
16 JASON DERULO WANT TO WANT ME
17 LUKAS GRAHAM 7 YEARS
18 ADELE SEND MY LOVE (TO YOUR NEW LOVER
19 ANDY GRAMMER HONEY, I'M GOOD
20 CHARLIE PUTH SEE YOU AGAIN
21 ADELE WHEN WE WERE YOUNG
22 X AMBASSADORS RENEGADES
23 JAMES BAY LET IT GO
24 R. CITY f/ADAM LEVINE LOCKED AWAY
25 SIA CHEAP THRILLS
26 KELLY CLARKSON PIECE BY Pieces
27 JUSTIN BIEBER SORRY
28 THE WEEKND CAN'T FEEL MY FACE
29 BEN RECTOR BRAND NEW
30 OMI CHEERLEADER
31 COLDPLAY ADVENTURE OF A LIFETIME
32 SHAWN MENDES TREAT YOU BETTER
33 JUSTIN BIEBER WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
34 ELLIE GOULDING ON MY MIND
35 BON JOVI THIS HOUSE IS NOT FOR SALE
36 SELENA GOMEZ SAME OLD LOVE
37 MCGRAW HUMBLE AND KIND
38 TWENTY ONE PILOTS STRESSED OUT
39 ELTON JOHN LOOKING UP
40 HALEY REINHART CAN'T HELP FALLING IN LOVE
41 RUTH B LOST BOY
42 NATHAN SYKES f/ARIANA GRANDE OVER AND OVER AGAIN
43 ROB THOMAS PIECES Atlantic
44 CHARLIE PUTH f/SELENA GOMEZ WE DON'T TALK ANYMORE
45 ANDY GRAMMER GOOD TO BE ALIVE (HALLELUJAH)
46 KATY PERRY RISE
47 MICHAEL BUBLE NOBODY BUT ME .
48 SAM SMITH LIKE I CAN
49 X AMBASSADORS UNSTEADY
50 RIHANNA SLEDGEHAMMER
Former Canterbury Bulldogs NRL chief executive Raelene Castle is reportedly set to take over as Rugby Australia's new boss and make another piece of sports administration history.
A number of media outlets ran reports late on Monday evening and early Tuesday morning that Castle would be appointed to succeed incumbent CEO Bill Pulver.
When he announced in August that Perth's Western Force was being cut from Super Rugby, Pulver said he would stand down once a replacement was found.
His contract is due to expire next February and it is not yet clear if he will see out his tenure Rugby Australia has yet to confirm the reports, though that may happen later on Tuesday.
Advertisement
If confirmed, Castle would become the first female boss of any of the national governing bodies of the four major football codes in Australia.
Santa Monica's celebrity magnet high-rise rental at 1221 Ocean Ave. is getting a multimillion-dollar makeover by Donald Bren's Irvine Co., in part due to festering mold. Public records show that...
Stephen Peck
Mesa Legend
The Lady Thunderbirds were riding high after winning against Glendale Community College, at home. The women beat the Gauchos after a double overtime tie with the Arizona Central Matadors. They carried this momentum in against the Cougars of South Mountain. The first goal came from the foot of Mia Martinez, assisted by Martina Bueno. A 1:18 later, Bueno put in her own unassisted goal, putting the Thunderbirds up 2-0. Esmerelda Cervantes scored her own unassisted goal 15 minutes later. In addition, a little over two minutes later, she sent another unassisted goal in the back of the net. She would not complete the hat trick for the game.
The Lady Thunderbirds, Joceline Bojorquez, put in the final goal of the first half, unassisted. The onslaught for the Cougars did not stop in the second 45 minutes. Maia Gajate scored unassisted within 3:19 of the second kickoff. The Cougars defense stepped up after the having a sixth Thunderbird goal hit the back of the net. At 72:20 the Cougar defense faltered and Maddison Ross, assisted by Taylor Roser, scoring goal number seven for the Lady T-Birds. The final goal of the match came just over six minutes later. Elle Betz, assisted by Cierra Poarch, put in the eighth goal.
The Lady Thunderbirds were the clear aggressors in the match. They took 19 shots, 11 of those the South Mountain keeper successfully kept out of the goal, and 5 corner kicks. According to the Arizona Community College Athletic Conference (ACCAC) Scoresheet, the Cougars only had two shots on goal. The Lady T-Birds followed up this victory with another notch in the win column against Cochise College, 2-0. And, a notch in the loss column against Pima Community College. They play against Paradise Valley and Gateway before having almost a week off. They will return to John D. Riggs Stadium on Sept. 30. to face the Fighting Artichokes of Scottsdale Community College.
Welcome to the first edition of Boos & Bravos, the catchall column for Here's Something. When the news is fast and furious, the reader can expect a few shortened essays to fill this space.
Let's get to this week's rants and raves:
• Bravo to President Donald Trump for breaking the cycle of American appeasement of North Korea and its cultish Kim dynasty.
Of course we Americans don't want war, but we also don't want rogue nations gaining nuclear weapons and openly fantasizing about striking our country. I believe Kim Jong-un when he threatens Guam and our homeland. and I'm glad we finally have a president willing to stand up to him.
This is why people voted for Trump. To be a tough guy and break the cycles that have bound our nation. I'm not too worried about North Korea using their nukes since China and Russia have joined with us, but I am concerned about them partnering with terrorist entities who will do their bidding. That's the more likely end game when it comes to North Korean-made nukes.
• Boo to the media for nearly ruining the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse with incessant talk about how we need to wear ISO-approved glasses so we don't ruin our eyesight looking at the full corona.
We already have the Nanny State, which overly protects the health and safety of We the Sheeple, but now I'm realizing we also have a Nanny Media, which thinks we're incompetent, too.
Everyone knows not to look directly at the sun. Our parents told us that long ago. We get it. If that's the most interesting story about this eclipse, then our media have lackluster imaginations. If they need story ideas, here's one: Why not cover the amazing fact that beautiful eclipses only happen because the disk of the moon is perfectly sized to cover the disk of the sun from our vantage point here on Earth? If Earth were any closer, the moon would totally blot out the sun; any further away and the moon would swim inside the sun's bright light.
I learned this in Astronomy 101 and I keep expecting someone to report it. But I've yet to hear any media story mention this fact. News regarding the correct viewing glasses was fine the first time I heard it, but I've seen or heard it now at least 10 times. It just shows how much the media enjoy telling their readers and viewers how to behave and what to fear.
And the stories won't go away when the eclipse is over. Look for Aug. 22 and 23 newspapers and TV broadcasts to interview the folks who were blinded by the light. “You burned your retina out!” they'll exclaim like Ralphie's mother in “A Christmas Story.”
• Bravo to a U.S District Court judge in Portland for coming down hard on Michael Liberty, the Gray businessman who will serve four months in federal prison for campaign finance violations.
Liberty, who lives part-time in a gated compound beside Crystal Lake on Route 26, used nine family members and employees to funnel $22,500 of donations to a presidential campaign in 2011, thereby sidestepping the $2,500 limit on personal donations.
Liberty has done good things for individuals and institutions in Gray and elsewhere in Maine, but he's been in trouble with the law before with real estate deals gone awry. It's just nice that Judge D. Brock Hornby didn't go easy on someone with a famous name and massive wealth. As much as people complain about America's unbalanced scales of justice, Liberty's punishment helps reassure us that everyone lives under the same law.
• Boo to the effort in Portland to impose rent stabilization, i.e. rent control, on the city's landlords. I understand rent is high on Munjoy Hill and elsewhere on the peninsula, but what do you expect for living in one of the best places on the East Coast? Why punish the landlords?
Portland is prime property for business and recreational activity. If they can't afford their rent, folks should move out to the surrounding suburbs. Doing so would ignite a downward force on rents, since landlords would find fewer people willing to fork over their exorbitant rents. The law of supply and demand works. Introducing the government and price fixing into the equation isn't needed.
It really doesn't matter whether rent control is adopted anyway, because pretty soon the entire Portland peninsula will be overtaken by hotels. Portland is changing folks. Hipsters who want to live in the middle of the action, rather than commuting to it like the rest of us, should look to Portland's neighboring communities for new digs.
John Balentine, a former managing editor for Sun Media Group, lives in Windham.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Viilla chairman Tony Xia has admitted that Aston Villa need to make widespread changes after failing to win promotion back to the Premier League.
The owner issued a statement this evening to explain that there will be a different approach next season as Villa embark on a third season in the Championship.
This is what he said in full:
"I know that all the Villa fans experienced a very frustrating and disappointing Play-Off Final last Saturday.
"After seeing many Villa supporters on Twitter hoping that I can publish a statement as soon as possible, I feel like it would be best for me to write the following words when I am relatively calm.
"I care as much about this club as anyone.
"Even though I am back in Beijing, I still can't recover from our game at Wembley.
"The emotion needs time to heal.
"However, I know that all our management staff, coaches, players and myself need to get back on our feet and prepare to fight again.
"Like everyone else, I'm delighted to see that under Steve's management this season, we demonstrated character and unity.
"We fought like a team.
"Indeed, the loss is a pity, but we know how much effort and hard work our coaching staff and players put in this season.
"I want to thank Steve from the bottom of my heart, particularly for his remarkable level of professional focus despite losing his parents this year.
"With that, I would like to say thank you to Steve and his coaching staff once again for leading the team forward wholeheartedly throughout the season.
"We are all aware that we will face severe FFP challenges next season.
"I am an Aston Villa fan. But I am also a businessman. Under the current circumstances, I think the club needs to rethink not only the past two years but also the past ten years.
"Villa needs to be a sustainable football club. People join. People leave.
"That is the cycle of football.
"But the football club always remains through it all.
"This is the ultimate reality that cannot be changed, but I can assure you that everyone behind the scenes is working tirelessly towards achieving our ultimate goal.
"We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons.
"However, the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things.
"No one wanted to see the club have to go through this, but I believe that only changes can help the club to progress towards the positive direction and this requires the joint efforts of everyone associated with this great football club.
"No matter what the changes will be, I sincerely hope that everyone can unite and overcome the challenges together.
"Our goal has not changed and as long as we believe, regardless of how tough the process will be, I am sure we will succeed in the end.
"Thank you very much once again for all your support.
Chairman Dr Tony Xia "
Black hole
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play, Birmingham Live understands.
A football finance expert has explained how Villa's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer.
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals.
"The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m," a source told us.
"Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer."
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made.
When asked if players would be sold, Bruce replied:
"Yes.
"This season has been difficult, financially.
“We understand, or I have understood, about Financial Fair Play.
"But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or haven't got."
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks.
Saturday's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward.
These things take time, of course, and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship.
Elsewhere, a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to.
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley.
Bruce's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions.
The club's most valuable asset, Grealish, is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
Cash cuts
“It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
Aston Villa shunned by midfielder as promotion failure sees club 'lose some appeal' - reports
Colossal wage bill
“The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it's simply not sustainable in the Championship.
“It's going to be a very big summer. They're going to have to sell the crown jewels, I suspect. The problem that they're going to have is that other clubs know they're in a financial pickle and they'll be trying to get them on the cheap.
“If you take a look at their first season in the Championship, they were losing around £800,000 a week, and that was on parachute payments of around £40million.
“Next season it's down to around about £15million so there's got to be severe cutbacks. I'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because he would have been on a decent wage.
“Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I've seen his contract, and that's eye-watering. Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one.
“The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players. They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club.
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
"Then you have the owner, who's based in China – he's going to have to work out whether he continues to bankroll the club to the same extent.
“There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap, and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players.
“If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them, but I think it's whether or not they'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans.”
Assessing the summer
Aston Villa's worst nightmare has become a reality and testing times lie ahead.
The books were balanced, to an extent, last summer by manager Steve Bruce as several players departed to boost the coffers.
Ex-England and Chelsea captain John Terry, Glenn Whelan, Ahmed Elmohamady and Chris Samba were all handed lucrative contracts with the funds raised and Bruce utilised his contacts book to snap up three players on loan.
With five players out of contract, five loanees to return to their parent clubs, six players set to return from loan spells away and lots more to be decided, this is the most important summer transfer window in Aston Villa's 144-year history.
Dr Tony Xia cut a glum figure as Sky Sports' cameras zoned in on him during the latter stages of Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
It hasn't panned out the way the Chinese businessman planned after buying out Randy Lerner two years ago.
Xia and his trusted Villa Park colleagues face some big decisions this summer.
Who leads Villa?
The first big decision Xia, chief executive Keith Wyness and director of football Steve Round have to make centres around manager Steve Bruce.
By his own admission Bruce has failed to achieve what was asked of him this term.
The manager has previously hinted that he ‘won't be here next year' if promotion wasn't achieved.
Meanwhile, during a meeting with Villa supporters' groups, neither Wyness nor Round committed to keeping Bruce on as manager in the event of Wembley failure.
With four Championship promotions on his CV and an enviable queue of Premier League managers willing to do him favours, Bruce has all the skills Villa require.
“I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I'm fit to do it,” Bruce said of his future in the immediate aftermath of Villa's Wembley woe. “I will carry on.
“I've been doing it for a long time and I'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition.”
With Bruce apparently intent on giving promotion another crack, the ball is firmly in the Villa hierarchy's court.
The Goleta Water District plans to invest $3.9 million in capital improvement projects for the next fiscal year and prioritize projects that reduce the risk of costly future repairs.
Its Board of Directors has approved a $32.5 million budget for the 2013-14 year and expects to spend $11.3 million of that to secure enough water to meet customer demand, according to Assistant General Manager David Matson. He said in a statement that the district will also set aside $403,000 for reserves to prepare for building resources for emergency response.
“The district has been actively working to increase vital operating and capital reserves which will reduce ratepayer risk and improve emergency response flexibility in the future,” board president Bill Rosen said.
The board also has approved rate increases for water customers, which are effective July 1.
The district, which serves 87,000 customers in the Goleta Valley, will celebrate its 70th anniversary in 2014.
They system's 270 miles of pipeline connect with Lake Cachuma, the State Water Project and the Corona Del Mar Water Treatment Plant.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
The Museum of Fine Arts Houston is partnering with the Oscar de la Renta company to bring a collection of the famed designer's work to Houston.
Beginning this weekend (Oct. 8, 2017) and running through Jan. 28, 2018, the Museum of Fine Arts Houston will feature an exhibit called The Glamour and Romance of Oscar de la Renta. The exhibition showcases nearly 70 fashion ensembles sourced from the corporate and personal archives of the famed fashion designer, Oscar de la Renta.
Houston Matters producer Joshua Zinn spoke with the CEO of the Oscar de la Renta corporation, Alex Bolen, who had a close personal connection to de la Renta, to find out what Oscar the man was like as a person.
The exhibit, of course, is about fashion, and the MFAH wanted to do something similar to the de la Renta retrospective that was in done in San Francisco. So, the museum partnered with the Oscar de la Renta company and Andre Leon Talley, former editor-at-large for Vogue, to bring a retrospective to Houston.
Joshua also talked with Cindi Strauss, who is one of the curators of the exhibit. They discussed the idea that fashion is meant to be worn by people, but, obviously, the displays are all mannequins. So how do they work to make them look so appealing and natural in clothes and accessories?
The Glamour and Romance of Oscar de la Renta:
The complaint was levied against Aeronautics Defense Systems Ltd (ADS), an Israeli defense contractor that specializes in Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) and reconnaissance systems. So the complaint goes, ADS were demonstrating their Aeronautics Defense Orbiter 1K drone to Azerbaijani military leaders in Baku. The Azerbaijanis then asked the Israeli contractors to fly their drone, which was equipped as a “suicide” drone to deliver an 2-pound explosive payload, at a nearby Armenian military position.
The two ADS operators sent to demonstrate the drone refused to follow the request despite threats from their superiors, according to the complaint. Two higher-ranking members of the delegation then attempted to fulfill the Azerbaijani wish, but as they were not experienced drone operators they missed their target. No injuries or damage were reported.
ADS denied that the incident described ever took place. They have “never carried out a demonstration against live targets, including in this case,” according to a statement. “Operational actions are carried out by the purchaser alone and on its responsibility.”
The Israeli Defense Ministry issued a statement of their own, claiming that they are investigating the issue and therefore would not discuss the case. “As a rule, the Defense Ministry does not comment on issues concerning defense exports. The allegation is being investigated by relevant figures in the ministry,” a spokesperson said in a statement on Sunday.
If the test occurred as the complaint states, then ADS is in violation of Israeli law. In order to conduct a demonstration against human targets, Israeli contractors must secure permits from the Defense Ministry. As Armenia is not an enemy state of Israel, it is highly unlikely that Jerusalem would grant such a permit to ADS.
Azerbaijan has bought drones from ADS in the past, and ADS has set up an Azerbaijani subsidiary called Azad Systems to manufacture the Orbiter-3 stealth and reconnaissance drone within Azerbaijan. ADS claim to sell drones and systems to 50 nations in total.
When Azerbaijan became an independent nation in 1991, Israel was one of the first powers to recognize its statehood. In the last year or so, the two nations have strengthened their alliance, making Azerbaijan one of the few Muslim-majority nations to have a positive and strategic bilateral relationship with the Jewish state. Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev claimed that his country purchased $5 billion worth of military equipment from Israel in 2016.
Azerbaijan's defense needs have increased in recent years as it clashes with its neighbor and rival Armenia over Nagorno-Karabakh, a 95-percent Armenian province of Azerbaijan that has de facto seceded into its own independent republic. The two nations warred over control of Nagorno-Karabakh in the early 90s, and sporadic violence has broken out since then.
A 2016 clash between Azerbaijan and Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh left 350 dead according to the US State Department and the Azerbaijanis, and between 650 and 1,650 killed according to the Armenians. Since then, skirmishes have frequently broken out between the two nations, often with fatal consequences. Azerbaijan reported on Monday that Armenia spent the weekend attacking their positions along the border with heavy machine guns, although no casualties were reported.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Vyatkin
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) The future is now in downtown Augusta,
Heavy equipment is starting to roll at the old golf and gardens on Reynolds Street.
Construction is underway on the 50 million dollar Georgia Cyber innovation and Training Center.
Tuesday commissioners approved the agreement to pay for the 12 million dollar parking deck for the facility.
The work will slow down for a while Monday for the official ground-breaking.
The plan is to have the Cyber Center all wired up by July of next year.
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise? Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
5:14 Bogus Basin's 75th anniversary kickoff party
1:50 Brundage Mountain uses fireworks, torchlight parade to celebrate New Year's
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
A former chief superintendent has said he was not the source of an incorrect allegation made about Sgt Maurice McCabe at the 2015 O'Higgins Commission.
Colm Rooney was giving evidence at the Charleton tribunal about a letter drafted in May 2015 which the tribunal chairman, Mr Justice Peter Charleton, has characterised as akin to a “charge sheet” against Sgt McCabe.
Mr Rooney said any contribution he made towards the letter “was factually correct”.
When tribunal counsel Kathleen Leader said the letter had been drafted after instructions from Mr Rooney and Supt Noel Cunningham, Mr Rooney responded: “I don't share that view.”
Mr Rooney is claiming legal privilege over his dealings with the legal team at the commission. It is understood Supt Cunningham, who is due to give evidence on Monday, is also claiming privilege.
Mr Rooney said that while he had signed the letter before it was handed into the commission, he had only done so in relation to “the paragraphs that related to me”.
The letter was drafted over the weekend and handed into the commission on the morning of Monday, May 18th, 2015, after a row over whether the legal team representing the Garda Commissioner could challenge the motivation of Sgt McCabe.
Complaints about officers
The commission was set up to investigate complaints made by Sgt McCabe about policing and other matters. The legal team representing the then commissioner, Nóirín O'Sullivan, was also representing a number of officers against whom Sgt McCabe had made complaints. These included Mr Rooney. The commission ruled that the complaint against him was unfounded and said the same was true of a complaint that could be implied against Supt Cunningham.
The letter drafted to support the legal team's right to challenge Sgt McCabe included an error that implied bad faith on the part of the sergeant. The error came to light in later hearings at the commission after Sgt McCabe produced a secret tape he had made of a meeting he had had with Supt Cunningham in Mullingar in 2008.
As well as the letter containing the error, the commission had also been supplied with a report of the meeting drafted by Supt Cunningham and which contained a correct record of the meeting and accorded with the tape.
The tribunal is investigating whether a false sex assault allegation, or other unjustified grounds, were used by Ms O'Sullivan at the commission to discredit Sgt McCabe.
Poor policing
Mr Rooney apologised for a circular he had posted in all Garda stations in the Cavan/Monaghan area in July 2011, following the completion of an inquiry into complaints of poor policing by Sgt McCabe.
The inquiry was conducted by former assistant commissioner Derek Byrne and Chief Supt Terry McGinn. Mr Rooney said he was visited in his office by Mr Byrne and told of the outcome of the inquiry and had written the circular on this basis. He had not seen the Byrne/McGinn report.
However, he now realised that what was expressed in the circular was not appropriate and that its statement that there had been a vindication of policing standards at Bailieboro station was not warranted.
“I just believed what I was told about the outcome,” he said. Mr Rooney retired later in 2011. The tribunal heard that it was only a few days ago, when Mr Rooney's statement to the tribunal was circulated, that Sgt McCabe first learned that the circular was written without Mr Rooney having seen the Byrne/McGinn report.
Check out the top stories of the day in the Okanagan-Shuswap with Carmen Weld's Black Press Morning Brief.
The City of Salmon Arm will be looking for more funds for snow removal as the majority of this year's budget was exhausted within the first two months.
Emergency personnel are urging caution around icy waters following reports of a person falling through the ice on Sunday.
It's business as usual at the Kelowna International Airport (YLW) today following an incident with a take off Sunday afternoon.
The union representing British Columbia teachers will look to boost salaries, when their contract negotiations open later this year.
Knowledge-keeper Richard Armstrong returned this week to the mountains of his childhood, where he first learned not all words of understanding are spoken out loud.
The Weather forecast today for the Okanagan-Shuswap is calling for mainly cloudy conditions with a 30 per cent chance of showers this morning. High 10 C.
Tomorrow we're looking at mainly cloudy conditions all day with a 30 per cent chance of showers late in the afternoon. High 8 C.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
At the age of 70, Prince Charles has finally got himself a job. Head of the Commonwealth. Though he won't have to learn how to set an alarm clock quite yet. He has to wait until the present incumbent, his 92 year old "mummy," vacates the post.
Charles' anointment last week by the Queen and Commonwealth leaders eerily echoed the way they do such things in North Korea, or more topically, in Cuba, where 86-year-old Raoul Castro was at the same time, presenting his eventual successor to the local politburo.
In London, a similar ritual took place. First, a big slap-up meal in a royal palace, then with bellies full, the Queen sent the delegates off to do their duty after delivering her "sincere wish" to them, that they leave the job, "started by my father in 1949" in her family's safe hands.
And so it came to pass.
Advertisement
So less messy than having a robust debate, or perish the thought, a democratic vote. Our former prime minister Helen Clark said as much to the BBC before the ritual began. There was already enough "argy bargy" over issues such as who will be secretary-general and who will host the next Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting, (Chogm) she said. "What you don't actually need is another set of argy bargy over who is head of the Commonwealth."
The 53 leaders agreed. Prime Minister of Grenada, Keith Mitchell, even rather alarmingly declaring it a good decision because the young men of the Commonwealth needed a strong male role model!
One of the few questioning voices seems to have been British Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn who told the BBC's Andrew Marr that after the Queen, "I think the Commonwealth ought to really get a chance to decide who its own head is in the future … I think maybe it's a time to say well actually the Commonwealth should decide who its own president is on a rotational basis."
Illustration / Peter Bromhead
To me, a simpler solution would be to abolish the role of "Head of the Commonwealth" altogether. That would certainly eliminate the argy bargy of a selection battle, along with the lingering resentment amongst the losing blocs. The United Nations Organisation has survived even longer than the Commonwealth, without a titular "head."
Like the Commonwealth, it has a Secretary-General and that's that. The UN Security Council does have a presidency, but that's rotated around members each month in alphabetical order.
The Commonwealth website is distinctly vague about the functions of the "Head," saying the role "includes a number of symbolic functions" without identifying any. The true head, it seems, is the Secretary-General, currently Baroness Patricia Scotland, who "is responsible for representing the Commonwealth publicly, and is the chief executive officer of the Commonwealth Secretariat."
In addition there's a "Commonwealth Chair-in-Office", a two-year role held by the head of state of the country that last hosted the two yearly Chogm. That's now Britain's Mrs Theresa May. With a Chair-in-Office, and a Secretary-General, why have yet another "head" man or woman?
To me, that role is just a Linus blanket for the British to clutch on to and pretend the sun has not yet set on their Empire that once marked a quarter of the globe a rich imperial red. Today, Anzac Day, when we mourn the 18,000 or more young New Zealanders who died a century ago in the last of the great imperial wars, it's sad that the British and their royals still seem to be able to snap their fingers and have the whole of that old empire genuflect.
I'm all for supporting and belonging to a Commonwealth that represents a quarter of the Earth's land mass and is home to one-third of the world's population. But to be relevant it needs to stop letting itself be used as a relic of empire and a nostalgia trip for the British.
In 2012 it adopted a Charter committing itself to uphold 16 values, including gender equality, international peace and security, oh yes, and democracy. Selecting a hereditary aristocrat from the old "mother country" to lead us into the 21st century, makes a mockery of this commitment.
President Donald Trump's narcissism and apathy stand in the way of his ability to show compassion in the face of the many recent United States tragedies.
President Donald Trump completely lacks empathy and compassion and it's blatantly evident in the pathetic way he has responded to harrowing current events.
In the wake of several back-to-back tragedies, Trump has been everything from coldhearted to totally oblivious, two characteristics that are not befitting of a world leader.
After Hurricane Harvey — which devastated Houston, Texas, and other surrounding areas — Trump took a brief visit during which he failed to meet with a single victim of the hurricane and held a small rally where he bragged about how many people came out to see him.
Read More Before Hurricane Harvey, Trump Reversed Obama Flood Protection Rules
Upon facing stark criticism from mass media and civilians alike, Trump went back to Texas in what we at Carbonated.TV deemed a fake empathy trip when he finally met with hurricane survivors.
Shortly after that, when Hurricane Maria slammed Puerto Rico, a Spanish-speaking U.S. territory, Trump virtually ignored their plight and treated them like second class citizens.
He initially prioritized chiding the NFL for its league-wide national anthem protests over addressing the destruction caused by Hurricane Maria.
When he finally did acknowledge Puerto Ricans, he blamed their debt and pre-existing economic problems for their circumstances. Additionally, it took him several days and being on the receiving end of widespread backlash to finally waive the Jones Act to help more resources and aid get to Puerto Rico's shores.
Adding insult to injury, when he visited Puerto Rico for just four short hours, he distributed rolls of paper towels to displaced civilians by throwing them out into the crowd as if he was tossing souvenir T-Shirts into a cheering audience at a sporting event.
And we cannot forget his now infamous declaration that there were "very fine people" on "both sides" of the Charlottesville, Virginia, mayhem that sparked nationwide conflict back in August. His words suggested that white supremacists are good people when instead, he should have been condemning and disavowing them.
Then, there was his pitiful response to the horrific Las Vegas, Nevada, shooting massacre when he refused to discuss gun violence in any capacity while visiting victims and emergency personnel, but offered them an invitation to the White House.
Trump is equal parts narcissistic and apathetic, which likely doesn't come as a surprise to anyone. However, these traits have been magnified in the midst of the many tragedies that have recently occurred in the U.S., thus making it even more apparent that the wrong candidate was chosen to serve as America's commander in chief.
Read More Trump Targets San Juan Mayor For Slow Puerto Rico Response
Banner/Thumbnail Photo Credit: Reuters, Yuri Gripas
A man has died following a three-vehicle road traffic collision near Legacurry, on the outskirts of Lisburn.
He has been named by police as 50-year-old Gary Wilson from the Lisburn area.
Police closed off the Old Ballynahinch Road on Monday morning following a serious RTC. PACEMAKER BELFAST 14/08/2017
Mr Wilson was the driver of one of the vehicles involved in the crash at the junction of Old Ballynahinch Road and Comber Road, which happened shortly before 7am this morning, August 14.
Inspector Savage said: “The Old Ballynahinch Road is closed from the junction of Saintfield Road to Drennan Road, and the Comber Road is also closed from its junction with Ballynahinch Road to Saintfield Road at this time while police conduct their investigation into the cause of the collision.
“We are appealing to anyone who witnessed the collision, or who has any information which could assist the investigation, to contact 101 quoting reference 200 of 14/08/17.”
A spokesperson for the NI Fire and Rescue Service confirmed that two crews from Lisburn and one from Lurgan attended the incident.
“Using specialist cutting equipment, firefighters released a man who was trapped in one of the vehicles but tragically he was confirmed dead at the scene by Northern Ireland Ambulance Service,” she said.
Reacting to news of the tragic incident, local DUP Councillor Uel Mackin said: “I'd like to express my condolences and sympathy to the family concerned at this very sad and difficult time.
“We don't know exactly what caused this crash as yet, but this is a very dangerous junction.
“There have been a series of accidents and sadly some fatalities at this blind crossroads over recent years and myself and my colleagues have been lobbying for some time for safety improvements to be carried out.
“While some improvements have been made to the junction, it's clear that more work needs to be done.”
Stocks in Asia fell, following U.S. equities lower after a sell-off in technology shares bruised trader sentiment before a key Federal Reserve policy meeting.
Equities fell from Japan to Australia and technology stocks were the biggest drag on the MSCI Asia Pacific Index. U.S. shares slumped as the best performing sector this year was roiled by reports of a Facebook Inc. data breach and Apple Inc. efforts to develop its own screens. After the bell, Oracle Corp. reported sales that underwhelmed investors and Nasdaq futures remained lower. Currencies were steady along with 10-year Treasury yields.
The tech sell-off, that began in Asia on Monday and deepened during the Europe and U.S. sessions, sent jitters through equity markets at the start of a busy week that culminates in the first U.S. interest rate decision under new Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell.
Read more on what to expect from the Fed this week
Powell has hinted to investors that he's open to lifting the policy rate four times this year, rather than the three currently reflected in dot-plot forecasts. Some on Wall Street expect the median projection to rise to four at Wednesday's meeting, while others say there will be no change following a round of mediocre data and policymakers' stated intentions to move gradually.
“There is a great deal of nervousness at the moment,” said Mitul Kotecha, TD Securities senior emerging-markets strategist, told Bloomberg TV. “Risk aversions seems to be creeping higher in general and could weigh on markets in the very near term. ”
Michael Shaoul of Marketfield Asset Management discusses the outlook for technology stocks. Source: Bloomberg
Elsewhere, the Australian dollar traded near a three-month low even as the Reserve Bank of Australia minutes from its March meeting highlighted improvement in the domestic economy. The pound added to gains triggered by a deal between the U.K. and the EU on the transition agreement for the period immediately after Brexit. Oil traded around $62 a barrel and gold was little changed.
Terminal users can read more in our markets blog.
Here are some key calendar events coming up this week:
The Fed decision and Powell's news conference come on Wednesday.
The Bank of England is expected to keep interest rates and its asset-purchase program unchanged on Thursday. Attention will be on language and the odds for a May hike.
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is expected to meet with President Donald Trump at the White House this week as part of a U.S. visit.
Company earnings scheduled for this week include Tencent, FedEx, Porsche, Hermes, PetroChina and Nike.
And these are the main moves in markets:
Stocks
Japan's Topix index fell 0.7 percent and the Nikkei 225 Stock Average slid 0.9 percent as of 10:37 a.m. in Tokyo.
Australia's S&P/ASX 200 Index dropped 0.5 percent.
South Korea's Kospi index fell 0.3 percent.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index retreated 0.8 percent.
Shanghai Composite Index was down 0.5 percent.
Futures on the S&P 500 Index were flat and Nasdaq contracts lost 0.3 percent. The S&P 500 Index fell 1.4 percent the Nasdaq Composite Index lost 1.8 percent on Monday.
Currencies
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was steady.
The euro rose less than 0.1 percent to $1.2345 after climbing 0.4 percent on Monday.
The British pound added 0.1 percent to $1.4041 after its biggest increase in almost eight weeks.
The yen fell less than 0.1 percent to 106.16 per dollar.
Bonds
The yield on 10-year Treasuries was steady at 2.85 percent.
Australia's 10-year yield was down more than one basis point to 2.69 percent.
Commodities
A flight management system (FMS) is a basic module of a modern aircraft system. A FMS is a specialized computer system that automates a wide variety of in-flight tasks such as reducing the workload on the flight crew and to determine the aircraft position. Global flight management system market is projected to grow with a healthy CAGR during forecast period owing to need of better operational efficiency and increased air-traffic. However, vulnerability of FMS to cyber-attacks might hinder the market growth. On the other hand, the growth in retrofit FMS market would provide lucrative opportunities for the market in near future.. The market is highly competitive on the basis of product quality and cost-effectiveness. Merger & acquisition are the major strategies adopted by market vendors to maintain their position within the market. Asia-Pacific is anticipated to lead the market in terms of revenue and growth rate.
Flight Management Systems Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on fit, aircraft type, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the flight management systems market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the flight management systems industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/flight-management-systems-market/request-sample
Flight Management Systems Market Segmentation
By Fit
• Line Fit
• Retrofit
By Aircraft Type
• Narrow Body Aircraft
• Wide Body Aircraft
• Very Large Aircraft
• Regional Transport Aircraft
Flight Management Systems Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the flight management systems market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on flight management systems market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/flight-management-systems-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
By John Lee.
UAE's Minister of Culture has reportedly signed an agreement funding the rebuilding of Mosul's famed al-Hadba minaret, which was destroyed by the Islamic State group (IS, ISIS, ISIL, Daesh) in the last weeks of the war.
According to a report from Rudaw, Minister Noura al-Kaabi signed the agreement with Iraq's Minister of Culture Firiyad Rawanduzi for the $50.4 million project in coordination with the UN's heritage agency.
“This is a historic partnership, the largest and unprecedented cooperation to rebuild cultural heritage in Iraq ever,” UNESCO Director General Audrey Azoulay stated, welcoming the agreement.
More here.
(Source: Rudaw)
(Picture credit: Faisal Jeber)
One of the highlights of the Arizona Cardinals' 20-10 win over the Oakland Raiders on Sunday was the 12-yard touchdown pass from Carson Palmer to Brittan Golden.
Palmer described the play after the first half of the game.
“The first thing that was great was the protection,” he said. “That let me get to my fifth read of the play, which is really, really good.”
The time Palmer had can be seen here:
Good call by Byron Leftwich, Carson Palmer threw a laser to WR Brittan Golden for a TD, O-line gave him a clean pocket. (rush 4, dropped 7) pic.twitter.com/96oiIvCy8g — Mike Jurecki (@mikejurecki) August 14, 2017
“It was a four-man rush,” he continued. “I had a great pocket, and we just got through the reads, got through the play, and Brit did a good job winning the one-on-one matchup in the end zone. It was third-and-10, third-and-goal from the 10 or 11, so it's a tough situation to win, but Brit did a great job getting open.”
That play gave the Cardinals a lead they never relinquished, and it was the starting offense's only drive. They were effective, converted third downs and turned the drive into points.
It was as good a series as the Cardinals could have expected from the starters.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends, family, and — if you're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga. The Joanne singer and her creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “naughty elf” costumes this weekend. Gaga's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “Born This Way” hitmaker dubbed herself “Mistress Claus.”
Related: Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long, pointy ears and a green bodysuit, Gaga merged the festive with the provocative. Her squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes, velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole.
“We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears!” Gaga captioned the Instagram album. The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born. It was recently announced that Gaga would use her given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film.
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year, here:
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans to ban people from taking "upskirt" photographs are due to be put to MPs later this year.
An amendment to the Voyeurism Offences Bill has been scheduled that would make the cruel craze a specific offence in its own right - and could result in paparazzi photographers brought before the courts.
Victims' groups and campaigners said there are narrow avenues for prosecuting offenders within the current law, with concerns that a lack of legal protection for women is seeing offences repeatedly go unpunished.
It comes as the first figures on the prevalence of upskirting - published by the Press Association last month - showed girls as young as ten among the alleged victims, targeted in public locations such as restaurants and at festivals.
Liberal Democrat MP Wera Hobhouse, who has tabled the Bill, said such a move would allow the law to "catch up with technology".
She told the Press Association: "It is, on the face of it, a vile, discriminating and outrageous practice.
"I personally have not - fortunately - had this unpleasant experience, but it is just outrageous, it is humiliating for anybody who has that happen to them and it has a deep impact on them.
"It is so obviously in your face a wrong thing and yet our law has not kept up with this practice."
According to the draft Bill, a person would be convicted of upskirting if they take an image or video beneath a victim's clothing, to view their genitals or undergarments, without consent.
The image would fall foul of the law if it was used for sexual gratification or if it caused humiliation, distress or alarm to the victim.
A suspect could be convicted even if they failed to capture an image - the intention to film would be enough to secure a prosecution.
Bath MP Ms Hobhouse said anyone convicted of upskirting could face a two-year jail term at crown court.
She said she was due to meet with Victoria Atkins, minister for crime, safeguarding and vulnerability, in the week before the Bill is due to garner support.
She said: "Everybody seems to say: 'what reason would there be to be against it?'
"I hope also to persuade the minister (Ms Atkins) to take a kindly look on this small change of law.
"Nobody has said anything against it. The main person to get on board is the minister. She was very open-minded about discussing this. Hopefully it will run in an open door.
"People can be obnoxious or party political about it but I think a sensible look at this will just simply lead to having that change in the law.
"If people want to be that stuck-in-the-mud about it and say: 'oh, it's the Lib Dems proposing it and that's why I'm against it', that would be a very silly argument.
"Any objection would just be party political, I think.
"I can't think anybody in their right mind would be against it. It is actually just a very small change in the law and would make a big difference to thousands of women who currently are unprotected and suffer harm."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Labour MP Richard Burgon, who has campaigned on the issue, said: "Thanks to the tireless work of campaigners, upskirting is an issue that politicians are starting to take more seriously. Every opportunity to raise this important issue in Parliament is welcome.
"Sadly, backbench bills of this kind very rarely become law. It is governments that drive forward legislation but this Conservative government is dragging its feet on making upskirting a specific criminal offence.
"Six months ago the Conservatives committed to looking into outlawing this disgraceful, intrusive and abusive practice. The Government should know that the pressure will continue to mount to ensure that the law is changed.
"The Conservatives should do the right thing now and come forward with legislation. If they do, Labour will support them. If they continue to fail women, then Labour will enact measures to outlaw upskirting when we come to office."
Clare McGlynn, professor of law at Durham University, said: "This bill is a very welcome first step towards modernising our laws to protect and support victims of image-based sexual abuse. But more needs to be done.
"Upskirt images taken for financial gain or entertainment still won't be covered. Sharing upskirt images will only be covered where the perpetrator did so to cause direct distress to the victim.
"Photoshopped images are not covered, nor are threats to distribute without consent.
"The current law is a patchwork of out-of-date and often confusing provisions. It focuses too much on the motives of perpetrators, rather than on the harms to victims. It grants anonymity to some victims (voyeurism) but not to others (revenge porn).
"We need a comprehensive and modern law that covers all forms of image-based sexual and supports victims."
A Liberal Democrat MP has unveiled plans to ban people from taking "upskirt" photographs.
Wera Hobhouse said such a move would allow the law to "catch up with technology".
Q. What is upskirting?
A. The definition is currently applied to the practice of taking an image or video up somebody's clothing in order to see their genitals or underwear. While the vast majority of known cases involve men targeting women, the roles can be reversed. The first available data on the prevalence of upskirting showed victims as young as ten complaining to police. Currently, there is no specific law in place banning the practice.
Q. But haven't people been convicted of upskirting?
A. While Scotland has had its own law on upskirting for almost a decade, the law in England and Wales has not adapted to advances in technology. Currently, anyone in England and Wales who falls victim to the cruel craze can explore possible convictions for voyeurism, public disorder or indecency. But campaigners say this is inadequate because criteria for a conviction down these channels - such as the incident being witnessed by other people - is not always available.
Q. So what will the new law say?
A. According to the current draft wording, an amendment to the Voyeurism Offences Bill, a person would be convicted of upskirting if they take an image or video beneath a victim's clothing, to view their genitals or undergarments, without consent. The image would fall foul of the law if it was used for sexual gratification or if it caused humiliation, distress or alarm to the victim. A suspect could be convicted even if they failed to capture an image - the intention to film would be enough to secure a prosecution.
Q. And the punishment?
A. Those convicted of upskirting at a magistrates court can receive a jail term of up to 12 months or a fine. At the crown court, where the more serious cases are heard, a conviction will attract a jail term of up to two years.
Q. Given the weight of public support for the law, is it expected to be given the go-ahead?
A. Just because campaigners say they have cross-party support it does not mean the bill will sail through the legislative process, particularly because it is a Private Member's Bill - not one included in the Tory manifesto at the last general election. The Bill is scheduled for a second reading in the House of Commons on May 11 but will have further bureaucratic hurdles to clear before becoming law. First of all, it has to get on the reading list. Then, if just one MP objects during that reading, the bill will be shunted to the back of the pile and can spend months languishing in purgatory. If it is read with no objections, it will progress to the committee stage for possible amendments, before returning to the Commons and the Lords. Only then will it become a criminal offence.
Created in collaboration with Roland Sands, the bike features a new paint scheme and other design accents
The Scrambler Mach 2.0 is a homage to the Scrambler Mach 1 250 which was launched in the sixties. Ducati collaborated with Californian bike customiser Roland Sands, who found inspiration in the Bell Cross helmet sold in the Scrambler 2017 collection. His inspiration works, with the bike exuding a 70's West Coast vibe. Mechanical changes include a lower handlebar, Flat Track Pro seat and black accents in the form of blacked-out exhaust, handlebar and engine covers. The engine cylinder head fins, though, get the brushed aluminium finish. The bike looks striking with its painted fuel tank and rear fender featuring coloured stripes.
Mechanically, the 803cc air-cooled L-twin motor remains unchanged, the BS-IV compliant motor making 73PS at 8250rpm and 67Nm of torque at 5750rpm.
Dimensions-wise the Scrambler Mach 2.0 remains similar to the stock Scrambler Icon. It weighs 186kg and has a seat height of 790mm. Fuel tank capacity is 14 litres. Dynamically, the Scrambler is a blast, with a sharp 24-degree rake and suspension components like the 41mm upside down Kayaba front fork with 150mm of wheel travel and Kayaba rear monoshock which gets adjustment for preload and rebound.
The 10-spoke 18-inch front and 17-inch rear alloy wheels are wrapped in dual-purpose MT tyres so you can indulge in mild offroading without worry.
Ducati will be selling the Scrambler Mach 2.0 at Rs 8.52 lakh (ex-showroom, India). That's nearly a lakh and a half over the base Scrambler Icon which is priced at Rs 6.97 lakh. In the Scrambler group, the Mach 2.0 sits between the Classic and Cafe Racer, which are priced at Rs 8.48 and Rs 9.32 lakh. The Scrambler Mach 2.0 is available for delivery across all 7 Ducati dealerships in India viz. Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Pune, Ahmedabad, Kolkata and Kochi.
The hunt is on for Kettering's kings and queens of the dancefloor to take part in a glitzy charity dance event later this year in aid of Cransley Hospice.
Strictly Kettering is taking place again this year on Friday, October 19, and will be held in the backdrop of the Lighthouse Theatre in Kettering.
A spokesman for the organisers said: “The hunt is now on for Kettering's King or Queen of the dancefloor!
“Do you know an enthusiastic and committed extrovert who loves to be in the limelight? Make sure you get them to sign up for this fantastic challenge!”
Cransley Hospice is looking for ten dancers who will be paired up with professional dance tutors from Debbie's School of Dance at the official launch event on August 17.
The spokesman added: “Then follows ten-weeks of rehearsals, where the ‘celebrities' will learn to shimmy their way through a ballroom dance, a Latin dance and a fabulous showdance to try and win over the judges on the final performance night!
“Dancers will also be tasked with some fun-filled fundraising for Cransley Hospice, with all of their fundraising efforts equating to additional points scores on the night.”
To nominate a friend or colleague, or for more information, email the fundraising team at Cransley Hospice at info@cransleyhospice.org.uk.
There are also sponsorship opportunities available for the event, allowing companies to secure a VIP box for the finale on October 19. Use the same contact details for information.
Ticket information will be released nearer to the event.
Hi-Rez Studios is immediately hiring an experienced Senior Gameplay Programmer to work at our studio in Alpharetta, Georgia.
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed SMITE, Paladins, & Tribes: Ascend; as we embark on exciting new online game projects.
What a Gameplay Programmer does:
Involvement in all areas of game development including Programming of Graphics, Game Logic, Artificial Intelligence and User Interface
Implementation of gameplay features and improvements using the Unity Engine, both 3D and 2D.
Troubleshooting and delivering solutions to programming defects.
Design and architect other client or server systems.
Work closely with design and art disciplines in the development of products, and be actively involved in a highly iterative process.
Daily communication with team members and production.
Support and contribute new ideas to game design
Develop effectively with a mobile platform in mind.
Write robust code to be used by millions of users.
Independently create complete solutions from scratch.
Who we are looking for:
Wide understanding of different game technology areas (gameplay, graphics, tools etc.)
Exceptional C/C# design and programming skills.
5+ years of software programming experience.
Bachelor's degree or greater in Computer Science or similar discipline (Math, Physics, CE or EE)
Experience with owning and driving the development of a gameplay feature from start to finish
Self-motivation and willingness to participate in many areas of game development
Comfortable prototyping and working with iterative development processes.
Strong passion for games.
Preferred candidate has:
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of his death earlier this week.
Related: Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty: ‘A Long Lost Brother'
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty's tremendous influence on her.
“To me, Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized: complex simplicity,” she revealed. “It said so much in the lyrics, the concepts, the stories, the message, the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone's head. He motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘Free Fallin.” Count me as one of them.”
Swift famously covered Petty's timeless 1977 single, “American Girl,” releasing it as a single and performing it on her Fearless tour in 2009. Check it out below.
Malacañang on Monday said President Rodrigo Duterte is working toward a “win-win” solution to lawmakers' proposal to hike Social Security System (SSS) pensions by P2,000 a month, following opposition from his economic managers.
In a statement, Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said Duterte was yet to make up his mind on the issue.
“The President is looking for a win-win solution where he can give pensioners the increase they have been asking for while ensuring that SSS will remain solvent at all times,” Andanar said.
What is clear for now is that the President does not want taxpayers to subsidize the SSS, a position also held by his economic managers, he said.
“As the President said, he does not want to use taxpayers' money, especially money of non-SSS members, should funding problem arise because of the increase. He will again confer and meet with his economic managers to solve the impasse,” he added.
A joint resolution on the P2,000 SSS pension hike is pending before the House of Representatives and the Senate.
If the increase is approved, the first tranche of P1,000 can be released by January 2017.
In a recent interview with ABS-CBN News, Duterte admitted that Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno and Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez 3rd were against the proposal because the SSS could go bankrupt.
“The end-game is that the government has guaranteed the solvency always of SSS so that if it runs short of money, government must go in. The problem is, you'll also involve non-SSS members, because you'll get the money from taxpayers,” Duterte said.
“The problem is that we promised the people, so we will just have to go somewhere in there,” he added.
Dominguez, Diokno, and Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia earlier said that without an “upward adjustment or restructuring of the contribution rate,” the unfunded liabilities of the SSS would increase from P3.5 trillion to P5.9 trillion if the proposed pension hike is approved.
They even claimed that the pension increase could “adversely affect the Republic's credit rating.”
During the previous 16th Congress, a version of the proposed P2,000 SSS pension hike was passed but vetoed by then president Benigno Aquino 3rd, citing “dire financial consequences” for the SSS.
The SSS supported Aquino's position, warning that a hike would shorten its fund's actuarial life.
Alternative proposal
Senate Majority leader Vicente Sotto 3rd on Monday urged the economic managers of President Duterte to take a look at his “more acceptable” proposal on the planned SSS pension increase.
Sotto was referring to his Senate Bill (SB) 1068 which does away with the P2,000 across-the-board pension increase for all SSS pensioners. It seeks to adjust the minimum monthly pension to P2,000 from previous P1,200 for SSS members with at least 10 credited years of service, and maximum of P3,000 from the previous P2,400 for those with 20 credited years of service.
Sotto said the increases would be moderate as it was aimed at helping the lowest bracket of pensioners, but across-the-board increases could still be allowed in the future with enough SSS funds.
“Real pension increases are better than big future increases that cannot be funded,” Sotto told The Manila Times.
The Senate, before it went on a Christmas break, approved a resolution calling for an immediate increase of P1,000 in the monthly pension of all SSS pensioners.
Sen. Richard Gordon said the SSS must fulfill its promise because the reason the Senate agreed to a P1,000 initial pension increase was because senators were told the SSS won't be able to afford the full amount of P2,000.
“They (SSS) must live up to the end of the bargain. They promised the P1,000. We amended the P2,000 to P1,000 because they said they can't give the P2,000,” Gordon said in a phone interview.
He said the SSS board must also show its efficiency in collecting dues and maximizing assets to increase the pension fund's actuarial life.
Gordon said the SSS, with its new board, should be more aggressive, such as by investing in public-private partnerships which are guaranteed by the government, instead of Treasury bills, which have a low yield.
“But I think we're all looking at our previous experience with the SSS, which is abysmal. They have billions in non-performing assets, they have very well-paid executives but they've not done their job. Now they have a new board, I thought they will be aggressive,” said Gordon.
The senator said that if the President needs more time to study, “let us give him the study time he needs,” he added.
Prime Minister Theresa May has announced a snap general election.
There was anticipation over the unexpected statement outside Downing Street, which is only used for major announcements.
She will now need to get the backing of two thirds of MPs in the House of Commons tomorrow, Wednesday, to overturn the Fixed Term Parliament Act meaning the next General Election must be 2020.
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on her previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020.
Mrs May said the lack of “unity” in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required.
“We need a General Election and we need one now,” she said.
Explaining the timing, Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin.
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act, MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
“Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said he welcomed Mrs May's announcement because it gave “the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first”.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS. In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
More to follow...
The Kelowna 2020 bid committee joined the City of Regina and the Regina Pats last week in celebrating the 100th Mastercard Memorial Cup.
It was a busy week, filled with meetings and discussions with the Regina bid committee, as well as members of the OHL, WHL, and CHL.
The committee left Regina feeling invigorated and filled with many great ideas on how to shape their bid as they move forward towards the bid date set to be heard in Calgary on Oct. 2 and 3.
Joining Kelowna in the 2020 Memorial Cup bidding process are Kamloops and Victoria who've also announced their intent to bid. However, Tom Dyas, Chair of the Kelowna 2020 bid, is confident about the city's opportunity to be successful in the process.
“The City of Kelowna is well positioned to host the 2020 MasterCard Memorial Cup. We have the perfect venue, and we've made significant investments in infrastructure across the city but more importantly, we have the most supportive and engaging community in Canada,” said Dyas.
RELATED: Rockets to bid on 2020 Memorial Cup
Other than bragging rights, winning the 2020 MasterCard Memorial Cup would have a significant economic impact within the community. The Committee estimates the city could see an economic boom ranging from $12 to $15 million dollars.
When asked what would help Kelowna's bid, Dyas responded, “the one thing which would help increase our prospects for winning the bid, is if we were to go into the 2018-2019 Kelowna Rockets season with a sellout of season tickets.”
From the meetings held in Regina, the committee stressed the importance of showing the league Kelowna's commitment and desire as a community to host the Memorial Cup.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Raman With A Girl In A Pub
In the upcoming episode, Raman will be seen with a girl in the pub. She tries to get cosy with Raman, but he tells her that he wanted to hurt someone, so he used her and now, her work is done. The girl gets upset.
Ishita Worried About Raman's Behaviour
On the other hand, Ishita is worried about Raman's drinking habit and the girl. She feels that the girl might take advantage of Raman, who is innocent. She calls Ruhi to aske whether he has returned home.
Ruhi Lashes Out At Raman
Ruhi is confused as to why Ishita is worrying about him, who has hurt her so much. Later, in the morning, Ruhi lashes out at Raman for drinking daily and coming home. Raman doesn't want to listen to her as he feels Ishita is guiding her to do so.
Romi & Mihika Argue
On the other hand, Romi is upset with the situation at home. Without Mihika's knowledge, he makes a down payment for a house! He asks Mihika to shift with him as he is fed up of people fighting in the Bhalla house.
Roshini Rushes To Raman To Inform About Raid At Bhalla Office!
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Roshni gets to know that Bhalla's office is going to get raided. She rushes to Raman to inform the same to him. Well, it has to be seen as to how will Raman react on seeing Roshni.
Raman Is Seen Wooing A Girl
According to the latest spoiler, Raman will be seen wooing a mysterious girl, whom he meets at a pub to make Ishita jealous. He starts to have an affair with her.
The Girl Files Molestation Case Against Raman
But things backfire on Raman, as the girl traps Raman! She will file a molestation case against Raman, who will land in jail!
Ishita Helps Raman Silently!
Will Ishita remain silent, as Raman has been troubling - abusing, insulting and disrespecting her! The answer is no! Apparently, she will be a silent helper, who will help him get out of the jail!
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Pittsburgh Penguins goaltender Casey DeSmith, left, stands in the crease as New Jersey Devils celebrate a goal by Travis Zajac 19) during the second period of an NHL hockey game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Newark, N.J.
By Debra Filcman
Alice in Chains has announced a North American headlining tour that will kick off in Boston on April 28, 2018.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
SCARBOROUGH – The Rams built a substantial lead in the early going at Scarborough on Saturday afternoon, June 10, jumping out 4-0 in the first quarter on goals by Colby Gould, Alex York and others. But the Storm dug deep after that, and battled back to ultimately seize a 6-5 victory.
“The boys never stopped believing in themselves and what their goal was,” said Scarborough head coach Joe Hezlep simply.
Gorham largely controlled the opening 12 minutes. Gould kicked things off, scoring on a York assist, and York followed him up, scoring after Scarborough keeper Dominic Joy lost his stick behind the net. Jake Dupuis added the Rams' third, then assisted York on their fourth.
One key to the Rams' impressive start was shutting down Scarborough superstar Sam Neugebauer, a task they failed to accomplish when the teams met at the start of the regular season. Scarborough won that game 15-9, Neugebauer scoring six.
“We were able to shut down Sam which was our main plan in the defensive zone,” said Gorham goalie (and All-American) Carter Landry. “They were definitely rattled early in the game, and we are able to capitalize in the offensive end on this momentum.”
The Storm slowly wrenched the momentum away as the game progressed, however. Marco Manfra made it 4-1 midway through the second, assisted by Drew Cusson; Cam Thibault cut it to 4-2 as the break approached. Manfra tallied two more in the third, the first on a feed from Thibault.
“Most of Scarborough's goals were in transition,” Landry said, “which was frustrating. At the same time, it was rewarding to know we could beat them in a settled situation. Then they made a key defensive change and shut down our cutters and it was tough for us to run the offense we were used too. Cam was guarded tight by Reese (Lagerquist, Scarborough junior defender), which put a lot of pressure on Alex.”
Headed into the fourth, the rivals were tied. Then, with 10:40 to play, Marc Guerette seized the first Storm lead of the day. A minute and a half later, Cam Wright balanced the board once again, 5-5, but 45 seconds after that, Manfra got the last word of the afternoon, again assisted by Thibault. Though the teams tussled through eight more minutes, 6-5 is where things would conclude.
Gorham retires for the year at 10-4. Scarborough, 11-2 after dispatching the Rams, moved on to face No. 2 Thornton in the Regional Final, held June 14.
Adam Birt can be reached at abirt@keepmecurrent.com. Follow him on Twitter: @CurrentSportsME
Dominic Joy tracks the action, in net for Scarborough.
Scarborough's Cam Thibault fends off Gorhamite Colby Gould, on the attack.
Ryan Hamblen of Gorham covers Scarborough's Sam Neugebauer. It took a team effort, but the Rams held Neugebauer scoreless in their semifinals matchup on Saturday.
