Fitness-focused deals for the new year highlight today's best deals, but read below to see them all.
Advertisement
Bookmark Kinja Deals and follow us on Twitter to never miss a deal. Commerce Content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here to learn more.
It's a new year, which means a lot of you will be striving to get into better shape. Luckily, Amazon's here to help with great deals on protein powders, vitamins, and supplements from Garden of Life.
Advertisement
All of the offerings here are certified USDA Organic, and the prices are great, so go flex your saving muscles and stock up on your favorite products and flavors. Just note that this is a Gold Box deal, meaning these prices are only available today, or until sold out.
If Garden of Life isn't your brand of choice, Amazon's also offering a buy two, get 30% off deal on vitamins, supplements, and protein products from several manufacturers, including BSN, Cullucor, Vitafusion, and more. Just add any two products to your cart, and you'll see your discount automatically at checkout.
Odds are, you've got a $20 Crock-Pot sitting in a cabinet, gathering dust. But with just a few added features, the humble slow cooker can be one of your favorite kitchen tools, and one of the best models on the market is on sale for an all-time low $31, which is an absolute no-brainer price.
Unlike most entry level slow cookers, the Hamilton Beach Set ‘n Forget is fully programmable on a few different parameters. You could set it to cook for a certain amount of time, after which it'll switch to a keep warm mode; perfect for preparing six hour recipes during nine-hour workdays. You can also insert a thermometer probe, and it'll cook your meat to the proper temperature, and no higher.
I got a very similar cooker as a wedding gift (it didn't include the clip-on spoon), and I use it on a weekly basis. Just be sure to grab yours today, before it sells out.
I bought the FitDesk 2.0 on a whim a couple of years ago, and was surprised both by how viable it was to work at, and how compact it gets when folded up. It fits easily into a closet, or opens up for use while working, gaming, or marathoning Netflix, and is particularly nice out on the balcony.
Today's price isn't the cheapest it's ever been, but it doesn't get a discount often. It's one of the easiest ways I know of to get in better shape for the new year.
APC 11-Outlet Surge Protector, $14 after $6 coupon
Featuring an eight foot power cord, 11 AC outlets, plus coax and phone line protection, this APC surge protector is exactly what you need behind your home theater. Amazon will sell you one for $14 right now (after you clip the $6 coupon), which is an all-time low.
Klipsch ProMedia 2.1, $110 with code JINGLEBELLS
Klipsch's ProMedia 2.1 speaker system is the only three-time winner in Kinja Co-Op history, and BuyDig's taking $50 off the set today with promo code JINGLEBELLS. If you're still using, say, your laptop's built-in speakers, I can't express how huge this upgrade will be.
If you still haven't tried out a home theater bias light, there's never been a better time to pick one up. Vansky's LED bias light strips plug directly into your TV's USB port for power, and stick to the back of the set via built-in adhesive. Once you turn your TV on, the LEDs cast a soft glow on the wall behind them, which can reduce eyestrain when watching in the dark, and improve your TV's perceived black levels.
We've posted deals on these several times now, but today's $12 (RGB) and $10 (white) price points are all-time lows. Just be sure to use code GT8OMP06 at checkout to get the deal.
Mpow Bluetooth Headphones, $20 with code WFWD46FK
2016 was the year of Bluetooth headphones, but if you still haven't cut the cord, here's a pair from Mpow for $20.
KMASHI's insanely affordable battery packs are back down to their lowest prices, including the 20,000mAh model with Quick Charge 2.0. Even if you already have one (if you read Kinja Deals, that's a pretty safe bet), these would make great stocking stuffers. Just be sure to note the promo codes.
A good label maker is something everyone should own, and the highly rated Brother P-Touch is down to just $10 today, its best price in months.
If you remember the old label makers that literally pressed the letters into a piece of tape, this is a bit more advanced than what you're picturing. The P-Touch can print in nine font styles across two lines, along with clipart and special characters, and can even print on multiple label widths, including special iron-on labels.
The next two months are a treacherous time for your waistline, and I'm not just talking about election night stress-eating and binge drinking. That's where the Sweethome-recommended Withings Body comes in.
The Withings Body Composition Wi-Fi Scale looks like any other bathroom scale at first glance, but it can automatically sync your vitals to your phone (including Apple's HealthKit), meaning you can keep track of your progress towards your new year's fitness resolutions. $78 isn't quite as good as a $68 holiday deal we saw last month, but other than that, it's the best price we've seen.
Feeling bold? Amazon will ship you a randomly selected diamond or zirconia sterling silver necklace for $20 or $13, respectively. The minimum values are listed as $24 for the diamond, or $22 for the zirconia, so you're theoretically getting a good deal here; you just won't get to choose what it looks like.
Reebok's Professional Deck is actually an adjustable step, workout bench, and storage compartment all rolled into one, and Amazon's marked it down to $150 today, or roughly $30-$50 less than usual.
Just want a step? The Reebok Aerobic Step is also down to $75, matching an all-time low.
The roguelike survival game Don't Starve shouldn't need much of an introduction, but if you somehow don't have a copy sitting in your Steam library, you can fix that for $4 today.
Note: Will also run on Mac or SteamOS
Blessed are the cheesemakers, but you don't need much cheddar to buy Monty Pyton's Life of Brian on Blu-ray today.
Mpow Smartphone Dry Bag, $5 with code 4GFY93WH | 2-Pack, $8 with code SMFU7LNE
These deals may be a little out of season, but if you're planning any wintertime tropical getaways, these inexpensive dry bags will keep your precious smartphone safe from surf and sand alike.
Beats sound quality has come a long way in recent years, and the new Powerbeats 3 even include Apple's easy-pairing W1 chip, making them a great option for iPhone-owning fitness buffs, or anyone whose ears aren't compatible with AirPods. They're still only a few months old, but for a limited time, Amazon's taking $50 off.
Once you have a soft close toilet seat, you'll never go back. It's a new year, treat yourself.
If you still haven't upgraded your morning routine up a life-changing wake-up light, the new year is a great excuse to try one out.
The entry-level Philips HF3500 is currently marked down to $58, down from its usual $70 (though not an all-time low). While there are higher end models with color-shifting light and multiple wake-up sounds, I've been a satisfied user of this model for two years, and can't recommend it highly enough.
You need to buy detergent, paper towels, and toilet paper anyway, so you may as well save $15 on it. Just spend $50 on select brands from Target, and use code CLEAN at checkout to get the discount.
Uniqlo was one of our readers' favorite clothing brands of 2016, and you can save a bundle on hundreds of closeout styles during their Last Chance Sale. You'll get free shipping on orders of $125 or more, or $5 flat rate otherwise.
When Sony rolled out the new PS4 Slim and PS4 Pro, they also quietly tweaked the DualShock 4 controller, and here's another chance to get it for $40.
This is basically the same gamepad you know and love, but with a futuristic looking light bar at the top of the touchpad, and the ability to communicate over USB when plugged into your console for lag-free input.
Two Bosch Insight Wiper Blades, $23. Add two to cart (must be shipped by Amazon) to see the discount.
If you need a fresh set of wiper blades to survive the winter, you can grab a pair of Bosch Insight wiper blades for $23 from Amazon today.
Advertisement
Sponsored
Just pick the two you need, add them to your cart, and the discount should appear automatically, assuming both were shipped and sold by Amazon.com. The deal even allows you to mix and match sizes, so you can almost certainly find a combination that will work for your car.
I know nobody wants to think about dealing with taxes yet, but Amazon's currently offering big discounts on TurboTax 2016 software packages.
Advertisement
This page has a handy comparison chart to help you choose the right version for you. And once you've decided, you'll get your choice of a download or a disc.
Breville's reader-favorite Smart Ovens almost never go on sale, but Amazon's offering rare discounts today on two different models today, including an all-time low price on the Mini .
Update: The Mini deal is over, but the larger model is still available.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Unless you happen to own some other beautiful Breville products we recommend, it'll almost certainly be the best-looking appliance in your kitchen. I got one of these as a wedding gift several months ago, and it's every bit as good as advertised.
The Mini is just $100 , down from its usual $150, and the 800XL is also $50 off, down to $200. If you got some Amazon gift cards for the holidays, I can't think of many more worthwhile things to spend them on.
$1 Movie Rentals. Promo Code MOVIE99.
If you need a way to fill your holiday downtime, Amazon will rent you any movie in their digital catalog for a buck today with promo code MOVIE99. That applies to holiday films, new releases (I'm renting Sully), classics; if you can rent it on Amazon, you can rent it for $1.
Advertisement
Remember that after you place your order, you'll have 30 days to start watching, and then 24 hours to finish it.
Tech
Home
Lifestyle
Gaming
Media
https://twitter.com/naomi_y_lea
The first time seeing Black Flags by William Forsythe, I experienced a sense of wonder and awe that I could not quite explain. It is a familiar feeling, not unlike the times when I saw a brilliant sky, visited a grand cathedral or attended an affecting theatre production. I was intrigued to explore this sensation, hoping to inspire the same in my future artworks.
Scholars have described awe to be “a moral, spiritual, and aesthetic emotion” that rests “in the upper reaches of pleasure and on the boundary of fear” (Keltner, D. and Haidt, J., 2003). It is interesting to note the mixture of both positive and negative feelings generated from awe, since I have not previously imagined such duality. In more details, Keltner and Haidt have listed the principal features that elicit awe and the situations in which we encounter it. The two central features are “vastness” and “accommodation”, while most of the experiences are related to religion, politics, nature, and art.
The concept of “accommodation” is especially fascinating to investigate, which is characterised as “an inability to assimilate an experience into current mental structures”. This could possibly explain the reaction I had towards Black Flags. The robotic arms featured in the artwork took on a life-like attribute and was choreographed to wave the flag like a human dancer. The phenomenon of this has clearly clashed with my current understanding of the world, where machines are programmed to move in a precise and rigid manner. On top of that, the emergence of its kinetic intelligence was almost supernatural, which could have influenced me to feel the wonder and awe I did. Intelligence comes in many forms, however, such as linguistic, visual, social, etc. With the emerging deep learning technologies, the machine would acquire artificial intelligence in a visual, or social capacity as it gains human-like perception. This machine skill could greatly enhance a theatrical installation if we apply it to a suitable narrative. I want to further examine the potential this approach brings, and finally incorporate it into an interactive installation art piece.
────────────────────────────────────
Goals for the week:
Construct the lightbox for the sand plotter (Thur & Fri)
Redesign the interactive experience and update drawing (Fri & Sat)
Test the lighting effect in the blackbox (Sat)
Document the prototype on video (Sat & Sun)
Edit video (Mon)
────────────────────────────────────
Progress:
Another aspect of awe I want to explore is the creation of sublime. Burke Edmund has written in details on this subject. He also suggested, “A true artist should put a generous deceit on the spectators, and effect the noblest designs by easy methods” (Burke, E., 1792). His view is consistent with what I wrote in my last blog post, that a design is best when it is simple but honest.
After the tutorial last week, I have made adjustment to increase the quantity of the sand plotters so that the installation could appear more impactful. This new set-up would also be effective for displaying the machine learning result since for image recognition there is usually more than one output.
I have also tested translucent material with LED light strips shining underneath as a platform, so that effect of the sand drawings could be enhanced. I assembled the sand plotter with a lightbox in a black box theatre and tested it with a few of my colleagues. I was pleasantly surprised to hear that the set up has made an emotional impact on them, and one in particular described that it felt like “a spirit” was talking to her.
────────────────────────────────────
Prototype Video:
────────────────────────────────────
References:
TOWN OF TONAWANDA, N.Y. (WIVB) – A 41-year-old Pennsylvania man was charged early Sunday morning with driving while intoxicated with four children in his car.
Town of Tonawanda Police arrested Hassan Musa, 41, of Pennsylvania following a Military Road traffic stop for a vehicle equipment malfunction around 2:30 a.m. Sunday.
According to police reports, Musa failed four roadside sobriety tests administered to him while on location and was taken into police custody.
Further investigation indicated that Musa had an active arrest warrant out of Erie, Pa. for failure to appear on another alcohol-related offense.
He was charged with felony DWI under Leandra's law, endangering the welfare of a child, and other related vehicle and traffic offenses.
He was arraigned in Town of Tonawanda Court. Bail was set at $5,000 cash or $25,000 bond by the judge and scheduled to appear in Town of Tonawanda Court Aug. 15.
The children in the car, ranging from nine to 15 years old, were safely turned over to relatives. Child Protective Services will be following up.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House will likely give Congress approval on Friday to make public a secret Republican memo alleging FBI bias against President Donald Trump in its Russia probe, a White House official said on Thursday, as tensions over the disputed document gripped Washington.
Trump, who had the authority to prevent its release, instead is likely to allow the four-page document to be made public with no redactions, the official said, in a move that could further inflame tensions between the Republican president and the top domestic law enforcement agency.
The document has become a flashpoint in a wider battle between Republicans and Democrats over Special Counsel Robert Mueller's criminal probe into potential collusion between Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and Russia. Mueller's probe grew out of the FBI's Russia investigation after Trump fired the agency's previous director.
Mueller's investigation and the FBI probe that preceded it have hung over Trump's year-old presidency. Russia and Trump have both denied any collusion. The president has called Mueller's investigation a “witch hunt” and “hoax.”
Democrats have painted the memo crafted by Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee as misleading, based on a selective use of highly classified data and intended to discredit Mueller's work.
The FBI on Wednesday expressed “grave concerns about material omissions of fact” in the memo, whose release has the potential to prompt high-level resignations in U.S. law enforcement agencies.
One top Republican lawmaker, Senator John Thune, voiced concern on Thursday that release of the document without redactions could expose U.S. intelligence agencies' sources and methods.
Thune, the Senate's No. 3 Republican, urged his House colleagues to allow the Senate Intelligence Committee to review the memo and heed the FBI's concerns before they made it public.
‘NOT AN INDICTMENT'
“We have had the last couple of days to look at it to make sure it doesn't give away too much in terms of classification. And right now I think ... we'll tell the Congress, probably tomorrow (Friday), that the president is OK with it,” the White House official told reporters on Air Force One as Trump returned to Washington from a Republican retreat in West Virginia.
In addition to the concern expressed by the FBI, whose director, Christopher Wray, was appointed by Trump after the president fired predecessor James Comey, the Justice Department has registered concerns about making the memo public.
Democrats have said Trump's allies hope to use the memo to potentially give Trump an excuse to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who hired Mueller after Comey's firing, or even Mueller himself.
But Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan defended the document's release, saying it was part of congressional oversight of electronic surveillance such as that used in the Russia probe and important to protect American civil liberties.
“This memo is not an indictment of the FBI, of the Department of Justice. It does not impugn the Mueller investigation or the deputy attorney general,” Ryan said.
Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Devin Nunes (R-CA) arrives for the State of the Union address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. January 30, 2018. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
The memo was commissioned by Republican Devin Nunes, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and purports to show that the FBI and Justice Department misled a U.S. court in seeking to extend electronic surveillance of Trump campaign adviser Carter Page, four sources familiar with it have said.
Intelligence committee Democrats wrote their own memo that panel Republicans prevented from being released at the same time. Thune said if the Republican memo is released, the Democratic one should be too.
Adding to the fissures in Washington, Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi called on Ryan on Thursday to remove Nunes as the intelligence panel's chairman.
They made the demand after the committee's senior Democrat, Adam Schiff, said late on Wednesday he discovered that Nunes had sent the White House a version of the memo that was “materially altered” and not what the panel voted on Monday to release.
“This action is not only dangerous, it is illegitimate, and violates House rules,” Pelosi said.
Jack Langer, a spokesman for Nunes, called it an “increasingly strange attempt to thwart publication,” and described the changes as minor, including two edits requested by the FBI and committee Democrats.
BACKING FOR WRAY
There has been speculation that Wray might resign if Trump allows release of the memo.
But one law enforcement official told Reuters that a number of Wray's current and former FBI colleagues had urged him privately not to resign, arguing that doing so would remove another check on Trump's power.
Wray also won backing for his stance from an association representing FBI agents.
“What this memo does is it seeks to torch every floor of the FBI building to protect the president,” Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democratic member of the intelligence committee, told CNN.
The four sources familiar with the memo said it contended that the FBI and Justice Department failed to tell a judge on a U.S. court that some of the information used to justify a surveillance warrant included portions of a dossier of Trump-Russia contacts that was opposition research paid for by Democrats.
The sources said the memo does not mention, however, that the request to extend surveillance on Page, which began before Trump took office, also relied on other highly classified information and that U.S. agencies had confirmed excerpts from the dossier included in the request.
U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 campaign using hacking and propaganda, an effort that eventually included attempting to tilt the race in favor of Trump.
Katy Perry is embracing a new, more transparent version of herself — and in the process, slamming a key part of her industry.
In a New York Times profile, where she opened up about her off-stage persona, Perry didn't hold back about awards shows. “All the awards shows are fake,” she said, “and all the awards that I've won are fake.”
“They're constructs,” she added, explaining that they don't represent the audience.
Perry has won a number of these honors, including trophies from the Billboard Music Awards, American Music Awards, People's Choice Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, and Teen Choice Awards. While she's been nominated for 13 Grammy Awards, including album of the year for “Teenage Dream” and song of the year for “Roar,” she's never taken one home.
Among many other topics, Perry also delved into her reaction to the election, calling it “devastating.” The pop star was an avid Hillary Clinton supporter, performing at the Democratic National Convention last year.
“It was a revelation, it was a reckoning,” she said. She described being next to Lady Gaga, another famous Clinton supporter, on election night, and holding hands with the singer. “Gaga and I are just looking at each other, and being like, [expletive] it, we need to touch each other.”
Perry released her latest album, “Witness,” last week. Read the full profile here.
AFP, DOHA
Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic was the most notable winner on a day affected by rain and thunderstorms at the Qatar Ladies Open on Monday.
The Serb, a former US Open finalist, beat Bulgaria's Tsevtana Pironkova 6-1, 6-7 (6/8), 6-4 in a first-round qualifier lasting two-and-a-half hours.
It was the first time Jankovic has played in qualifiers since 2004. It was also her seventh straight victory against Pironkova.
There were also victories for the US' Christina McHale and Madison Brengle to progress to the main draw.
McHale teamed up with Taiwan's Chan Hao-ching in the doubles, but they were defeated by the Czech Republic's Andrea Hlavackova and China's Peng Shuai 6-3, 6-2.
In a later, rain-affected match, Australia's Samantha Stosur, the 2011 US Open winner, advanced to the second round by beating Latvia's Anastasija Sevastova 7-5, 6-4.
However, overall it was a day dominated by the bad weather, with several interruptions halting play. And with further rain and thunderstorms forecast for the week ahead in Doha, it could prove a headache for tournament organizers.
Already the top seeds, including Angelique Kerber and Karolina Pliskova, will not play until today at the earliest, three days into a six-day tournament.
Qatar — infamous for its hot weather, which has seen the 2022 Soccer World Cup host push the tournament back to November-December that year — has been suffering relatively poor weather over the past 10 days.
Earlier this month, the desert state recorded its lowest-ever temperature, just 1.5°C.
Additional reporting by staff writer
TAMPA, Fla. — Police in Florida are investigating an incident at a nightclub where a photographer said he was “sucker punched” by singer Chris Brown.
Tampa police spokesman Stephen Hegarty says 28-year-old Bennie Vines Jr. was hired by Aja Channelside to take photos during an event hosted by Brown.
Vines told officers that while he was snapping photos early Monday, Brown punched him. Brown was gone by the time officers arrived. Vines refused medical treatment and told officers he wants to prosecute because of a minor lip cut.
The club confirmed the incident on its Facebook page Monday and apologized to patrons.
Brown, singer of the hits “Run It!” and “Deuces,” completed probation in a 2009 felony assault case for an attack on singer Rihanna, his then-girlfriend.
An email to the representative listed on Brown's website was not immediately returned.
LONDON: Cut-price copies of expensive biotech drugs promise to slash the cost of treating serious diseases, including cancer, in rich and poor countries alike: but uneven regulation has created a lopsided market.
Now the World Health Organization (WHO) is stepping in to assess the quality of such so-called biosimilars, offering a global stamp of approval that could make them more widely available, while also raising the quality bar.
Advertisement
After a nine-month delay, the UN agency plans to invite drugmakers in June to submit dossiers on biosimilar versions of two cancer drugs on its essential medicines list, Roche's Rituxan and Herceptin.
The two drugs each had sales of around US$7 billion in 2017 but are now off patent, sparking a rush by rival companies to make cheaper copies.
"Biosimilars are becoming a very important part of the treatment armamentarium for many countries, including low- and middle-income countries," said WHO head of medicines regulation Emer Cooke.
Outside strictly regulated markets like Europe and the United States, however, there are varying standards for assessing these complex biological drugs, which are made inside living cells and can never be exact copies of the original medicine.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"What is happening is that suppliers are going directly to countries and saying 'buy my product' and there is no method to check whether these have been manufactured or controlled according to internationally accepted standards," Cooke told Reuters.
While biosimilars must show the same therapeutic effect as the original product to win European or U.S. approval, in markets such as India, China and Latin America, intended copies can be approved without being validated against the original.
Whether that is a problem when it comes to the health of patients with diseases like rheumatoid arthritis or breast cancer is a subject of debate.
BUILDING CONFIDENCE
Researchers at Pfizer, a leading Western maker of biosimilars, reported in a scientific journal in November that batches of seven intended copies of its arthritis and psoriasis drug Enbrel from China, India, Colombia, Mexico and Iran fell short of specifications set by Western regulators.
"We want to make sure that patients around the world get access to true biosimilars of proper quality because if you have products called biosimilars that really aren't at all then you are going to undermine public confidence in the entire class," said Pfizer regulatory expert Judith Macdonald.
Other studies involving limited patient numbers have found intended copies from emerging markets are just as good, although a copy of Rituxan marked in Mexico had its license revoked in 2014 after four hospitals found a high level of adverse effects.
"That is the kind of thing we are concerned about," said the WHO's Cooke.
She hopes the WHO intervention will build confidence in biosimilars by ensuring they are comparable to originals in terms of quality, safety and efficacy.
Those up to standard will win so-called prequalification status, which means drugs are eligible for procurement by UN and other aid agencies. Prequalification is also increasingly used by countries to guide bulk purchases of medicines.
Indian biotech drugmaker Biocon said the WHO move was a positive development that would enable better access to biosimilars. But others said it could make securing marketing approval in emerging markets harder in future.
Differences between Europe, where biosimilars account for a growing proportion of treatments, and the United States, where uptake has lagged, shows the need for a balance between setting sufficiently high standards and not blocking cheap competitors.
"There's a stand-off between too much and too little regulation," said Jayasree Iyer, executive director of the non-profit Access to Medicine Foundation in Amsterdam.
(Additional reporting by Zeba Siddiqui in Mumbai; Editing by Alexandra Hudson)
ISTANBUL: Turkey announced on Wednesday (Feb 15) an ambitious bid backed by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to host the Euro 2024 football tournament, brushing off concerns over security and infrastructure.
The football authorities hope it will be second time lucky for the bid after losing out to France to host the 2016 event by one vote, but Turkey is likely to face strong competition from Germany.
Turkey in 2014 withdrew its bid to host final stage matches of Euro 2020 -- which uniquely will be held across Europe -- in favour of focusing on a one country bid for 2024.
Turkish Football Federation (TFF) chief Yildirim Demiroren said the bid would be formally presented to UEFA on March 2, just before the March 3 deadline for candidates.
"This time it is our right to host the championships," he told reporters at TFF headquarters.
He thanked Erdoğan for the support, adding: "I believe we are moving together on this path."
Sports Minister Akif Cagatay Kilic said that Turkey now had the best stadium infrastructure in Europe and its only rival in terms of recently built venues was the United States.
"In the last years, Turkey has made a great step forward in terms of stadiums," he added. "Turkey is able to organise anything on a world sporting level."
Turkey has in the last years embarked on a massive spree of stadium building, opening a new 42,000 seat venues in Konya in 2014, a similar size venue for Istanbul side Besiktas last year and most recently a new stadium for Trabzonspor by the Black Sea.
- 'Olympics bid taught us' -
The Turkish authorities were bitterly disappointed that Istanbul lost out to Tokyo in the race to host the 2020 Olympics and believe the country now has the infrastructure in place to host a global sports event.
Turkey had also in 2010 lost out narrowly by one vote -- and in controversial circumstances -- to France in the bidding to host the 2016 Euro competition.
It had also been keen to host Euro 2020 and the Turkish authorities were angered by UEFA's decision to hold the competition across European cities.
Kilic did not rule out another bid in the future to host the Olympics, saying the failed 2020 candidacy "taught us a lot" and helped "increase our capabilities".
In the 2024 race, Turkey will face competition from 2006 World Cup hosts Germany -- which has already confirmed its interest -- as well as possibly a joint bid from Scandinavian nations.
But the bid may be shadowed by concerns over security after the July 15 failed coup and a slew of terror attacks in 2016 that left hundreds dead, as well as whether Turkey's transport infrastructure is up to hosting a nationwide tournament.
"I don't think there will be any problems with transport," said Kilic.
He compared the rapid construction of Istanbul's third airport -- due to open next year -- with the repeated delays in opening Berlin Brandenburg airport in Germany.
The country has seen in the last years a massive overhaul of its infrastructure in projects spearheaded by Erdoğan as he seeks to make Turkey a top 10 global economy.
Lakers guard Nick Young doesn't want to jinx himself by talking about it much, but his shooting has reached historic levels.
In the last eight games, Young has made 36 three-point baskets, the most in franchise history for a player in an eight-game span.
“I'm in the books for something,” Young said with a laugh. “It's an honor. Feels good. It's a blessing to do that. I didn't know about it coming into the game. Just my teammates finding me and coaching staff believing in me.”
Young made seven of nine three-point shots against the Toronto Raptors on Sunday, and eight of 14 shots overall. His 26 points were second on the team to point guard D'Angelo Russell, who had 28 points and made six three-pointers.
“What I'm really proud about with Nick is a lot of his shots, he's letting them come in the flow of the game,” Coach Luke Walton said.
During the last eight games, Young has made 56.3% of his shots.
Black is back
Center Tarik Black had played only three minutes since injuring an ankle Dec. 5, in part because of his recovery and in part because Walton didn't want to take away minutes from Thomas Robinson.
But Black got an opportunity Sunday.
He made the most of it. Black was active defensively, grabbing five rebounds in his first six minutes.
“I'm confident I can be back,” Black said. “I'm confident I'm moving forward and I'm just going to keep on rehabbing, stay on top of it, make sure I'm taking care of my end of it. If it hurt it hurts, I can't help it. But I'm going to make sure I'm doing my part in order to get back and be right.”
Black finished with nine points and nine rebounds against the Raptors.
Walton is learning
Walton is still learning what buttons to push with each player. Sometimes when he yells, the purpose is to find out just what motivates players.
Photos from the Lakers' 123-114 loss to the Toronto Raptors on Jan. 1.
“You can get a general idea pretty quickly,” Walton said. “Then you have to decide if you're OK with that or if you want to continue to challenge them in different ways. I know a group of our guys that don't respond well to getting all over at all. And I know a group that normally plays a lot better when you get on them. I try to keep that in mind in the middle of a game or in practice if we need to do something differently.”
tania.ganguli@latimes.com
Twitter: @taniaganguli
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero.
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Police in New Hampshire say two people have been charged with drug possession as part of an investigation involving the death of a 20-month-old toddler.
Police in New Hampshire say two people have been charged with drug possession as part of an investigation involving the death of a 20-month-old toddler.
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS (AP) - Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on Wednesday recommended dozens of strategies to make schools safer in the wake of the deadly shooting at a Houston-area high school, including increasing the presence of law enforcement officers at schools.
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report that also included suggesting more mental health screening for students. A handful of the recommendations involved gun safety in Texas, a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns.
Abbot said funding for some of the recommendations will be aided by federal grants, though others require state lawmakers to weigh in.
"We all share a common bond: And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School," Abbott, who is campaigning for re-election, said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters.
The report comes a day after students returned to Santa Fe High School for the first time since the May 18 shooting that killed eight students and two substitute teachers, and critically wounded a police officer.
The recommendations were made following three days of mostly closed-door meetings that Abbott quickly organized last week with school districts, shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate, among others.
So far, the governor has ignored calls from a handful of lawmakers from both parties to call the Legislature into special session to address gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people. Florida lawmakers, who were already in session, passed a gun-control package three weeks later, thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack.
Texas lawmakers aren't scheduled to meet until January 2019. And unlike the students in Florida, several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control, including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week.
Students who had classes in the area of the shooting were the first allowed back into the school Tuesday, followed by the rest about two hours later. All students then gathered for a two-hour assembly honoring the victims, and counselors were available.
Abbott visited the campus Tuesday, privately speaking with students, parents, teachers and staff, and presented first responders with an award for their actions.
Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student, Dimitrios Pagourtzis, with capital murder in the attack. He's accused of using a shotgun and pistol that belonged to his father. He's jailed without bond.
The family of one of the students killed in the attack has filed a lawsuit against Pagourtzis' parents.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Canadian Press Apr 17, 2017
Sarah Blakely recalls feeling some trepidation when she and her husband shelled out more than $300,000 for a modest 1 1/2-storey house in a less-desirable part of Toronto.
Seven years later, they found themselves on the right side of a hot housing market, with values tripling in a 'hood suddenly considered up-and-coming for young families seeking detached homes.
They recently sold that renovated three-bedroom for more than $1 million and now expect to live mortgage-free in a four-bedroom purchase in their hometown of Ottawa.
The 34-year-old says it made sense to cash out of a city that was draining their finances, energy and family time.
“My husband and I saw an opportunity to take advantage of the recent gains in real estate and to move to a less expensive city to live mortgage-free, support our savings for retirement and also to be closer to family,” says Blakely, whose new home has nearly twice the square footage.
And they may have taken action at just the right time.
Blakely's real estate agent Josie Stern says the market appears to be cooling, and doubts Blakely could fetch that same jackpot sale today.
“A little bit of air has been let out of the bubble,” she says.
Many buyers and sellers are waiting to see what will come of Tuesday's scheduled meeting between Finance Minister Bill Morneau, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa and Toronto Mayor John Tory, who are expected to discuss ways to rein in Toronto's hot housing market.
Meanwhile, the Ontario government is promising to announce affordability measures soon.
Stern says some buyers are delaying their purchase in anticipation of possible fixes.
“Buyers have been in such a stressful situation for so long that now they think somebody is going to save them and they're waiting,” says Stern. “They've dug their heels in, they're tired of competition and then there's those that are still proceeding, but there's been quite a big pullback from buyers.”
Sellers who've bought new homes are rushing to list their old property, she adds, but many are not getting the high bids seen a month ago.
The Toronto market has been astonishing, with the average sale in the Greater Toronto Area skyrocketing last month to $916,567. That's up 33.2 per cent from a year ago.
With strong demand and limited supply, it wasn't uncommon for bidding wars to result in sales hundreds of thousands of dollars above asking. And a lot of those sellers took those dollars out of the Greater Toronto Area where they can get more acreage, less congestion and still pocket a fair bit of cash.
“We're finding that a lot of people are leaving the city,” says Stern, who estimates that about a third of her 35 sales this year involved sellers either downsizing to condos or moving to more affordable markets.
“It's empty-nesters, it's (couples with) babies, it's all kinds of people that are doing this.”
Even with a new uncertainty in the air, it's still a seller's market, she adds.
One of her biggest sales was a $2-million listing that went $575,000 over asking in February. The sellers moved to the commuter city of Burlington, Ont.
They're joining buyers priced out of the Toronto market who have gone looking for cheaper housing in smaller communities across the Golden Horseshoe, spurring other sales spikes in the region — Hamilton-Burlington homes jumped 22.6 per cent during the first two months of 2017 compared to a year earlier.
Still other buyers are looking farther afield.
Remember that relatively inexpensive Nova Scotia mansion that dominated Facebook last month?
Real estate agent Wanda Graves of Eastern Valley Real Estate says it's sparked more inquiries from Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta and B.C. house hunters suddenly hip to Eastern Canada's charms.
Nova Scotia sellers are taking notice, and are marketing to out-of-province buyers now considered increasingly likely to make an offer.
“They know that there are buyers out there and now it's, 'How do we reach them?”' says Graves.
Before selling for $455,000, the mansion in Newport Landing, N.S., drew more than one million views on her company's website and 36,000 shares on Facebook.
It's a story Vancouver real estate agent Melissa Wu knows well.
Years of record-setting sales saw Vancouver homeowners cash out for smaller markets with more space.
But that changed after the B.C. government introduced a 15 per cent foreign buyers' tax last summer, which Wu says especially soured interest in west Vancouver luxury homes priced at more than $4 million.
Detached homes in the $1-million to $2-million range in east Vancouver are doing well and still notching close to record highs, says Wu.
Her recent sales included a $2-million get for a century-old home owned by a retired couple. Their plan is to downsize to an older condo costing less than $500,000. The rest of the proceeds will go to their kids and retirement fund.
She says the sale was a record high for the neighbourhood, but it took an agonizing three weeks to secure — longer than it would have last year, she says.
She advises Toronto homeowners thinking of selling to take advantage while they can.
“There's always a shift coming in,” she says of this hot market. “Sell before it corrects.”
Stern would like to see a crackdown on real estate speculators in Toronto, citing one buyer who bought 15 properties in the last two years.
And she cautions those tempted to cash out that there's always a risk the market won't co-operate.
“People have been asking themselves that question since the year 2000: Should I sell? Should I cash out?
“And there have been people who have cashed out and have regretted it because they've seen what the market has (done) — they've never been able to rebuy the houses that they've sold.”
Apple's Code.org-partnered Hour of Code workshops were a great success, helping those interested in development learn the basics in a friendly, welcoming way. But whether you went to a workshop and want more information or missed out and want to try coding, we've collected a few great resources for those who want to delve deeper.
To start, we recommend perusing Apple's iTunes U app, which includes apps, books, iTunes U courses, and podcasts. You can also check out Hour of Code workshops on Code.org.
Outside of official programming, we have a few suggestions for those interested in iOS development, HTML/CSS, and the like. No matter how you begin, if you're interested in code, all that matters is that you do start. There's a big, beautiful world of apps out there, and one of them could be yours!
iBooks
Videos
Others recommend...
Are you a developer and have some suggestions for beginners trying to get into the world of coding? Have a different book, course, or option you've found useful? Let us know in the comments!
After one year in his job, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster is expected to depart his White House position soon, U.S. officials tell NPR's Pentagon Correspondent Tom Bowman. Despite a denial from the Trump administration, the only thing that's reportedly holding up McMaster's departure is a transition plan.
McMaster's exit has been the subject of rumors, in a similar way that now-departed Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had been viewed as not long for life under President Trump. Officials say McMaster, 55, could leave within weeks, possibly within a month or so.
"We don't get a sense of when this will happen," Tom says, "but we're told it will likely happen."
Information about Trump's desire to replace McMaster has been solidified by sources despite a denial from White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders, who tweeted Thursday night that she had just spoken to Trump and McMaster — and that "contrary to reports they have a good working relationship and there are no changes at the NSC [National Security Council]."
Tweet
"Trump has publicly said that he respects H.R. McMaster, but their relationship has not been an easy one," Tom tells NPR's Rachel Martin on Morning Edition. "There were some policy differences: H.R. favored an enduring commitment in Afghanistan, he served there for a time and actually wanted more troops sent over there. Others in the White House disagreed with that."
As for any possible personal rift between Trump and McMaster, Tom says, "People in the Army say he's 'all transmit,' as they would put it: He likes to lecture. That rubs some people the wrong way — and the sense is, that rubs Trump the wrong way."
Some of McMaster's friends had also reportedly advised him not to work for the new president — Tom cites some of their warnings: "The president is mercurial, he has no background in military policy, foreign policy — so it was a tough job for him to take. But... [McMaster] is very aggressive, has a big ego. I'm sure he thought that he could do a pretty good job here. But clearly, he's on his way out."
Trump publicly chastised McMaster last month, after the national security adviser said that "the evidence is now really incontrovertible" that Russia had interfered in the 2016 election that put Trump in the Oval Office.
That statement spurred Trump to tweet, "General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians" and to deny any collusion.
When McMaster accepted the national security adviser job in the Trump administration one year ago, he was stepping into a post that had recently been vacated by the firing of Michael Flynn, who is also a figure in the Russian investigation. In early 2017, reports cited McMaster's reluctance to take the position — and when he finally did take the job, McMaster retained his active-duty status as a lieutenant general in the Army.
Tom says that he was told that while McMaster's departure is definite, the timing is uncertain — possibly within a month or two, officials said. But as Tom adds, "With this White House, with the president tweeting, it could happen today. We have really no sense when it could happen."
When Trump fired Tillerson earlier this week, the news came in a tweet — evidently surprising Tillerson, despite long-swirling rumors and denials about his job.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Minister of State for Capital Administration and Development Division (CADD) Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry Wednesday said Pakistan Tehreek i Insaf (PTI) was producing false information both in and outside the court in Panama Papers case.
Talking to media persons outside the Supreme Court, he said the court will decide the case on merit.
He said the prime minister's counsel had furnished evidence regarding the ownership of London's flats.
He said PTI had to prove its claim that the flats were the property of Sharif family since 1990.
The PTI was targeting Maryam Nawaz by leveling baseless allegation as she would be the next leader of Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz and could not provide any eveidence against her in the court, he added.
The minister said the PTI was habitual of making fabricated stories as it had already failed to produce any proof in pre poll rigging case.
Parliamentary Secretary of CADD Maiza Hameed talking to
media said the PTI was challenging the mandate of the people by imposing its own decision.
Police are seen near a damaged van in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's actions in arresting a suspect in Monday's deadly van attack was “one shining moment” in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association said the arrest, caught on videos that have been widely circulated on social media, has served as a glimmer of hope for a city caught in tragedy.
“It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto,” McCormack said in a phone interview Tuesday. “The one … positive to take away from that day was his behaviour.”
With the city still on edge following Monday's midday massacre, many social media users have hailed the officer as a paragon of restraint in the face of abject terror based on footage of his tense standoff with the alleged driver. It happened not far from the stretch of Yonge Street where a man driving a van killed 10 people and injured 15 others.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
In one of the videos, a man, asking to be killed, stands by a damaged white rental van and points a dark object towards the officer.
The officer refuses to shoot and repeatedly yells for the man to get down.
The suspect warns he has a gun in his pocket.
“Shoot me in the head,” the man can be heard saying.
From a highrise window, another video appears to show the suspect walking backwards with his arms raised as the officer moves towards him.
The suspect eventually goes to the ground and street-level footage shows the officer kneeling over him as he lies on the pavement.
“It could have gone either way. Any time if that threat escalated, we could have had a different outcome,” McCormack said of the arrest.
“He reacted to what he was seeing, what his training taught him, and we're extremely proud of him. He may have prevented additional deaths.”
McCormack said the officer was one of many first responders who ran towards the danger as the van mounted the sidewalk between Finch Avenue and Sheppard Avenue.
Officers pushed pedestrians out of the van's path, performed CPR and attended to “mangled” victims, said McCormack.
Even for seasoned officers, he said, the carnage was among the worst they had ever witnessed.
McCormack has been in touch with the unidentified arresting officer, who he said is overwhelmed with emotion, but eager to get back on the streets.
“He's more concerned with the victims … than what he has done.”
McCormack said that while the officer maintains his actions were “no big deal,” as the adrenaline fades, he will have to face the magnitude of what he's gone through.
He confronted a man accused in an attack that left 25 people wounded or killed, and both suspect and officer lived to tell the tale, McCormack said.
“(There's) this whole notion that police officers go out and shoot first and ask questions later,” he said. “Many times our officers are dealing with people in situations that's resolved in a peaceful way.
“It was demonstrated in an overwhelmingly clear fashion … what police officers are really about, and what they really do.”
Nicole Thompson, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Leaders of Malaysia's ruling party have condemned violence that erupted at a forum where former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad was speaking, as political tension rises ahead of a general election that could be called in coming months.
KUALA LUMPUR: Leaders of Malaysia's ruling party have condemned violence that erupted at a forum where former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad was speaking, as political tension rises ahead of a general election that could be called in coming months.
One opposition leader accused Prime Minister Najib Razak of "gangsterism" to keep Mahathir quiet after some people at the Sunday meeting threw shoes, chairs and flares at Mahathir, who has made it his mission to unseat Najib over his handling of the multi-billion dollar scandal involving a state fund.
Mahathir, 92, was not hurt, his aide said.
Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said differences of opinion did not give anyone license to act violently.
"As a country that practices democracy, such an incident should not have happened," Ahmad Zahid was quoted as saying in the Star daily newspaper on Monday.
Mahathir, who served as prime minister for 22 years until he stepped down in 2003, chairs a fractured opposition alliance hoping to unseat the long-ruling government coalition in election due by next year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mahathir has offered to head a government again if the opposition wins.
Some opposition leaders allied with Mahathir accused Najib of orchestrating the violence. A deputy president of the People's Justice Party, Azmin Ali, said in a statement the prime minister had resorted to "gangsterism".
A senior member of Najib's United Malay National Organisation, who is also a government minister, Salleh Said Keruak, said such accusations were "unhealthy" for politics.
"Remember that gangster politics is not part of our political culture," Salleh said in a statement.
Another government minister, Khairy Jamaluddin, condemned the violence in a Twitter message saying it "cannot be tolerated".
Media reported that police had detained two people.
Mahathir has been a prominent critic of his former protege Najib over the scandal-ridden state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB).
Najib denies wrongdoing.
1MDB is the subject of money-laundering investigations in at least six countries. The U.S. Justice Department alleged in civil lawsuits that about US$4.5 billion of funds were misappropriated from the fund.
The U.S. Justice Department said in its latest court filing on Thursday it was conducting a criminal investigation of 1MDB and asked for a stay on civil lawsuits it had filed to seize assets allegedly bought with money stolen from the fund.
Najib denied taking money from 1MDB after it was reported that investigators traced nearly US$700 million to his bank accounts. Authorities cleared him of any wrongdoing, saying the money was a donation from Saudi Arabia.
(Reporting by Joseph Sipalan; Editing by Robert Birsel)
CTV London
A Toronto man accused of attacking a Colombian family with a baseball bat in St. Thomas and shouting "ISIS" and "terrorist," at them will be in court at the end of the week.
Mark Phillips, 36, appeared in court Monday via video but had his next appearance put over until Friday.
Phillips is facing charges of aggravated assault and three counts of assault with a weapon.
The incident occurred around 4:30 p.m. last Thursday in the parking lot at the Elgin Mall after reports came in of a man with a bat attacking another man.
A video of the incident obtained by CTV London shows a man coming out of a white BMW armed with a yellow bat.
For unknown reasons the man quickly becomes agitated and begins screaming at the family. At one point he appears to take a couple of swings at the operator of the video, Sergio Estepa, who sustained injuries to his arms and a rib.
Estepa and his wife Marie Zambrano, who was also present during the incident, told CTV News it started when the man yelled at their friend that she didn't belong here.
The couple's 13-year-old son was also with them amd filmed the event.
Part of the Owasso Police Department offices will be shut down beginning Monday, March 19th as work crews begin a seven-month project to renovate the building.
Posted Today, 02:11 PM
Thanks Cheapy, this looks cool and I'm sure my son will have me subscribe for him, so them offering free issues was a good promotion, as I had never heard of this magazine before today.
A new report has found out that Kaduna teachers are allegedly consuming food meant for the feeding of primary school pupils.
It has alleged that some teachers in Kaduna state were eating the food meant for pupils in the ongong Federal Government's School Feeding Scheme.
The School Feeding Field Monitors of the NGO – Connecting Gender for Development (COGEN), on Wednesday made the allegation during a town hall in the state.
Ms Rachael Musa, one of the monitors said during a Town Hall Meeting on the Federal Government's Homegrown School Feeding Programme in Kafanchan, Jema'a Local Government, said the ration do not usually go around.
Musa also said although every child was supposed to be given an egg once week, the eggs do not usually go round because of short supply.
Similarly, Mr Monday John, another monitor alleged that some politicians were collecting money from food vendors on the ground that they were not members of the ruling All Progressive Congress.
John also said that some members of the Peoples Democratic Party have equally stopped their children from eating the food, saying it could be poisoned.
He described the development as serious, and urged those involved to stop the act so as not to sabotage the programme.
Mrs Esther Gushe, Assistant Head Teacher, Aduwan III Primary School, confirmed that eggs were always in short supply in her school.
Mr Yakubu Kyari, the Desk Officer of the programme in the local government, said he receives between 300 and 400 crates of egg weekly instead of the 730 crates for the 177 schools in the area.
Kyari said teachers eating up food meant for pupils have been warned to desist from the act or risk sanction.
COGEN Head of Programmes, Mr Ebenezer Omolekun, told the town hall meeting that findings by the NGO revealed that one egg is being shared for between two to four pupils in 46 schools, while two pupils share juice and biscuit in 26 schools.
He explained that the meeting with the theme, “Together We Can Build Our LGA and Make it More Prosperous” was primarily organised to mobilise communities and stakeholders to monitor the implementation of the school feeding programme.
He explained that COGEN, with support from MacArthur Foundation is tracking the programme in 60 schools, 20 each in Kaura, Jema'a, and Zangon Kataf Local Government Areas.
He said that the goal was to ensure successful implementation of the programme in promoting learning, enrolment, retention and completion of primary schools by pupils.
The official said that similar town hall meetings were organised in Kaura and Zangon Kataf to enlist community support in monitoring the programme.
“What we want is to ensure transparency, accountability and responsiveness by all stakeholders involved in the programme,” Omolekun said.
Also speaking, the Chairman of the Local Council Mr Peter Averik, commended the NGO for supporting the Federal Government initiative and pledged their support “because the programme is for the benefit of our children and our community.”
Also, Mr Hosea David, District Head of Ambam Kaninkon, commended the NGO for creating the needed awareness on the programme and enlisting their support to ensure success.
The News Agency of Nigerian (NAN) reports that 420 schools in the state are being tracked by five NGOs with support from Macarthur Foundation.
-NAN
Read Also
Share this post with your Friends on
U.S. President Donald Trump's trade chief said on Monday that the World Trade Organization is losing its focus on trade negotiations in favor of litigation and needed to rethink how it defines developing economies.
BUENOS AIRES: U.S. President Donald Trump's trade chief said on Monday that the World Trade Organization is losing its focus on trade negotiations in favor of litigation and needed to rethink how it defines developing economies.
"We need to clarify our understanding of development within the WTO. We cannot sustain a situation in which new rules can only apply to a few and that others will be given a pass in the name of self-proclaimed development status," U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer told the opening session of the WTO's ministerial meeting in Buenos Aires.
(Reporting by Luc Cohen and David Lawder)
Photo: Courtesy Capitol Nashville
By Scott T. Sterling
For anyone who's ever said “I like beer,” this Michelob ULTRA Super Bowl commercial's for you.
Related: Jon Pardi's ‘Dirt on My Boots' Gets Classic Little Kid Remix
The beer company's new Super Bowl spot features Jon Pardi's version of Tom T. Hall's 1975 hit, “I Like Beer,” which peaked at No. 4 on the U.S. country singles chart back in the day.
“This past year has been filled with so many milestones and bucket list items, and when Michelob Ultra reached out with an opportunity to be part of this Super Bowl commercial, I was all in,” Pardi raved in a press statement. “It was such a fun experience to record this version of the song and it's awesome to be a part of it.”
While Pardi doesn't appear in the ad, there are cameos from actor Chris Pratt, golfer Brooks Koepka, surfer Kelly Slater and 2017 NYC Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan.
Watch the new “I Like Beer” ad ahead of the big game below:
Justice Babs Kuewumi of the Federal High Court, Lagos, on Tuesday, dismissed an application by four companies which pleaded guilty to laundering $15.5 million allegedly belonging to former First Lady Dame Patience Jonathan.
The companies: Pluto Property and Investment company Limited, Seagate Property Development and Investment Company Limited, Transocean Property and investment company Limited and Globus Integrated Service Limited, had prayed the court to reverse their guilty pleas and nullify the previous proceedings because those who represented the company were not authorised to do so.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arraigned them with a former Special Adviser on Domestic Affairs to President Goodluck Jonathan, Dr. Waripamo Dudafa, a lawyer, Amajuoyi Briggs, who is the companies' Secretary, and a banker, Adedamola Bolodeoku of the Skye Bank Plc.
Unlike the companies, Dudafa, Briggs and Bolodeoku pleaded not guilty to the 17-count charge.
The companies' lawyer, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN), told Justice Kuewumi that his clients were not given a fair trial before their conviction because they had no legal representation of their choice.
Ozekhome said he was briefed to represent the companies after its directors pleaded guilty despite not being authorised by the board to do so.
Moving his motion seeking to set aside the companies conviction, Ozekhome said they were convicted “In gross violation” of the 1999 Constitution, which he said, occasioned a miscarriage of justice.
He prayed that the trial be done de novo (afresh) and that the previous proceedings be declared null, void and unsustainable in law.
The application, he said, was on the grounds that the court failed to pass a sentence on the convicted companies as the judge reserved sentence until end of the other defendants' trial.
Besides, Ozekhome said the companies were denied the right to cross-examine the purported directors who purportedly pleaded guilty.
“They're just busybodies and interlopers who were pressure to come and plead guilty. They had no mandate to do so,” he said.
But, Prosecuting Counsel, Rotimi Oyedepo, urged the court to refuse the application for being an abuse of court process.
According to him, it amounted to asking the judge to revisit his ruling and to assume the position of an appellate court.
He denied that the directors who pleaded guilty were not authorised to do so, saying there was evidence that they were indeed the companies' directors from the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) and from the companies' bank accounts.
At the proceedings, the companies were represented by Mr. Oluigbo O, who held the brief of Chief Mike Ozakhome (SAN), Mr. Ademola Adefolaju, who stood in for Gboyega Oyewole (SAN), for Dudafa, and Ige Asemudara, who represented Briggs.
Ruling on the application, Justice Kuewumi held that a lower court could only reserve himself in exceptional cases where there is “a serious procedural irregularity” or where the court lacks jurisdiction.
“The main issue to be addressed in this application is whether this court can revisit its earlier decision whereby the applicants were convicted.
“Once a court gives an order or judgment, it has no legal competence to reverse itself or set aside its previous order.
“Considering the circumstances of this case, I have not been shown any valid reason to make me revisit my decision. This court is already functus officio.
“I'm in agreement with the prosecution that this application is incompetent. It is hereby refused and accordingly dismissed,” the judge held.
The matter has been adjourned until October 17 for hearing.
THE REASON Harry Kane ran over to the stands last night to take a selfie following his World Cup heroics has been revealed.
Yesterday, the Spurs striker scored from the penalty spot to put England 1-0 up vs against Colombia, before slotting his penalty home during the shootout to send Three Lions fans into ecstasy. And as the team celebrated on the pitch, Kane ran over to the stands to take a selfie. As the camera bulbs flashed around him, at first it wasn't clear why he'd run over. But the mystery was solved as it was revealed he had gone over to celebrate with his brother Charlie and dad Pat.
PA SELFIE: Harry Kane celebrates with England fans after Colombia win
PA CELEBRATIONS: Harry Kane went straight over to his dad and brother after the game
World Cup 2018: England fans go WILD as England beat Colombia England fans go wild after beating Colombia in a tense penalty shootout 1 / 60 The Three Lions flag is triumpahntly held aloft following England's latest World Cup win
Before the game, Charlie was photographed with Nottingham Forest fans in the crowd. Tweeting a picture of Kane's selfie, Twitter user Matt wrote: "It was his brother... It's coming home!" After the game, Kane, who scored his sixth goal of the World Cup to keep him on course for the Golden Boot, tweeted: "What. A. Feeling." England fans lost their heads after the dramatic win.
PA PROUD: Harry Kane's brother Charlie hugs him after penalty shootout win
England Player Ratings: Jordan Pickford the hero in penalty shootout win over Colombia ENGLAND won on penalties against Colombia to advance to the World Cup quarter-final tonight - here are our player ratings for the Three Lions. 1 / 15 GETTY England: Team average - 6.53
“What. A. Feeling” Harry Kane Twitter user Chris Chapman wrote: "If this gets 1k retweets I'm allowed to call my yet to be born son Harry Kane Chapman". And Ryan wrote: "If we win the World Cup I'll get a tattoo of Harry Kane's face on my a***". Bookmakers Ladbrokes today announced Harry is the 2/1 favourite to be the most popular newborn boys' name for 2018. While Everton keeper Jordan Pickford may also be an inspiration to prospective couples after his penalty heroics last night.
Jessica Bridge from Ladbrokes said: "It wouldn't be a huge surprise to see a spike in births during Spring next year, particularly with babies called Harry or Jordan." Other fans thought the best bit of the night was the bromance between Kane and England coach Gareth Southgate. Sharing a picture of Southgate hugging the Spurs striker, Daniel Tatarsky tweeted: "Find someone who loves you as much as Gareth Southgate loves Harry Kane."
TWITTER BROTHER: Charlie Kane was pictured in the stands before the game with England fans
KINSHASA: A possible plan by U.S. President Donald Trump to suspend a rule on "conflict minerals" could help fund armed groups and contribute to a surge in unrest in central Africa, regional states said on Wednesday.
Sources told Reuters last week that Trump planned to issue a directive targeting a Dodd-Frank rule that requires companies to disclose whether their products contain "conflict minerals" from war-torn parts of Africa, including Democratic Republic of Congo.
A leaked draft seen by Reuters calls for the rule to be temporarily suspended for two years.
Competition for Congo's vast mineral resources has fuelled two decades of conflict in eastern Congo, including a 1998-2003 regional war that killed millions, most from hunger and disease.
The International Conference on the Great Lakes Region (ICGLR), a regional body comprising 12 member states including Congo, warned that repealing the provision would make it harder to ensure that minerals were conflict free.
"This might ultimately lead to a generalized proliferation of terrorist groups, trans-boundary money laundry and illicit financial flows in the region," the ICGLR said in a statement.
The minerals covered by the rule - gold, tin, tantalum and tungsten - are important components in various electronics, aviation products and jewellery.
Several international campaign groups have urged Trump to maintain the provision. Human Rights Watch said last week that suspending the rule would undermine efforts to eliminate conflict minerals from supply chains.
Business groups opposed to the measure say it forces companies to furnish politically charged information and that it costs too much for companies to trace the source of minerals.
The ICGLR's statement acknowledged that the initial roll out of the law had imposed a "de facto embargo", as major companies avoided buying minerals from the region, but said implementation of an ICGLR programme to trace minerals' origins had led to a revival of exports.
(Reporting By Aaron Ross; Editing by Edward McAllister and Susan Thomas)
MUMBAI: Veteran playback singer Lata Mangeshkar took to twitter in the New Year to express her admiration for singer-actor K.L. Saigal.
The singer revealed that she used to listen to Saigal's songs as a child and always wanted to meet him, but she never got the opportunity to. However, she went on to record two of his songs on her album 'Shraddhanjali'.
Those two songs are -
Main Kya Jaanu Kya Jadu Hai
Nainheen Ko Raah Dikha Prabhu
DEBBIE McGee isn't letting go of her newly acquired bombshell status just yet.
They Strictly Come Dancing 2017 starlet supported her professional dance partner Giovanni Pernice on his return to the stage. The Italian hunk – who is dating TOWIE's Jessica Wright – stars in Born to Win at the The Lyric Theatre, London. Debbie, 59, showed sex appeal has no age in a scintillating red frock. The figure-hugging dress featured lace above the waist which exposed her bulging bustline.
FLYNET/SPLASH NEWS LADY IN RED: Debbie stunned in a figure-hugging lace number
Strictly's Debbie McGee's sexiest looks Former assistant to the magician Paul Daniels and Strictly star Debbie McGee's hottest pictures. 1 / 19 BBC Debbie McGee's hottest pictures
FLYNET/SPLASH NEWS THICK AS THIEVES: Debbie supported Giovanni on his new stage production
“Giovanni messaged me the other day and said: 'Darling, do you mind if I dance with another partner?'” Debbie McGee Debbie's hourglass silhouette was laid bare in the bold frock, while skyscraper heels elongated her bronzed pins. Debbie – who was married to iconic magician Paul Daniels for almost 30 years before his death in 2016 – completed her look with a dramatic smokey eye, statement earrings and a bouffant hair do. The blonde bombshell later slipped into another red dress for a one-on-one dance performance with Giovanni.
Flesh-flashing celebs over 50 Celebs shock with their hot over 50 bodies. 1 / 21 Getty/Social Life Magazine Flesh-flashing celebs over 50
FLYNET/SPLASH NEWS TWINKLE TOES: Debbie and Giovanni reached the Strictly Come Dancing final in 2017
Debbie definitely hadn't forgotten her rhythm, as Giovanni spun her around. Debbie McGee and Giovanni Pernice – who reached the Strictly Come Dancing final – formed a tight bond while competing in the BBC dance competition and even sparked rumours of an age-gap romance. Debbie revealed that Giovanni even asked her permission to pair up with another woman, after she admitted she would get "jealous".
FLYNET/SPLASH NEWS JEALOUSY: Giovanni had to ask Debbie permission before taking on another dance partner
Several people were injured in a car crash at the intersection of 9th and Division.
Davenport Police confirm there was a car crash and several people were transported to the hospital.
Viewers tell TV-6 both 9th and Division were shut down for some time while crews worked to clean up the scene.
We are working to get more information. Stay with KWQC TV-6 on air and online for the latest developments.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
Nick Jonas is the best uncle!
The 25-year-old singer wrote the cutest message on Instagram on Friday, dedicated to his niece, Alena, on her 4th birthday.
“Happy birthday to my beautiful niece Alena! You light up my world every single day. Love you so much!” Nick captioned a pic of himself with his older brother, Kevin Jonas, and little Alena.
Kevin also took to Instagram to gush about his firstborn, writing, “Happy birthday my beautiful girl we love you so much Alena!” Meanwhile, the Jonas brothers' dad, Kevin Jonas Sr., also shared a flashback pic of the birthday girl.
“Happy Birthday to our special little angel Alena. Glammy and PawPaw Love you so much!,” he wrote.
Alena has been celebrating all week long. Last week, the Jonas' threw a birthday dinner where she received an amazing ice cream-filled special treat.
The brothers recently reactivated their Instagram account, which had fans freaking out and speculating a JoBro reunion. While Nick took notice of fans' reactions, none of the guys have said anything about a possible reunion.
For more on the Jonas Brothers, watch below.
RELATED CONTENT:
Nick Jonas Recalls Super Awkward Date With Him, Selena Gomez, Brother Joe and Taylor Swift
Selena Gomez Jokingly Takes a Stab at Nick Jonas for ‘Ruined' Date With Joe Jonas and Taylor Swift
Nick Jonas Hangs With His Niece, Miley Cyrus & Fam Rock Ugly Sweaters, Plus More Celeb Christmas Celebrations!
Related Gallery
Let's block ads! (Why?)
News
Cameroonian midfielder Alex Song is training with his former club Arsenal.
The 30-year-old is a free agent after leaving Russian club Rubin Kazan, but he is not in line for a return to the Gunners.
Manager Arsene Wenger has said that Song is only training to keep fit as he seeks a new club in 2018.
“He [Song] is looking for a new club. I allowed him to come in to work on his fitness,” explained Wenger. “Nothing more than that.”
Song has played for Bastia, Arsenal, Charlton, Barcelona, West Ham United and Rubin Kazan in his senior club career.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "22","recurring_event": "376","competition": "427","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "22","recurring_event": "376","competition": "427","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
NIZHNY NOVGOROD: Such was my haste in packing and ignorance of Russia that I nearly followed my wife's recommendation to throw in a woolly hat for the World Cup before setting off from Venezuela.
Thank goodness I didn't, because it would have felt mighty silly having that in higher summer temperatures beside the Volga river than those back home on the Caribbean.
Advertisement
It was not the only misconception that I, a Reuters reporter - and hordes of fans who had likewise never been here - had about a host nation stereotyped for cold weather and cold people.
To our collective joy, edification and more than slight embarrassment, the Russia we found was hospitable, organised, modern, bending over backwards to help us - and ready to party.
My assignment was in Nizhny Novgorod, a "closed city" during the Soviet era, I had read in advance. That reminded me of the grey images of tower-blocks and food lines that were a staple of English media coverage during the Cold War of my childhood.
Whatever its past, this city of 1.2 million people at the confluence of the Volga and Oka rivers is now open and rocking.
Advertisement
Advertisement
From the airport to the stadium, hotel and public squares, young volunteers from local language schools were eager to show their English and spare us stumbling over phrase-books for a "Spasibo" (thank you) or "Zdravstvuyte" (hello).
People walk on a bridge over the Moskva river at the Zaryadye Park off Red Square in Moscow. (Photo: Reuters)
At the gorgeous new Nizhny Novgorod Stadium, whose blue-and-white hues evoke water and wind, the facilities were perfect for journalists: high-speed internet, spacious desks with a TV for replays and a great view of the pitch, and special shuttle buses to whiz us through the crowds.
On the streets, locals sang, danced and took selfies with armies of fans from Panama to South Korea. Often, conversations merrily proceeded via phone translation apps.
"FORGET WHAT YOU READ ABOUT RUSSIA"
When Russia played in a different city, the locals poured onto the streets, chanted, and packed the fan zone in scenes of exuberant patriotism that beat anything I had witnessed in previous tournaments at Brazil 2014 and South Africa 2010.
Even the feared English hooligans never materialised.
Instead, "Three Lions" fans hung out their flags and partied courteously with Russians in cafes and boulevards, while police hung back discreetly in the side-streets, un-deployed for the trouble they had been trained to expect.
Even the food, sometimes ridiculed as stodgy and bland, was getting a thumbs-up, especially the ubiquitous Georgian cordon bleu, smoky Armenian cafes, and surprisingly affordable Siberian caviar.
"Forget everything you ever read or thought about Russia - this is absolutely brilliant! It's such a shame so many people were put off," said England fan Charlie Carline, 33, quaffing beer in the sun-kissed fan zone next to Nizhny Novgorod's "Kremlin" castle on a hilltop overlooking the rivers.
Some of his friends, veterans of past World Cups, stayed at home for fear of a repeat of the Russian-English fan violence seen in France at the 2016 Euros or hostility due to the dire state of political relations between London and Moscow.
Photographer Lucy Nicholson, based in Los Angeles, had covered seven Olympics for Reuters but never a World Cup and was excited to be finally seeing Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
"One of the most striking things about the World Cup compared to the Olympics, is how male it is: the vast majority of fans, media, and obviously players are male," she said.
"Given this, it was surprising how little rowdiness I witnessed ... I found ordinary Russians, particularly women, to be invariably kind and warm ... This welcoming behaviour could have been inspired by pride in a national event or perhaps by the balmy weather, but much of it seemed spontaneous and genuine."
"CLEANEST CITY I'VE SEEN"
Nicholson's biggest challenge was travelling between multiple cities - from Kaliningrad on the Baltic Coast to Sochi on the Black Sea. She took 14 flights in 18 days on Aeroflot and Siberia Airlines, once falling asleep in a stadium pre-match due to the exhaustion.
"It was fascinating to visit parts of Russia rarely seen by tourists," Nicholson said. "Restrictions on mass gatherings were suspended for the World Cup, creating an unusual carnival-like atmosphere."
Australia-based Reuters photographer David Gray was at his fourth consecutive World Cup and in Samara throughout.
Reuters' journalists Andrew Cawthorne (left) and Mark Gleeson sit in the media tribune at the Nizhny Novgorod Stadium. (Photo: Reuters)
"This World Cup differs from all the others due to one main factor - my preconceived ideas of what to expect," he said, echoing the conclusion of most Cold War-era western visitors.
"Talking with Russians during this event has broadened my understanding of their extremely strong national pride. A pride I find very admirable. It has also meant the cleanest city streets I have ever seen," said Gray, for whom the sound of water-spraying machines became as routine as that of cars.
He was also impressed by Samara's UFO-like stadium.
"The chanting and singing reverberates beautifully off the circular roof, and as at all World Cups, leaves a permanent ringing in your ears for many weeks after."
Of course, there will be a reality check after the love-in with Russia. It does still snow here in other seasons, no amount of fan fun can hide some serious political problems, and critics will say President Vladimir Putin has exploited the tournament to clean an increasing pariah image abroad.
Yet for the glorious summer of 2018, Russia put on its best World Cup face - and the world smiled back.
By Stacy Hsu / Staff reporter
The Mainland Affairs Council yesterday said its priority is ascertaining the truth behind Chinese dissident Zhang Xiangzhong's (張向忠) defection to Taiwan before considering how to process his possible request for political asylum.
On the sidelines of a meeting of the legislature's Internal Administration Committee in Taipei, Mainland Affairs Council Minister Katharine Chang (張小月) said so far she has only seen news reports about Zhang's alleged intention to seek political asylum in Taiwan, but he has yet to make contact with any government agencies.
“As the Act Governing Relations Between the People of the Taiwan Area and the Mainland Area (臺灣地區與大陸地區人民關係條例) does not cover political asylum requests, we normally grant the status of ‘special case of long-term residency' to Chinese citizens with different political stances,” Chang said.
Should Zhang file a formal request for political asylum with the Ministry of the Interior's National Immigration Agency, the government would place Zhang under the care of non-governmental organizations while it seeks to ascertain the truth and discuss the issue with concerned agencies, Chang said.
However, Chang said that it is early to say if Zhang would receive “special case of long-term residency” status.
Zhang's case drew public attention after Radio Free Asia on Friday published an interview with him on its Web site.
The 48-year-old resident of China's Shandong Province said he was jailed for three years for participating in a movement calling for civic spirit.
Zhang said he decided to abandon an eight-day tour of Taiwan last week after being inspired by Lee Ching-yu (李凈瑜), who has exhausted all efforts to secure the release of her husband, Taiwanese rights advocate Lee Ming-che (李明哲).
Lee Ming-che was detained after he entered China on March 19 over “activities that threaten China's national security.”
Due to the suspicious timing of Zhang's defection, several lawmakers yesterday voiced concerns over his case.
People First Party Legislator Chen Yi-chieh (陳怡潔) asked if a conspiracy might be involved given that tensions across the Taiwan Strait have increased since Lee Ming-che's detention.
Democratic Progressive Party Legislator Chao Tien-lin (趙天麟) said it is “bizarre and suspicious” that Beijing would allow a Chinese dissident who has served time in jail to travel to Taiwan, particularly at such a “sensitive time.”
Chao said since Zhang has not contacted any government agencies, he might have been sent by the Chinese government to disrupt Taiwan's efforts to rescue Lee Ming-che.
Chang said the council would separate the two cases, adding that it has notified Beijing about Zhang's violation of regulations governing tourist visits, in accordance with a 2008 cross-strait agreement.
LONDON: Chinese businessman Jisheng Gao has completed a takeover of Southampton, club owner Katharina Liebherr said in a letter to fans on Monday (Aug 14).
"Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together," Liebherr said.
Although no details of the deal were released, local media reported that Gao had purchased an 80 per cent stake for around £120 million (US$155.60 million).
Liebherr said she had built up a close relationship with Gao's daughter Nelly Gao, who local media said would join the board.
The Premier League approved the takeover by Gao's company in June, and the deal takes to 28 the number of European clubs now under Chinese ownership.
Seven of those are British: West Bromwich Albion, Birmingham City, Aston Villa, Wolves, Reading and Northampton are the others, with Manchester City also 13 per cent owned by Chinese.
Advertisement
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Bernie Czeck of Mocanaqua submitted this photo which he took in December at the New Jersey shore. He wrote, “I took this photo at the beach in Ocean City, N.J., on Dec. 9. Even though the temperature was low, the solitude and stillness of the Atlantic Ocean was beautiful.”
A BITTER family feud has erupted following the shocking deaths of Debbie Reynolds and her daughter, Carrie Fisher.
The 84-year-old Singing in the Rain superstar tragically passed on Dec. 28, just a day after her Star Wars daughter died.
“While Debbie lost many millions in her lifetime to scheming husbands and bad business decisions — and even went bankrupt — she was worth a fortune when she died,” says a source.
PHOTOS: Carrie Fisher's Heartbroken Daughter Comforted By Taylor Lautner
“She left the bulk of her $70 million estate to her children with Eddie Fisher, Carrie and Todd, and her granddaughter, Billie Lourd.
“She never thought for a minute that Carrie would die before her and didn't plan for it. Then Debbie herself passed away so suddenly before changing her will.
“I'm told Billie — Carrie's only child — believes her mother's share should pass straight to her.”
PHOTOS: Debbie Reynolds In ‘Fair To Serious Condition'
That's because if Debbie had died first, Carrie would have received her inheritance — and when Carrie passed, it would have gone to Billie, says the source.
“But Todd thinks Carrie's share should go to him as Debbie's only surviving direct descendant.
“Friends are bracing for a family war.
“It's so sad. Debbie would be devastated.”
PHOTOS: Latest To Know About Carrie Fisher's Frightening Medical Crisis
Billie will inherit Carrie's $5 million estate, according to insiders.
The family feud was apparent at the public memorial service for Debbie and Carrie, say sources.
Billie, 24, shockingly boycotted the event — opting to spend time with her boyfriend, actor Taylor Lautner, and her father, Bryan Lourd.
PHOTOS: Carrie Fisher's Last Photo Before Tragic Death
The family also has been rocked by a fight after Todd, 59, banned his half-sisters, Joely and Tricia Fisher, from participating in the memorial.
Joely posted an outrageous photograph at the service showing her “giving the finger,” alongside the caption: “We were told we were not part of the ‘show.'”
A rep for Todd confirmed Joely was furious — adding her post makes it clear “why Todd did not include her.”
PHOTOS: Carrie Fisher's Cremated Body Caried In Giant Pill
But the rep says Billie and Todd “have a great relationship” and Billie didn't attend the memorial because she was still grieving.
The source hopes that's really the case. “Debbie and Carrie would be horrified” about any bad blood, says the insider.
“Family was so important to them, and all this would break their hearts!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
A Federal Capital Territory High Court, Bwari division, has voided the report of the Commission of Enquiry set up by Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, which barred Kayode Fayemi from holding public office for 10 years.
The Ekiti State Government had, through the commission of enquiry, investigated the tenure of Mr Fayemi as governor between 2010 and 2014, and found him culpable in the mismanagement of funds belonging to the state government.
Mr Fayemi, during the investigative hearing, refused to appear before the commission, citing a court action he filed against the probe.
However, the judgment delivered on Tuesday in Abuja followed a case filed by the Action Peoples Party (APP), challenging the eligibility of Mr Fayemi to contest the office of Governor of Ekiti State on the grounds that he has been indicted by the commission.
The judge, O.A. Musa, dismissed the suit by the APP on the grounds that it was without merit.
The plaintiff had argued among others, that Mr Fayemi's indictment by the commission of inquiry set up by the state government to probe his administration, and the white paper issued by the state based on the indictment, had disqualified him from holding public office by virtue of Section 182(1)(i) of the Constitution.
Mr Musa held that the ‎process leading to the report and white paper was tainted with bias as Mr Fayemi, a gubernatorial candidate in the July 14 election in Ekiti, was not accorded fair hearing.
The judge noted that Section 182(1)(i) of the Constitution, on which the suit was based, was no longer in existence having been deleted by the National Assembly through the first alteration of the Constitution in 2011.
Justice Musa who answered the two questions posed by the plaintiff in the negative, refused all its prayers and declared that Mr Fayemi was eligible to contest the next governorship election and that the APC was at liberty, under the law to field him as its candidate.
He upheld the arguments of Mr Fayemi and the APC that the provisions of Section 182(1)(i) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) having been repealed by the First Alteration to the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria left the plaintiff without a leg to stand on, since the basis of their case was the provision of section 182(1) (i) of the 1999 Constitution as amended which had ceased to exist.
The judge further held that assuming he was wrong on his findings that Section 182(1) of the Constitution had not been repealed, he would still resolve the questions of the eligibility of Mr Fayemi to contest against the plaintiff because the Supreme Court had settled the matter in the celebrated cases of Atiku vs. AC and Amaechi vs. INEC where the Supreme Court held that an indictment by a commission of inquiry or administrative panel cannot stop a citizen of Nigeria to contest any election without been tried and convicted by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Accordingly, the court concluded that since there is no record of conviction of Mr Fayemi before the court, he is qualified to contest for the office of the Governor of Ekiti State.
Mr Fayemi's counsel, Rafiu Balogun, has hailed the judgment, saying it was sound and “met the justice of the case.”
“It is appalling that Ekiti State Government turned itself to a court of law and purportedly barred Dr Fayemi for ten years when he was only invited as a witness and never re-invited when his preliminary objection to challenge his appearance was dismissed,” he said.
The Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Idowu Adelusi, in his reaction, said even though the Peoples Democratic Party did not file the action against the APC candidate, he believed that the APP still had the right of appeal up to the Supreme Court.
He said the PDP was not so much interested in the court action, but was focused on defeating Mr Fayemi at the polls on July 14.
“The party that filed the case has the right to appeal the judgement, even up to the Supreme Court,” Mr Adelusi said.
“But we in the PDP are more interested in defeating him at the polls, not disqualifying him using the court.”
CAG report on FCI reveals loaders' use of proxy labour to earn lakhs continues unabated
By Asit Manohar
The famous lakhpati loaders of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) continue to bleed the corporation dry, never mind multiple suggestions by myriad agencies to rein them in. The latest fault finding mission, by the Comptroller & Auditor General of India, has laid bare the same rot which has been eating away at FCI for years. The CAG found that in October 2015, 61 labourers at FCI earned more than Rs two lakh as monthly incentive and two among these loaders earned over three lakh in incentive! Their remuneration was in multiple lakhs for merely loading grain sacks!
Between January and March 2016, labourers ostensibly suffering from chronic ailments like paralysis, heart and kidney diseases at some depots of the Northern region earned incentives and overtime anywhere between Rs 90,836 and Rs 305,311!
The first instance of 61 labourers earning unbelievable incentives was found at FCI's Dimapur depot, forcing CAG to conclude that there is widespread use of proxy labour — a charge often laid at FCI's door but the government has done precious little about it, leading to siphoning off of large sums from the corporation by unscrupulous workers.
Proxy labour allows loaders to earn hefty incentives by showing an abnormally high number of bags loaded each day. The prevalent norm is 105 bags per day per loader but at Dimapur, CAG found that 97 ‘departmental labour' handled over 66 lakh excess bags between April and December 2015. Over and above the 105 bags per person norm. What else explains this but the widespread prevalence of proxy labour, where unauthorised proxy workers are being used by the departmental labour to earn hefty incentives on each extra bag? CAG found each loader handling anywhere between 998-1776 bags per day – against the norm of just 105 bags.
In its report tabled in Parliament on Friday, India's chief auditor has said FCI unnecessarily spent Rs 237.65 crore due to non-rationalisation of labour, deployment of costlier labour at depots and non-pooling of labour.
So what does the government have to say in its defense? In a written reply in Lok Sabha earlier this month, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution minister Ram Vilas Paswan said
∙ The recommendation of a high level committee that incentives to labour be capped could not be accepted since it would lead to delay in unloading at the railheads.
∙ In pursuance to the award passed by CGIT, Karkardooma, Delhi on 5 July 2016, the datum of departmental labour has been revised from 105 bags per worker per day to 135 bags per worker per day which has resulted in reduction of incentive to about 30 percent.
∙ As such there is likely saving of approximately Rs 200 cr per annum after implementation of revised datum.
What this means in effect is that there is no real action taken on weeding out this widespread practice of proxy labour being used by the workers to gain untold riches by merely loading grain sacks at FCI.
A committee headed by ex-Union minister Shanta Kumar had observed in 2015 that there was huge disparity in wages of various kind of labour force engaged by FCI. It had said that this was the consequence of the incentive system in notified depots and “widely used proxy labour. This must be fixed, either by de-notifying these depots or handing them over to states or private sector on service contracts and by fixing a maximum limit on the incentives per person that will not allow him to work for more than say 1.25 times the work agreed with him.”
FCI is a strange organization, with loaders are categorized into not one or two but four categories with varying degrees of incentives:
DEPARTMENTAL LABOUR
Get regular pay, overtime, incentives, PF, Gratuity. This category is the top of the heap. According to the CAG report, this category of workers costs FCI Rs 654 per metric tonne of handling.
DIRECT PAYMENT
Uniform piece rate with minimum guaranteed wages even on the days when there is no work. They also get benefits like PF, gratuity and overtime. This category of workers costs the FCI roughly a third or what the departmental labour costs, at Rs 214 per metric tonne.
NO WORK NO PAY
Piece rate or daily minimum wages – whichever is higher but only for the days they are engaged for work. Other benefits like PF, Gratuity etc remain. This category of workers costs the FCI a fraction of what departmental labour costs: Just Rs 85 per metric tonne.
CONTRACT SYSTEM
Private handling and transport contractors are awarded depot wise contracts for handling food grain. Obviously bottom of the heap, with hardly any earnings. The cheapest labour force available to FCI.
The CAG has found and illustrated numerous instances of fraudulent labour practices at FCI which are bleeding the corporation dry. It has recommended that departmental labour should be pooled in fewer depots and others should use contract labour. The other obvious recommendation is elimination of proxy labour through — proper documentation of prescribed details in the booking cum output slips, installing a biometric attendance system and CCTVs, and installing automatic red flag indicators for suspected abnormally high claims towards incentives.
Will the government pay heed? Already, FCI has been facing immense financial uncertainty since the Finance Ministry has not been releasing a majority of the funds – food subsidy – needed by the FCI to function each year. The CAG found that FCI would have saved Rs 35,701.81 crore interest burden between 2011-16, had the government released food subsidy on time. “On an average, only 67 percent of subsidy claimed was released by the Government of India over the last five years because of which FCI had to borrow from other costlier means of finance resulting in heavy interest burden of Rs 35,701.81 crore during 2011-16,” it said.
With huge indebtedness, FCI is obviously also facing rampant labour malpractices. While for the former, it has to depend on government's largesse, FCI should be able to tackle the labour menace by now.
By Tsai Ping-hsun 蔡秉勳
The Executive Yuan has drafted a series of policies to boost the birthrate, one of which is to provide parents of children up to two years old [who hire babysitters or send their children to daycare centers] with a monthly subsidy ranging from NT$6,000 to NT$10,000 to pay for childcare. On Wednesday last week, Premier William Lai (賴清德) decided that the subsidy would be distributed directly to parents. The policy is expected to go into effect on Aug. 1.
Putting aside the rationale of using financial incentives to boost the low birthrate, it is doubtful that the monthly subsidy will be sufficient to alleviate the issue; otherwise the low birthrate problem would not have worsened in many other nations where this policy has already been tried.
As part of a wider global trend, the low birthrate is unlikely to change in the short term, but the government's mindset can. Officials should pay more attention to children and make more effort to ensure that they grow up in a healthy environment, as more healthy children would lessen the impact of the low birthrate. Enhancing the health and welfare of children is the best policy to counter the low birthrate problem.
Taiwan ranks fifth against Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development member nations for infant mortality rates. Taiwan's relatively high mortality rate for children younger than one reflects an imbalance in the distribution of medical resources. Aside from accidental deaths, a lack of comprehensive medical care is the leading cause of infant mortality: 45 percent of deaths result from congenital anomalies and disorders originating in the perinatal period of premature births.
The low birthrate has led to a reduction in the number of patients in pediatrics wards and the size of the medical market for children's health. Naturally, hospitals are budgeting fewer resources to pediatric departments, which in turn become less attractive to newly graduated doctors. The doctor-patient ratio in pediatrics stands at one physician for as many as 4,000 children, which is hardly sustainable.
Waiting times for surgery for young patients are getting longer and the quality of treatment has been affected. In the long term, the phenomenon will lead to the insufficient quality and quantity of pediatricians and inadequate medical training. Children in need of emergency or critical care will suffer the most, as such conditions require copious resources and long hospitalization. Many of these patients could fully recover and grow up to become healthy, but will die young due to a lack of medical resources.
In 2016, the Ministry of Health and Welfare launched a project to enhance the quality of pediatrics and integrate medical resources across regions. Subsidies were given to 15 counties and municipalities to hire additional pediatricians for emergency departments. However, the number of regions lacking emergency care pediatricians did not decrease. Few concrete measures have been implemented or are planned to tackle the issue.
It is welcome that the government has shown a determination to raise the birthrate, but giving out money alone will not make much difference. It needs to plan and implement support measures, such as coordinating resources for child medical care, while tackling underlying social issues, such as low pay and rising housing prices, and establishing more affordable childcare facilities.
Now we will be THREE 👶🏼 A post shared by Neil Nitin Mukesh (@neilnitinmukesh) on Apr 23, 2018 at 8:16am PDT
Now we will be THREE 👶🏼 https://t.co/aasnEtXQkG — Neil Nitin Mukesh (@NeilNMukesh) April 23, 2018
Actor Neil Nitin Mukesh and his wife Rukmini Sahay are all set to welcome their first child.Neil took to Instagram to announce that they are going to become parents soon."Now we will be three," Neil captioned a colourful photograph in which a stork is seen carrying a baby.Neil married Mumbai-based Rukmini in February 2017. The couple got engaged on the auspicious occasion of Dussehra. Neil had left the decision of finding his soulmate to his parents. It was an arranged match and they had a courtship of one month.The actor, who is the grandson of legendary singer Mukesh and son of veteran singer Nitin Mukesh, is known for films like Johnny Gaddaar, New York, David and 7 Khoon Maaf.(With IANS inputs)
For coaches, athletes and fans alike, the sight of a pair of monozygotic, or identical, twins on a team in any sport can often cause both confusion and curiosity.
The Glen Burnie track team has the unique privilege, or wonder, depending on how you view it, of having not one or even two, but three sets of twins on the outdoor track team this year, something that made coach Ashley Kelso's first days on the job last year a bit more difficult.
"I had to get to know all of the kids at once last season because it was my first year," Kelso said. "So looking at 60 kids trying to know all their names and faces was a challenge, then I would start to get the names and then it would be one of the twins and I would get confused and not sure which twin it is. But in some ways it's easy because if I yell, 'go twin', I am covering at least 6 of the kids."
The sets of twins are juniors Alexus and Alysha Shaw, who run sprints and hurdles as well as relays; Ishmael and Ibrahimovic Shaheeddavis, seniors who run distance, and Aaron and Joshua Watson, seniors who specialize in the long and triple jumps but also run sprints. Despite being twins, each pair had a unique route to where they got to the point where they all became teammates.
The Watson brothers both played football for the Gophers in the fall, with Aaron playing running back and Joshua at wide receiver. Aaron started track as a sophomore and his success inspired Joshua to join as a junior.
Photos from Anne Arundel County high school sports events in April 2017.
"I wanted to do it my freshman year but I was lazy but because I like running and stuff, I was like, I might as well do this when I was a sophomore," Aaron Watson said. "Then I started really getting into running and stuff and it's been that way ever since."
Aaron finished second in the county at the long jump during indoor season while brother Joshua was third. The pair is off to an excellent start after Aaron took second and Joshua took fourth in the long jump at the outdoor season opening Seahawk Invitational.
Aaron was also busy off the track throughout his time at Glen Burnie, attending a business program at Morgan State and a game design program at George Mason in the summer, the latter inspiring him to attend Mason next fall with the goal of a double major in computer science and game design. Joshua plans to major in business either at York College or the University of Maryland Eastern Shore next fall.
Caption AACS-Sts. Peter & Paul baseball AACS defeated Sts. Peter & Paul, 9-1, on Wednesday at Gambrills Athletic Club. AACS defeated Sts. Peter & Paul, 9-1, on Wednesday at Gambrills Athletic Club. Caption AACS-Sts. Peter & Paul baseball AACS defeated Sts. Peter & Paul, 9-1, on Wednesday at Gambrills Athletic Club. AACS defeated Sts. Peter & Paul, 9-1, on Wednesday at Gambrills Athletic Club. Caption Severna Park-Arundel softball Arundel defeated Severna Park, 2-1, on Monday at Arundel High School. Arundel defeated Severna Park, 2-1, on Monday at Arundel High School. Caption Northeast-Glen Burnie softball Glen Burnie defeated Northeast, 6-2, on Friday at Glen Burnie High School. (Bob Hough / BSMG) Glen Burnie defeated Northeast, 6-2, on Friday at Glen Burnie High School. (Bob Hough / BSMG) Caption Southern boys lacrosse beats Annapolis Southern senior Ben DeBlauw talks about the Bulldogs' 11-4 victory over Annapolis on Wednesday, April 5. Southern senior Ben DeBlauw talks about the Bulldogs' 11-4 victory over Annapolis on Wednesday, April 5. Caption Archbishop Spalding-St. Mary's baseball Spalding defeated St. Mary's 5-4 in baseball action Tuesday night April 4, 2017. (Bob Hough/Capital Gazette) Spalding defeated St. Mary's 5-4 in baseball action Tuesday night April 4, 2017. (Bob Hough/Capital Gazette)
For the Shaheeddavis brothers, particularly Ishamael, the motivation to be able to run the mile successfully after an army physical fitness test while they were at Meade High school served as the impetus to join track their junior years.
"I was in ROTC at Meade," Ishamel Shaheeddavis said. "I had to do 500 pushups and couldn't really run the mile so I just wanted to figure out how to run the mile and that's what got me into track."
Having never played a team sport before, the Shaheeddavis brothers mainly use track as tool for camradarie and staying in shape, spending more time in other organizations. Ibrahimovic is enrolled at the Center for Applied Technology North in the Precision Machine department while Ishamel helped produce the 2017 senior class videos and is also a part of the Robotics club and the tech group.
While Aaron Watson is more outgoing than brother Joshua and Ishmael and Ibrahimovic Shaheeddavis are relatively indifferent to being a twin, Alexus and Alysha Shaw are the epitome of what a non-twin would probably expect from identical twins, including their love for running which developed in the 6th grade in Virginia.
"We are alike in a lot of different ways," Alexus Shaw said. "We like the same foods, we like the same activities, so it wasn't really a suprise that we both liked the same running events because we are basically like the same people in two different bodies."
In addition to sharing a mutual love of macaroni and cheese, pizza and pasta (the Olive Garden is both of their favorite restaurants'), they share a dominance academically as Alysha is first in her class in the race to be valedictorian with Alexus just 0.05 GPA points behind her in third place.
Alexus qualified for states last year in the 100 meter hurdles in outdoor and the 55 meter hurdles indoors and looks to replicate that outside and possibly in the relays, while Alysha hopes to be a part of a state qualifying relay team.
No matter how it turns out, Kelso has been excited by such a rare occurence and has embraced the challenge fully to accentuate the strengths of having three sets of twins across the scope of track in the best way possible.
"It's been pretty exciting," Kelso said. "Some of the twins like to work together, some of the twins don't like to work together, so the twins that like to work together it's a no-brainer to put them in the same relays because they can communicate without talking.
"I'm not worried about them dropping a baton,'' Kelso added. "Sometimes there is sibling rivarly. Aaron and Josh are our only triple jumpers and that's such a unique set of skills that most of the time if I get them in an event we can get points and that's pretty awesome. They are really all pretty great kids."
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
The Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Wednesday gave its nod for the continuation, up to 2020, of eight schemes of the Home Ministry for relief and rehabilitation of migrants under the umbrella scheme “Relief and Rehabilitation of Migrants and Repatriates”.
Addressing the media, Union Minister Rajnath Singh said the financial implication for this decision is Rs 3,183 crore for the period 2017-18 to 2019-20. “The year-wise phasing of the scheme will be Rs 911 crore in 2017-18, Rs 1,372 crore in 2018-19 and Rs 900 crore in 2019-2020.”
A Home Ministry statement said: “The eight schemes approved for continuance are already in operation and the benefits under each will be extended to intended beneficiaries in accordance with the approved criterion.”
The eight schemes were started, at different times, to enable the migrants and repatriates, who have suffered on account of displacement, to earn a reasonable income and to facilitate their inclusion in mainstream economic activities, the statement.
These schemes provide assistance for relief and rehabilitation to displaced families from Pakistan-administered Kashmir and Chhamb; Sri Lankan refugees, Bru families lodged in relief camps in Tripura, Bru or Reang families from Tripura to Mizoram, 1984 anti-Sikh riot victims; civilian victims of terrorists, communal, Maoist violence and cross border firing and mine or improvised explosive device blasts on Indian territory and repatriation of Indian prisoners from abroad; and grant-in-aid to Central Tibetan Relief Committee.
The Central government is also providing grant-in-aid to West Bengal government for infrastructure development in 51 erstwhile Bangladeshi enclaves in India situated in Cooch Behar district for resettlement of 911 returnees from erstwhile Indian enclaves in Bangladesh.
- Advertisement -
The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Prince Uche Secondus, has appealed to all those that contested and lost at the convention not to feel bad, saying there was no victor and no vanquished.
He spoke at the national headquarters of the party in Abuja on Monday when he and members of the National Working Committee assumed office.
He promised to bring everyone on board in the running of the party.
He said, “By the special grace of God, elections have and gone and I declare to you that there is no victor, no vanquished.
- Advertisement -
“Our first assignment will be to bring all and sundry together, that is reconciliation. We reassure leaders of our party especially those who contested this election. We have already started work and by the grace of God, it will be productive.
“We promise to rebuild the party to regain the lost grounds. That will start today.
“As I walked in through the gate, it was symbolic. I asked that the gate be thrown open.
“I hereby declare the gate to this party open to all our people irrespective of their religious beliefs, their class. They are free to come into the party especially those who left for one reason or the other.”
- Monica Osagie appears before a panel constituted by the Obafemi Awolowo University to investigate the allegation against Prof Richard Akindele
- Security operatives barred journalists and students from entering the venue of the sitting
- Nkechi Obiagbaoso says she and two other lawyers are standing for Monica
Monica Osagie, the student who alleged that Prof Richard Akindele at the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, Osun, demanded to sleep with her for marks has appeared before an investigative committee of the institution.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Osagie, a postgraduate student in the masters of business programme, had released a recorded telephone conversation, which went viral, in which the lecturer allegedly made the demand in return for marks.
The committee, which held its session at the pro-chancellor's lodge on the campus, allowed only Osagie and her lawyer into the venue.
The report said journalists, students and some members of the National Human Right Commission who came to witness the sitting were not allowed into the venue of the sitting by security personnel of the institution who manned the entrance.
READ ALSO: Breaking: Again, SARS team reportedly arrests Senator Dino Melaye
The vice-chancellor of the university, Prof Eyitope Ogunnbodede, confirmed to journalists that Osagie was appearing before the committee.
Ogunnbodede, who spoke as though he was not aware that newsmen were already outside the venue, said that he could not disclose the venue of the sitting.
“The lady is appearing before the committee. Members of the committee told me that the lady came and she is appearing before them but I cannot disclose the venue to you,” the vice chancellor said.
Nkechi Obiagbaoso, a legal officer for Women Advocate Research and Documentation Centre, Abuja, said she and two other lawyers were present to represent Osagie.
NAN reports that Obiagbaoso, who spoke with newsmen outside the venue of the sitting, said that two of the lawyers were allowed into the venue of panel sitting while she was asked to stay outside adding that the former venue used for the investigation was changed because of the crowd that might be interested in the case.
Ogunnbodede had earlier confirmed the suspension of Akindele adding that he had received and considered the interim report of the committee set up to investigate the allegation of harassment revealed in the audio recording.
PAY ATTENTION: Read the news on Nigeria's #1 news app
Ogunnbodede also said that the female voice in the audio had been identified as that of Monica Osetobe Osagie, a postgraduate student in the Master of Business Administration regular programme.
The vice chancellor said that though the investigative committee invited both Akindele and Osagie, only the don had appeared before the committee.
“The university is making efforts to ensure that Osagie appears before the investigative committee so that it can hear her side of the case and promptly submit its final report,” he had said.
NAIJ.com earlier reported that Monica Osagie enied shunning an invitation by the panel probing the audio tapes of her conversation with Professor Richard Akindele, who allegedly demanded to sleep with her.
Osagie reportedly made the denial via her proxy, Abiola Akiyode-Afolabi, the founder of Women Advocates Research and Documentation Centre, a non-profit organisation.
African Drum Festival 2018: Nigerian youths show Buhari that they are not lazy | NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Source: Naija.ng
​
Hardik Pandya after his maiden Test century More
What's the Story?
Selecting Hardik Pandya for the Test series was a huge gamble on part of the India selectors as he didn't have an impressive first-class record. However the decision paid dividends as he came out all guns blazing to first register a 86-ball century against Sri Lanka in Kandy.
In a recent interaction with the media, the swashbuckling all-rounder from Baroda spoke about Mahendra Singh Dhoni and how he has helped Pandya keep his cool during the ton.
“(It was the) first time in my life I have not had the 90s butterflies. I don't remember previous centuries, but I used to have butterflies in my stomach from what I can remember. I have said when I bat I am in a different zone. I don't think about my personal scores and achievements. It has helped me. One thing I learned from Mahi bhai is that you always put your team ahead, see the scoreboard and play accordingly. That has helped me throughout," ­Pandya said.
He also talked regarding the way he approached the 26-run over of left-arm spinner Malinda Pushpakumara. “Honestly, I didn't want to go all out in that over, but I don't know what happened. Maybe I was connecting pretty well, and scored 26 runs. It obviously feels good. I saw the scoreboard and I was batting on 80, and I was like, wow! Then I felt I was in the zone, I don't usually look at the scoreboard, I don't want to know what's happening around. I just focus on how I can help the innings progress.”- the Mumbai Indians' batsman added.
In case you didn't know…
Hardik Pandya carted the Lankan bowlers around, and blazed away to a breezy knock of 108 runs in 96 balls that included eight boundaries and seven monstrous sixes.
Pandya also had an impressive run with the bat in his debut Test when he notched up his maiden half-century in Test match cricket at Galle.
The details…
Pandya's knock also drew praises from former Indian cricketers, with Chief Selector MSK Prasad comparing him with the legendary Kapil Dev.
Pandya replied by saying that he would be delighted if he went to achieve even 10% of the Haryana Hurricane's accomplishments throughout his career.
What's next?
India is currently in a commanding position to wrap the Test series up by a margin of 3-0. Sri Lanka will have to bat out of their skins to make India bat again.
However, Pandya has batted well enough to come in the radar of the Indian selectors during India's upcoming assignments in Test cricket.
Author's Take
Though it is Test cricket, Pandya's fearless approach with the bat can turn out to be an asset for India, going forward in the format.
However, Pandya still has a long way to go in the longest format of the sport. In alien conditions like that of England, South Africa and Australia, Pandya will have to come good in order to cement his place as a genuine Test all-rounder for India.
​
Photo: Alex Wong (Getty Images)
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions was quick to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. It is a decision that caused him to lose favor with Donald Trump, who famously said that he never would have appointed Sessions as attorney general if he had known the recusal was going to happen.
Since then, Sessions has been the target of barbs, harsh criticisms and rumored name-calling by the president. That makes it hard to understand why, according to a report by Bloomberg, Sessions is declining to recuse himself from an investigation of Trump's personal lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen.
A person familiar with the matter told Bloomberg that while Sessions has decided against recusing himself from the Cohen investigation, he will consider avoiding “stepping back” from specific questions tied to the investigation.
So why not recuse himself?
Either Sessions is setting himself up to get back into Trump's good graces or he is setting up the ultimate checkmate against his mortal enemy.
Advertisement
Allow me to explain.
The Cohen investigation is being handled by the U.S. Attorney's Office of the Southern District of New York—a part of the U.S. Department of Justice. As the big boss at the DOJ, Sessions is entitled to briefings on the status of the investigation.
Advertisement
Theoretically, that could make him Trump's eyes and ears in the investigation. It ultimately would not benefit Trump because he cannot fire any of the prosecutors involved in the Cohen investigation.
Giving Trump information about the investigation would only serve as a means of getting back on speaking terms with the president. And that is when we have to wonder whether getting back in good with the president is more important to Sessions than being petty and getting back at the man who has been making his life hell for the past year.
If Sessions wanted to get back at Trump, this investigation would be a big way to do it.
Advertisement
Another perk to being the big boss at the Justice Department is that Sessions might be able to have a say on things like subpoenas and indictments in the Cohen investigation.
Basically, it would be the ultimate petty checkmate if Sessions were to flex a little bit and stick his nose in the Cohen investigation. It would certainly make Trump squirm, and that's all I'm here for.
In the meantime, the DOJ is playing it very straight when it comes to the question of Sessions recusing himself.
Advertisement
In a statement, the department said, “The attorney general considers his potential recusal on a matter-by-matter basis as may be needed. To the extent a matter comes to the attention of his office that may warrant consideration of recusal, the attorney general would review the issue and consult with the appropriate department ethics experts.”
It is worth noting that Geoffrey Berman—the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York—has already recused himself from the Cohen investigation.
So why hasn't Sessions?
I'm taking bets, rumors, conjecture and speculation in the comments.
- Advertisement -
The Rivers state chapter of the Progressives Congress (APC) has alleged that Nyesom Wike, the governor, is using state funds “to play Father Christmas in his dying party”.
In a statement on Monday, Chukwuemeka Eze, media aide to Davies Ikanya, chairman of the Rivers APC, said PDP stakeholders refer to Wike as Port Harcourt ATM.
He alleged that the governor spent heavily on the convention of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and “installation” of Uche Secondus, chairman of the party.
“The report that governor of Rivers state, Chief Nyesom Wike, spent a whopping N15.5 billion of Rivers state resources to sponsor Saturday's elective national convention of the PDP and install his lackey, Prince Uche Secondus, as the new National Chairman of the party came to us as a political party as shocking, unfortunate, unacceptable and condemnable,” the statement read.
- Advertisement -
“We have always been aware of the notoriety of Governor Wike in acts like this, so we are not surprised that he is today derisively referred to as The Port Harcourt ATM by PDP top stakeholders on account of his huge financial inducement as he is leaving no stone unturned in his bid to take full control of PDP ahead of the 2019 general elections.
“Governor Wike has a reputation of heavy financial inducements. Sadly, back home in Rivers State, the government owes a lot of backlogs in salaries to civil servants and arrears of pension to pensioners. The Governor is also known for embarking on low-value projects spiced up with massive media coverage. He has destroyed our education by recalling our students on scholarship overseas, etc, in addition to several other atrocities.”
The party said it would have asked the state house of assembly “to investigate all these anomalies but, unfortunately, we have an assembly that only sits when the governor wants it to sit”.
Simeon Nwakaudu, spokesman of the governor, was not available for comment as he neither responded to calls nor the text message.
A U.S. federal judge on Wednesday dismissed two lawsuits by Moscow-based Kaspersky Lab that sought to overturn bans on the use of the security software maker's products in U.S. government networks.
REUTERS: A U.S. federal judge on Wednesday dismissed two lawsuits by Moscow-based Kaspersky Lab that sought to overturn bans on the use of the security software maker's products in U.S. government networks.
The company said it would seek to appeal the decision, which leaves in place prohibitions included in a funding bill passed by Congress and an order from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
Advertisement
The bans were issued last year in response to allegations by U.S. officials that the company's software could enable Russian espionage and threaten national security.
"These actions were the product of unconstitutional agency and legislative processes and unfairly targeted the company without any meaningful fact finding," Kaspersky said in a statement.
U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly in Washington said Kaspersky had failed to show that Congress violated constitutional prohibitions on legislation that "determines guilt and inflicts punishment" without the protections of a judicial trial.
She also dismissed the effort to overturn the DHS ban for lack of standing.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Kaspersky Lab and its founder, Eugene Kaspersky, have repeatedly denied wrongdoing and said the company would not help any government with cyber espionage.
The company filed the lawsuits as part of a campaign to refute allegations that it was vulnerable to Kremlin influence, which had prompted the U.S. government bans on its products.
That effort includes plans to open a data centre in Switzerland, where the company will analyse suspicious files uncovered on the computers of its tens of millions of customers in the United States and Europe.
(Reporting by Jim Finkle in Toronto; Editing by Peter Cooney)
We can say this much for Thanos. For the greatest villain in all the universe — a tyrant whose chin might be lumps of grape mashed potatoes scored with a fork to resemble Devil's Tower — he's got some ideas that aren't all that bad. His mission, to gather all six of creation's so-called infinity stones, is a bit of childish collector's mania, a prank on the superfan marks who buy multiple copies of an Avengers comic to get all the "variant" covers. But Thanos' endgame I can understand: In the name of achieving "balance," he aims to blink away half the population of existence. When he announced this, not too long into Avengers: Infinity War, I admit to thinking about the film's running time (160 minutes) and daydreaming that he might vacate his asteroid lair for the editing bay. Forget the cosmic genocide, Thanos, and show Marvel how to kill some darlings!
Infinity War does claim a body count, the specifics of which, I'm happy to report, fans probably won't guess. As the third Avengers film, it has an air of senior year about it: There are some drearily solemn speeches, but you'll remember the blowouts, and there's plenty of time to wonder which of these faces you'll see again. This epic, the first of two final Avengers films, finds the Class of '12 — the core Avengers — getting together for one last rager, joined by select newbies and spazzes from the ranks of sophomores and freshmen. Here's Tom Holland's Spider-Man, all giddy heart and whip-fast Looney Tunes action. Benedict Cumberbatch's Dr. Strange takes up the role of square-jawed stiff who just can't believe/grudgingly respects this Iron Man fellow. Chadwick Boseman's Black Panther turns up much too late into the movie for the superhero whose own film is Marvel's top grosser. (His job, essentially, is to host the apocalypse.) And the Guardians of the Galaxy zip through to get caught up in yet more daddy issues and remind us that, even with the fate of all creation on the line, there's no joke they can't belabor a couple of beats too long.
Simply put, the Marvel Universe is too big to squeeze into one movie. But the biggest surprise here is that much of Infinity War fairly zips along, as directors Joe and Anthony Russo and their armies of pre-viz teams and editors cut between dozens of competing characters and cliffhangers — they've yanked all the good parts from a colossal Marvel comic-book crossover event and chucked them onto the screen. To the heroes, they dole out big moments the way awards show producers dispense goody bags, making sure each star has reason to go home happy. Everyone gets a quip to crack, an ass to kick and an opportunity for noble sacrifice. (The latter especially — Thanos the editor would have cut one.)
The second biggest surprise, after many spectacular faceoffs and showdowns, is the ending, which I'll not spoil except to say this: I didn't see it coming. I mean that literally. When the screen faded to black, I thought there must still be half an hour of fighting to go. What higher praise can one give a movie that takes all day than, "I got caught up enough that I didn't notice how much day it had taken"?
The first action set piece, in Greenwich Village, stands as a highlight of all the Marvel films, a witty world-outside-your-window dustup full of teamups, tech upgrades and a wizard fighting space aliens at high noon in Washington Square Park. The second, set in what we're told simply is "Scotland," whiffs, but it stars the android Vision (Paul Bettany) and the Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen), mopey characters whose souls have not survived the promotion from comics to movies, possibly because the movies cut away every time they start making eyes at each other. Here, their limited screen time is amusingly at odds with their crucialness to the plot. That's perhaps proof that Marvel movies truly are made by fans for fans — whenever these two are on screen, Infinity War itself seems like it's ready to sneak out to the bathroom.
Their scenes seem trimmed to make way for Josh Brolin's Thanos, the character whose movie this is — nobody's onscreen more than this brooding purple titan, and he's a more compelling villain than most non-Loki, non-Killmonger Marvel screen baddies. Still, his pronouncements veer from the monumental to the tin-eared, often in a single line. "I ignored my destiny once," he rumbles, before adding, unnecessarily, "I cannot do that again."
EXPAND Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), left, Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) and Wong (Benedict Wong) Courtesy Marvel Studios
It's the house style of the Marvel movies to undercut grandiosity with wisecracks, essentially RiffTracking themselves. Chris Pratt's Star-Lord points out that Thanos' chin looks a "nutsack," and Rocket, his one-racoon-army pal, tells a giant space dwarf played by Peter Dinklage that naming an ax forged from the very essence of a star "Stormbreaker" is "a bit much." That ribbing often seems to me cheaply self-exonerating, a case of the filmmakers letting themselves off the hook for the goofiness of these stories — for their failure to sell us the most outlandish elements. Rather than commit the imaginative resources to stirring awe in us at the power of Stormbreaker, they layer a critic's complaint about its cheesiness right into the scene. Rather than design the villain so that he doesn't look like a rugged scrotum, they score a laugh out of it and move on.
Infinity War only sags, I think, in its middle, when the filmmakers give us too many underlit scenes in a row set in what seems to be the basement junkyards of a host of indistinguishable planets. Thanos stalks through some of these in ponderous monologue, as humorless as a pastor on Good Friday. That's true to the comics — Marvel villains do go on — but the relative blandness of the cosmos is not. Jack Kirby, Jim Starlin and the many other architects of the pen-and-ink infinities that have inspired Infinity War all packed their universe with weirdness, visions and grandeur. The Russos and the hundreds of craftspeople who worked on this film have dreamed up marvelous battles — especially the one where a motley assortment of heroes takes their cracks at the purportedly unstoppable Thanos. But only once here did an intergalactic vista catch my breath the way a splash page in a Silver Surfer comic might.
That's partially because the filmmakers are always in a hurry: Grandeur takes time; jokes can come quickly. To be fair, in all Marvel universes, it's the characters that count most. That's what the films have gotten right ever since Jon Favreau's Iron Man 10 years ago. The world-building has sometimes come at the expense of narrative (Iron Man 2, Avengers: Age of Ultron), the storytelling has often been rote or formulaic (Ant-Man, Doctor Strange), the action has sometimes looked like an afterthought (Spider-Man: Homecoming), and Thor: The Dark World remains, unforgivably, Thor: The Dark World. But through them all — even in Captain America: Civil War, which scrambled motivations to create conflict — is a certainty about just who these heroes are, what makes each interesting and what fans have dreamed of seeing them do. More often than not, the filmmakers have achieved the latter.
(Super vague ending spoiler follows!) The cliffhanger climax of Infinity War left the audience at my screening in a state that I can only describe with the most tired of critical clichés: They were stunned. No matter the film's flaws, that decade of character work — of character love, even — powers an all-too-rare pop-culture wallop. For once, the superhero movie punches us.
Police in Hastings and Rother are seeking the public's help as they step up efforts to trace a Bexhill man wanted on warrant for recall to prison.
Cameron ‘Cam' Skilton, 18, of London Road, Bexhill, was released on licence from HMP Rochester in Kent on February 1 this year while serving a four-year sentence for robbery.
But on February 28 the licence was revoked and Skilton, a builder, is now required to return to custody.
Sussex Police say he has so far failed to do so and has evaded arrest.
Skilton was recently spotted in Hastings.
He is described as white, 5'4” and of small build. He has the words ‘love' and ‘hate' tattooed on his right and left hands respectively, and also has a swallow tattooed on his right hand.
Police now appealing for anyone seeing Skilton or knowing of his whereabouts to contact them immediately.
They can do so online at https://sussex.police.uk/contact-us/response-to-appeal/, by emailing 101@sussex.pnn.police.uk or by phoning 101, quoting serial 1163 of 28/02.
In an emergency, please dial 999.
* Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage at www.bexhillobserver.net/
2) Like our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/bexhillobserver
3) Follow us on Twitter @BexhillObs
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
The Bexhill Observer - always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
Brighton sealed promotion to the Premier League yesterday and they're on the front and back pages of today's national newspapers.
The Sun and Daily Mirror have both splashed the Seagulls over the front page, while the club also cover the back pages of every national paper as well.
Albion are back in the top flight of English football for the first time since 1983, after they beat Wigan 2-1 at the Amex yesterday and Huddersfield drew at Derby County.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1 Make this website your homepage
2 Like our Facebook page at facebook.com/pages/Sport-Sussex
3 Follows us on Twitter @SportSussex
4 Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
French energy giant Total will push ahead with a $4.8 billion deal to develop an Iranian gas field and will seek a waiver if Washington re-imposes sanctions, the firm's CEO has said.
U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to withdraw from a 2015 deal curtailing Iran's nuclear programme in exchange for sanctions relief, unless it is "improved" by May 12.
"If the U.S. decides to put back the sanctions, we have to look at what the consequences are," Total chief Patrick Pouyanne said in an interview with Abu Dhabi daily The National published yesterday. "Then we will see, either Donald Trump decides to maintain the waivers and we will move on with the project, (or) we will ask for a waiver from the U.S. authorities."
Defying pressure from Washington, Total signed a deal with Iran in July to head up an international consortium to develop Iran's vast South Pars offshore gas field, alongside China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) and Iran's Petropars.
In January, Trump demanded changes to what he has called a "terrible" nuclear deal or the United States would withdraw. European parties to the agreement are desperate to save it and have been scrambling to find ways to persuade Trump not to rip it up. If Washington does walk away from the deal, Pouyanne said, Total will argue that as the project was "awarded prior to that decision during the period of time that we could sign". That could allow the firm to benefit from a clause allowing the gas agreement to stand.
With its shares 15% off the highs reached in February, I think the company could be a decent option for opportunistic growth hunters, even if it still trades on premium valuation to many in the sector.
With the ongoing Italian political crisis capturing investors' attention, it's easy to forget that several companies reported to the market this morning. One example was grocery and consumer goods retailer B&M European Value Retail SA (LSE: BME).
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners. Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails. More information about how The Fool collects, stores, and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
With the ongoing Italian political crisis capturing investors' attention, it's easy to forget that several companies reported to the market this morning. One example was grocery and consumer goods retailer B&M European Value Retail SA (LSE: BME).
With its shares 15% off the highs reached in February, I think the company could be a decent option for opportunistic growth hunters, even if it still trades on premium valuation to many in the sector.
Solid profits
Despite experiencing a weak fourth quarter due to the cold weather, group revenues rose 22% at constant currency to £2.98bn compared to the previous year. Adjusted pre-tax profit also increased by a very solid 16.5% to £221.5m for the 52 weeks to 24 March, exceeding analyst expectations.
With numbers like these, it's no surprise that B&M is bucking the trend seen across the retail world and expanding its estate at a fair clip. A total of 47 new stores were opened over the year, with another 45 planned for the current financial year. Elsewhere, the acquisition of Heron Foods seems to be playing out well with an “excellent performance” seen in the eight months it's been owned by B&M. A huge distribution centre in Bedford is also under construction and due for completion in 2020.
Commenting on results, CEO Simon Arora reflected that the company's value-focused model was “highly relevant” for the wobbly economic climate in which we find ourselves. The company had also made a “pleasing start” to the new financial year with like-for-like revenue growth of 3.1% recorded in the first eight weeks.
Trading at 18 times forecast earnings for the 2018/19 financial year, B&M is clearly one of the more expensive retail stocks out there — a fact which may explain why the stock was trading fairly flat in early trading this morning. That said, it stands out as a shining example that not everyone in the industry are going through tough times. Indeed, management's decision to increase the final dividend by just over 23% to 4.8p per share (bringing the full-year payout to 7.2 per share, up 24.1%) is indicative of just how confident it is on the company's outlook. A PEG ratio of 1.28 also suggests that the shares still offer reasonable value for the expected earnings growth.
Given the above, I wouldn't bet against B&M's share price resuming its march higher over the medium term.
Reassuringly expensive?
Another option for those keen to capitalise on UK shoppers' love for a bargain would be Primark owner Associated British Foods (LSE: ABF).
April's interim numbers for were mostly fine with sales and profit growth achieved in all of the company's businesses with the exception of Sugar segment. Group revenue rose 3% in constant currency to £7.42bn with adjusted pre-tax profit rising 1% to £628m. Management's full-year outlook was unchanged.
True, the shares aren't cheap. A forecast price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 20 for the financial year to September is a huge contrast to high street stalwarts such as M&S and Next.
Nevertheless, the diversified nature of the company's operations and overseas growth potential means that it's less dependent on the UK shopper for sales and profits than peers. A net cash position of £123m is also attractive compared to the stretched balance sheets of rivals.
Should consumers become even more cost conscious as we approach our departure from the EU, I think the £21bn-cap FTSE 100 constituent could be in a sweet spot.
: Superstar Mahesh Babu's yet-untitled Telugu film, to be directed by Vamshi Paidipally, was launched here on Monday.The project, Mahesh's 25th film, will mark his first-time collaboration with director Vamshi.The film is being jointly bankrolled by Dil Raju and Aswini Dutt.Paidipally had said: "Mahesh is very excited about the film. When he heard the first narration, he was ready to go ahead. It's going to be a big film in both of our careers."On collaborating with Mahesh, he said he is really looking forward to the experience."Mahesh as an actor is ready to embrace everything. As a director, I really can't ask for more and that's what makes this film really exciting," he said.Paidipally earned critical acclaim for his last film, Oopiri, a slice-of-life drama which explores the relationship between a quadriplegic millionaire and his convict-turned-caretaker.Asked if we can expect another slice-of-life flick with Mahesh Babu, he said: "It's too early to talk about the film."Devi Sri Prasad has been roped in compose music, while PS Vinod will crank the camera.Pooja Hegde is rumoured to be the leading lady.
Southern California will see more rain this weekend, but Santa Barbara County authorities don't expect it to create debris flows like the ones that devastated Montecito in January.
A storm is moving in from the southwest, bringing subtropical moisture from the equator.
Coasts and valley areas in Los Angeles County can expect up to an inch of rain. South and southwest-facing mountain communities, especially farther north in Ventura County, will see between one and three inches of rain.
A search and rescue team make their way up a mud covered hillside in Montecito, California on January 12, 2018. FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images
That amount of rain spread over several hours is unlikely to trigger mudslides, according to Robbie Munroe, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service.
"At this point, we expect just a low probability of reaching those thresholds," he tells KPCC. "We always recommend to people near burn areas to keep an eye on the weather because, as you know, it does change."
Light to moderate showers will start on Saturday afternoon. Most of the rainfall will occur overnight Saturday with showers continuing through Sunday afternoon.
Santa Barbara County's Office of Emergency Management says it doesn't anticipate any evacuations but residents should remain vigilant.
sbc tweet
When a storm approached the area last week, county officials ordered evacuations for parts of Montecito and four other communities near wildfire burn areas. Fortunately, the runoff didn't cause any problems.
On January 9, a storm unleashed massive debris flows from the burn area above Montecito. Hundreds of homes were destroyed or damaged and 21 people were killed. Two people are still missing.
By Jonathan Chin / Staff writer, with CNA
Taiwanese-American special effects artists Steve Wang (王孫杰) and Eddie Yang (楊積誠) have made names for themselves by designing monsters and superheroes for scores of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters in the past three decades.
Wang and Yang, the creative brains behind Los Angeles-based Alliance Studio, said in an interview that both of their families were appalled by their decision to drop out of college and pursue a career in movie special effects.
Most Taiwanese-American immigrants want their children to be doctors, lawyers or accountants, and their parents were no exception, they said.
Wang said his teacher scolded him by saying his obsession with monsters and his failure to apply himself at school would make him “a loser,” but these days loser is not a word people in Hollywood use when they talk about Wang and Yang, whose resumes include work on Predator, Blade, The Dark Knight Rises, Avatar, Iron Man, Avengers and Man of Steel.
Wang emigrated from Taipei when he was nine and it just so happened that he arrived in the US at Halloween, leading to a lifetime of fascination with monsters and costumes.
After becoming an avid reader of Monsters magazine, Wang said he started making his own monsters at home and sometimes used his mother's cosmetics to experiment with makeup.
By the time he was a teenager, he was virtually a hermit, never leaving his bedroom.
Yang was born in the US and was a huge fan of movies featuring monsters, especially An American Werewolf in London.
When it was time to apply to a college, neither could find a school that taught special effects and so they decided to forge their own paths.
“It is not that we avoided college, but back then college film departments only taught how to direct movies. They offered no classes on makeup and special effects. That was what we were interested in,” Wang said.
Wang and Yang decided to get jobs in the movie industry and they worked together under Hollywood legends such as Stan Winston of Alien fame, seven-time Oscar winner Rick Baker and Dick Smith, the revered “Godfather of Makeup.”
By the late 1980s, the duo had made a name for themselves, with Wang receiving broad recognition for creating the monsters for Predator and Gremlins 2, which was a Steven Spielberg production.
Having worked on the Blade franchise, director Guillermo del Toro approached Wang to work on The Shape of Water, which became an Oscar-winning film, but he had to decline the offer due to a scheduling conflict.
Outside of the US, he has worked on La Belle et la Bete with the French director Christophe Gans, who, unlike Hollywood directors, demanded a creature design that was aesthetically pleasing rather than to inspire fear, Wang said.
Yang designed Anne Hathaway's look as Catwoman in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises.
He came up with the idea of using a pair of flipped up motorcycle goggles to represent her ears, he said.
Yang quoted Nolan as saying, after taking a quick look at his design: “That is what I want.”
Yang is also proud to have worked on the first film in the Iron Man franchise, which was a technically innovative film that set new milestones for the industry, he said.
Recently, the two began doing character designs for video game giant Blizzard Entertainment, with Wang being commissioned to create a statue of the iconic character Arthas the Lich King to mark Blizzard's 25th anniversary in 2016.
Thursday, Sep 21, 2017
Filter Photo is pleased to showcase an exhibition of small prints. Artists were asked to submit works 10 x 10 inches or fewer for this call for work. Juror, Jennifer Keats, Director of The Donut Shop, chose a compelling assortment of small works.
She writes, “If you have been anywhere near social media recently, you may have seen a video by Korean food blogger, miminemini, making teeny tiny Krispy Kreme donuts no larger than the tip of your little finger. It is one example of many that has viewers mesmerized and spellbound by the miniature.
The history of photographic prints and the attitude toward their size has been an ever-changing one. People have much more cognitive over-load than ever before and that can take a toll. In a world in which we are increasingly assaulted with imagery, artworks in small scales allow us a sense of control, a space to retreat, when we are able to fit it into the palm of our hands.
It was my joyful task to invite the 30 artists who created the small and unique works in we like small things, each clearly motivated to create artwork of the highest standards both in its materiality and its meaning.
We are enveloped by the ever-growing cocoon of image saturation. The rare opportunity to encounter thoughtfully made print objects that our bodies can relate to allow us to pause and be visually present with a single image. we like small things showcases a diversity of artists still acknowledging this haptic language of photography”.
0 Trump admin rolls back Obama policy on race consideration for college admissions
WASHINGTON D.C. - The Justice Department announced Tuesday that it was rolling back Obama administration policy that urged colleges to consider race as a factor in student admissions.
The directive effectively restores the standard set by the George W. Bush administration which encouraged educators to abide by practices that were race neutral.
In a statement, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he was rescinding the guidance which he described as "outdated, inconsistent...or otherwise improper."
TRENDING NOW:
“The American people deserve to have their voices heard and a government that is accountable to them," Sessions said. "When issuing regulations, federal agencies must abide by constitutional principles and follow the rules set forth by Congress and the president.''
Sessions' action, which does not have the force of law, follows his November order for a review of policies that could be interpreted as "inconsistent with current law."
"In previous administrations... agencies often tried to impose new rules on the American people without any public notice or comment period, simply by sending a letter or posting a guidance document on a website," Sessions said. "That's wrong, and it's not good government."
The 2011 Obama policy argued that race considerations could help diversify college campuses to "enhance" the learning experience.
"Interacting with students who have different perspectives and life experiences can raise the level of academic and social discourse both inside and outside the classroom," the Obama administration argued. "Indeed, such interaction is an education in itself."
Vanita Gupta, president of the The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, called the Trump administration's action "part of its "agenda of intolerance and discrimination."
"The Trump administration is once again failing in its responsibility for the well-being of all students by tossing aside diversity and inclusion – core American values," said Gupta, who serving as acting chief of the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division during the Obama administration.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Posted by Zac Jackson on February 14, 2017, 6:04 PM EST
The Falcons will hire Bush Hamdan as their new quarterbacks coach, Alex Marvez of The Sporting News reported.
Hamdan had been the wide receivers coach and passing game coordinator at the University of Washington.
The Falcons are remaking much of their offensive staff following the departures of offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan to become head coach of the 49ers and quarterbacks coach Matt LaFleur to become offensive coordinator of the Rams. Shanahan has taken several Falcons assistant to San Francisco.
The Falcons last week hired Steve Sarkisian as their new offensive coordinator.
This will be Hamdan's first NFL coaching job. A former Boise State quarterback, he spent the last two seasons at Washington under his college coach, Chris Petersen, and prior to that held two college offensive coordinator jobs.
A woman who is charged with embezzling more than $200,000 from a Broken Arrow church was booked into the Tulsa County Jail Thursday, February 9, 2017. Candy Jean Tompkins is facing six felony embezzlement charges stemming from her position at Arrow Heights Baptist Church.
Court records show Tompkins had been embezzling funds from the church since at least 2008. Her actions were discovered when the church hired a new company to take over payroll duties.
Pastor Roger Taylor and his office manager told investigators Tompkins used credit cards that were issued to other employees to buy supplies for the church to buy about $100,283 in personal items. Charges included concert tickets, theme park tickets, travel charges and many Amazon purchases.
The charges went unnoticed because Tompkins was responsible for paying the bills, according to an affidavit of probable cause. In addition, police say she paid her personal credit card with the church's money. That amount totaled to over $60,000.
Court documents state Tompkins embezzled tuition paid by parents whose children attending a children's ministry program to the tune of $35,619.
The 47-year-old woman also failed to withhold medical and dental insurance from her salary for several years, totaling $33,414.52, according to an affidavit of probable cause.
When police went to talk to Tompkins, she refused to meet with them. The investigator learned she was working at a roofing firm, but when he called that company, he was told she had been fired because she embezzled over $8,000 from them.
CHEEKTOWAGA, N.Y. (WIVB) — There have been several hit-and-runs in WNY this summer, some of which have left their victims seriously hurt, while others have resulted in fatalities. Multiple cases remain unsolved.
But this weekend's fatal hit-and-run in Cheektowaga is different. Members of law enforcement said Monday, the 36-year-old driver, Paul Hintermeier, is in custody because witnesses saw what happened, and they alerted police.
Hintermeier will be in jail at least until his next hearing — after Cheektowaga police say he sped through a stop sign and hit Damian Garra around midnight Friday.
Damian was 18 and riding his bike. Hintermeier and the teen were neighbors.
“It's frustrating to see somebody causing injury like that and leaving a poor individual on the side of the road with no first aid, no help at all. It's cold,” said Cheektowaga Assistant Chief James Speyer.
Witness accounts allowed police to act quickly.
“In this case, we had witnesses, witnesses that had observed what he had done and were able to point out the vehicle parked in the driveway just down the street from where the accident occurred,” Speyer said.
Speyer says Hintermeier refused a breathalyzer, but failed several field sobriety tests. The results of blood tests will determine his level of intoxication, and, according to Erie County District Attorney John Flynn, the severity of the charges he will face.
“At the very minimum, we're going to have vehicular manslaughter in the second degree,” Flynn said.
Flynn also praised witnesses on the scene.
“In this case, thank God, there were witnesses there who saw it,” Flynn said. “That's why the arrest was made immediately, that's why it was prosecuted immediately.”
And, Speyer hope, that means justice will be swift.
“An 18-year-old, the suspect's 36 years old, so two young families are going to be very very distraught for a long time,” he said. “And it'll probably ruin the rest of their lives. Certainly, in one case it did.”
Flynn said depending on the evidence, Hintermeier could face varying degrees of vehicular manslaughter; the level will depend on whether his blood alcohol level is below or above 0.18. Flynn said if tests show his BAL is above 0.18 and it's determined he drove recklessly — such as running a stop sign and speeding — Hintermeier could face the most serious charge of aggravated vehicular homicide.
MILAN: France right-back Bacary Sagna said Saturday (Feb 3) he was hoping to revive his international career and play in the World Cup as he signed for Serie A underdogs Benevento.
The former Arsenal and Manchester City defender signed a six-month deal with the option for another year with Benevento who sit bottom of the Serie A table in their first ever top-flight campaign.
"When football has become a business more than an actual sport, Benevento represents the heart and soul of what a club should be about," Sagna told Footballfancast.com.
"Passion, heart, hope, joy, love and a philosophy that is aligned to that of my own way of thinking in life."
Sagna, who turns 35 this month, has been without a club since being released by Pep Guardiola's City last summer.
"Bacary Sagna will be available to coach (Roberto) De Zerbi from next week," the side from Naples said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sagna joined Arsenal from Auxerre in 2007 and established himself as one of the best right-backs in the Premier League.
He won the FA Cup in his final season with the Gunners in 2014, before moving to City where he won the League Cup in 2016.
He played 65 times for France between 2007 and 2016, and revealed he still hopes to make the team for the World Cup finals in Russia.
"My move may surprise many, but I am one hundred percent sure, that I am joining the right club, for the right reasons," he explained.
"I still believe I can make the World Cup Finals this summer and play again for France," explained Sagna.
"I have always been proud to play for my country and the burning ambition to continue to do that has never left me.
"I will give it my best shot to be in Russia."
"BEAUTIFUL STORY"
Promoted Benevento - with just seven points from 22 games - host leaders Napoli, who are on 57, on Sunday before travelling to Roma next week.
The club with a witch on its crest set a record for the worst start to a season in the top five European leagues losing their first 14 games, before snatching their first point against AC Milan when goalkeeper Alberto Brignoli scored a last-gasp equaliser.
Sagna revealed that he had "substantial offers" from clubs in the top leagues in England, France, Spain, Turkey, the MLS and elsewhere in Italy.
"Going to Benevento is not a move I am making for financial reasons," he explained.
"Benevento offers me is the opportunity to represent the underdog and to play for a club whose story is such a beautiful one.
"I still believe I have two or three years of playing football at a very good level.
"I have always kept myself in very good shape and I live a healthy lifestyle, so the fitness side of the game will not be an issue to me."
"For right now, I am coming to Benevento to fight for the club, to fight for the fans."
Resisting Arrest: Poems to Stretch the Sky, published by Durham's Jacar Press last spring, begins with two epigraphs. The first, "Writing is fighting," comes from Ishmael Reed, who is included in the anthology. It establishes the book's contested terrain as that of racial justice in America. The second, from Brecht, is, "You can't write poems about the trees when the woods are full of policemen." It echoes Adorno's famous but unheeded words. We kept writing poetry after Auschwitz.
Now we find ourselves in another historical moment when beauty alone seems insufficient at best, grotesque at worst as a response to various human crises, including the epidemic of police violence against people of color. The risk for poets, to continue Brecht's analogy, is of missing the cops for the forest.
But Resisting Arrest sees differently. It contains contributions from a wide range of writers, from accomplished North Carolinians like Metta Sáma, Jaki Shelton Green, and Howard Craft to Pulitzer or National Book Award winners such as Rita Dove and Yusef Komunyakaa. All their voices stream together in a democratic chorus with no hierarchical section breaks, resolutely focused on police brutality. Nobody involved, from the contributors to the publisher, is making a dime. At reading events like the one at Letters Bookshop next Wednesday, anyone is invited to read a poem from the anthology. The tacit argument is that if we're to continue writing poetry during our own slow, ongoing American genocide, the line between art being about social justice and art being involved must shift.
Tony Medina, a creative writing professor at Howard University who has been involved in a gargantuan number of book projects, edited Resisting Arrest. His introductory essay, "Call Their Names," comes directly to the point.
"The rate at which black and brown—and even white—people killed by police are packing American morgues is breathtaking," it begins. "The rotting stench of such outlandish policing is enough to lead mobs of people to their local jailhouses and police precincts demanding justice lest they turn over each façade brick by brick." Then Medina unfurls a funerary shroud of stories—Sarah Lee Circle Bear, Sandra Bland, Troy Goode, Tamir Rice, Andy Lopez, Walter Scott, Gilbert Flores, on and on—wound together by concise treatments of Black Lives Matter, the prison pipeline, and the normalization of police violence.
Another layer of the Brecht epigraph is revealed in Medina's growing sense of dark absurdity, which comes out when he touches on Durham's Jesus Huerta: "The narratives are becoming more Kafkaesque and absurd: handcuffed in the back of a patrol car, he grabbed the officer's gun and shot himself dead in his chest." The persuasive critique goes on for 2,500 words; poetry doesn't come up until the very end. It's clear in its intent to be a call to action, not an aesthetic object. Guernica, Medina signs off.
The poems, like the essay, teem with actual names, dates, people, and places. Urgency shines out in the emergency-broadcast quality of their titles: Camille Rankine's "Survival Guide for Animals Born in Captivity," Sáma's "How to Not Get Killed by the NYPD," and Medina's "#IfIDieinPoliceCustody," which asks us to know that "Regardless of my hands/ Cuffed behind my back/ That I preferred my blood/ Inside my body instead[.]"
As Medina drew upon his vast network of contacts to gather poems for the anthology, he found people not only eager to contribute but also to suggest others, which caused the book to swell to nearly two hundred pages.
"They wanted to be a part of something that was dealing with this major crisis in the country," Medina says by phone from Washington, D.C. "They gladly gave me the work." Contributors were paid in a copy of the book. All proceeds go to the Urban League's Whitney M. Young Social Justice Scholarship, which supports students in the D.C. metro area who are pursuing a field in social justice or police reform. Medina expects to hand over the first check, for at least fifteen hundred dollars, in August.
When I first came across Resisting Arrest last year, I wondered then what you're probably wondering now: How did such an ambitious anthology, curated by an influential Howard professor, wind up on a small independent press in Durham?
The answer lies in Medina's chance meeting with Richard Krawiec and the unique nature of his Jacar Press—the result of his long experience in writing and activism.
Los Angeles Police Department officers James Nichols and Luis Valenzuela pleaded no contest to sexually assaulting four women on Monday, according to the L.A. County District Attorney's Office. The officers have each been sentenced to 25 years in prison.
Nichols, 46, and Valenzuela, 45, pleaded no contest to two counts each of forcible rape and forcible oral copulation.
"After becoming partners, the two officers sexually assaulted women at various locations between 2008 and 2011," according to a news release from the DA's Office. "All four women, who ranged in age from 19 to 34, were involved in narcotics-related investigations with the officers when they were assaulted."
Nichols and Valenzuela must also both register as sex offenders.
0 9 ways to pay for college without student loans
Student loan debt in the U.S. has reached nearly $1.5 trillion — including both federal and private student loans.
It's no secret that college isn't cheap — and the price of education is continuing to increase year after year.
Federal student loans can be a great way for students to get help to pay for school, but they don't always cover the entire cost, and depending on the college, students are graduating with tens of thousands of dollars in debt — with no hope of paying it off anytime soon.
Turning to private loans is even worse — as they typically come with much higher interest rates, fees for late payments and other concerning features that make them less favorable to federal loans.
So what's the alternative? With a little research and extra hard work, there are ways you can pay your tuition bills without getting buried in student loan debt. It may make life a little more complicated at times, but for many people, that can be a much better choice than getting stuck with debt for decades.
Ways to pay for college without student loans
1. Scholarships
There are tons of scholarship opportunities out there based on a variety of qualifications — academics, athletics, cultural and community experiences, background, location, desired major or area of study, accomplishments. If you get creative, you'll find a lot of options available out there. For example, football scholarships aren't just for football players, but some schools offer them to other members of the team like equipment managers.
High schools typically have resources for students to help them find scholarships they may be able to qualify for. Plus, there are tons of resources available on the Internet. Here are a few options:
Collegeboard.org is not only for college planning — it also has an arm that focuses on scholarships called Big Future.There is a huge database of scholarships on the website, so it is critical to fill out as many details as you can in the profile that is used for searching.
Fastweb.com is another great tool. Again, you need to create a profile in order to find the most accurate matches. You can then also see all the scholarships you applied for, or may want to apply to in the future. They also have ‘contests' that you can enter monthly or weekly to win money.
Niche.com (formerly College Prowler) can help you find colleges, as well as money. You have options to pick from what types of awards you're looking for. This site also has some contests to enter.
Moolahspot.com is not as robust, but does offer another choice. In the search for college funds, the more places you look, the better chance you have to get some extra dollars for your higher education.
Click here for more ways to find college scholarships
2. Choose the right school
The cost of college can vary a lot depending on the school. Choosing a school that's better for your budget can save you a lot of money in the long run, so it's important to do a little research. Find out what kind of financial aid different schools offer, as some provide aid based on need, some offer free tuition based on academics, and others are free altogether.
Public schools are typically cheaper than private colleges, and qualifying for in-state tuition at a state school can save you a lot. Plus, there are now ways to qualify for in-state tuition at an out-of-state school — usually by choosing a certain area of study. Here's more on how to do that.
3. Go to community school first
Clark Howard is a big fan of the idea of starting out at a two-year community college and then transferring to a state or other bigger four-year school where you plan to graduate from. And when you think about it, have you ever heard an employer ask where you started school?
You may not get the same sense of campus life when you go to a community college — like you would at a big public university — but you will get an education in what's usually a more student-oriented environment than at a traditional college. Then after two years, you can transfer to a traditional school and end up with only two years to pay for — instead of four.
RELATED: New ways to pay down student loan debt
4. Go with honors
There's a new program that takes this route a step further. AmericanHonors.org will guarantee your admission to big name schools if you do the required coursework and maintain your grade point average.
The cost to go the American Honors route is about $3,000 a semester in tuition and fees. And while that is a bit more than community college, having that added layer of a big name school guaranteeing your admission down the road is pretty nice.
5. Work study
Student employment through the university is a great way to help you fund your college expenses. The Federal Work-Study program offers job opportunities to full-time and part-time students at thousands of schools across the country as a way to help finance their education. The jobs offered may also fit with your particular area of study, giving you some extra experience. When you fill out for FAFSA, make sure to check the box that indicates you're interested in student employment.
RELATED: Clark's Student Loan Guide
6. Employer reimbursement programs
I love Clark Howard's story of how he got a job with IBM as a bill collector, because he knew they would help pay for his master's degree. He had to pay for his books and maintain a B average, or he wouldn't get the reimbursement. So he worked his tail off and had the cost of his tuition covered for his master's in business management!
Today, there are tons of different employers offering similar options. Chipotle, Starbucks and Chrysler have all announced expansions of, or additions to, their tuition reimbursement programs in recent years.
Starbucks will pay half your tuition for the freshman and sophomore years. If you make it to junior year, they then offer full tuition reimbursement for both junior and senior year. To qualify, Starbucks employees are only required to work a minimum of 20 hours a week; there is no minimum length of service time required to qualify. Perhaps best of all, there is no handcuff requiring you to stay with the corporation after graduation.
In May of 2018, Walmart announced that it will begin subsidizing college tuition for its 1.4 million employees in the U.S. Full- and part-time employees can enroll in courses in business or supply chain management either on campus or online at one of three universities: The University of Florida, Brandman University in Irvine, California, or Bellevue University in Bellevue, Nebraska. Employees are required to pay only $1 per day toward the cost of classes and are not obligated to work for the company after they obtain their degrees.
7. Grants
Grants are typically reserved for students who demonstrate a certain amount of financial need. They're offered by state and federal governments, as well as by private organizations and universities. Some are geared toward certain groups of students — such as those with a specific area of study or a unique trait like being a first-generation college student.
In order to apply for federal grants, you need to fill out the FAFSA. And do a little research to find out about other options that might be available to you.
8. Work during school
Working on the side throughout school can be a great way to cover at least some of your expenses. It's important to balance working with your academics, so if you're someone who can make both work, then go for it! Check out local community websites and job boards for opportunities in the area.
And for some more ideas, here's a list of 30 ways to make extra cash!
9. Look at directional schools
In many states, you have a flagship state university and then you have ‘directional schools.' A directional school is simply any school with a description of where it is geographically located in the name, like Central Michigan University, where Clark got his master's degree. These kinds of schools tend to devote more of their money to classroom teaching, rather than to faculty research. They have higher efficiency and lower tuition.
So if you look at a directional school, you may save a substantial amount of money on education.
More resources:
Clark.com
A U.S. judge blocked California from requiring that the popular weed-killer Roundup carry a label stating that it is known to cause cancer, saying the warning is misleading because almost all regulators have concluded there is no evidence that the product's main ingredient is a carcinogen.
U.S. District Judge William Shubb in Sacramento issued a preliminary injunction on Monday in a lawsuit challenging the state's decision last year to list glyphosate as a chemical known to cause cancer.
The listing triggered the warning label requirement for Roundup that was set to go into effect in July.
Glyphosate is not restricted by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and has been widely used since 1974 to kill weeds while leaving crops and other plants alive.
The International Agency for Research on Cancer, based in Lyon, France, has classified the chemical as a "probable human carcinogen." That prompted the California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment to add glyphosate to its cancer list.
Shubb said a "reasonable consumer would not understand that a substance is 'known to cause cancer' where only one health organization had found that the substance in question causes cancer."
"On the evidence before the court, the required warning for glyphosate does not appear to be factually accurate and uncontroversial because it conveys the message that glyphosate's carcinogenicity is an undisputed fact," he said.
Sam Delson, a spokesman for the state's office of environmental health hazard assessment, noted that the judge did not block the state from putting glyphosate on its cancer list, but only from requiring the warning label.
"We are pleased that the listing of glyphosate remains in effect, and we believe our actions were lawful," he said.
He said the office had not decided yet whether to appeal the ruling on Monday.
The ruling came in a lawsuit filed by the national wheat and corn growers associations, state agriculture and business organizations in Iowa, Missouri, North Dakota and South Dakota, and a regional group representing herbicide sellers in California, Arizona and Hawaii. The plaintiffs also include St. Louis-based Monsanto Co., which makes Roundup.
"Every regulatory body in the world that has reviewed glyphosate has found it safe for use, and no available product matches glyphosate with a comparable health and environmental safety profile," Chandler Goule, CEO of the National Association of Wheat Growers, said in a statement.
The lawsuit will continue with Shubb's injunction in place.
This story has been updated.
How do fix charging problems with your IPhone? Try cleaning the Lightning in 30-pin Dock connector port!
There are a number of reasons why your iPhone might be having issues with charging. We've got a comprehensive guide to how to troubleshoot charging problems. You might have a bad cable or need to restore your software. You might even need to replace your charging port. Sometimes, though, the only problem with your charging port is that it is hella dirty.
My experience: My significant other was having trouble getting his iPhone to charge properly. It would charge or uncharge randomly, and sometimes not at all. After determining that the issue was not a faulty cable. We went straight for the cleaning supplies.
His port was really packed with pocket lint. It had gathered dirt and debris over time, and he would push it against the back of the port every time he plugged in his charging cable. Eventually, there was a small wall of dirt that kept the charging cable from properly engaging with the pins inside the port. Hence, the charging issues.
Lesson learned: Before you spend a lot of time and money troubleshooting hardware or software charging issues, try cleaning the lint and gunk out of your port. There's a chance that you have everything you need right at home to clean it out.
What you need
You might think that a quick shot with compressed air will do the trick. Maybe, especially if you've only got a light bit of dust in your charging port, but sometimes, cramming your Lightning (or 30-pin) cable into the port mashes the gunk in there so much that a spurt of air just doesn't do the trick. Plus, Apple recommends not using compressed air when cleaning your iPhone, so it's better to avoid the stuff altogether.
Luckily, the things you need to clean out your iPhone's charging port can probably be found lying around the house.
Flashlight - You'll need really good lighting to be able to see whether you've cleaned out the port enough. Even with a flashlight, it is still difficult to see into that tiny hole, but it helps. I used the flashlight feature on another iPhone since the light is bright and narrowly focused. It worked great.
Toothpicks - This is going to be your main cleaning tool. You'll need a couple incase you break one. Some people will tell you to use a paper clip or straight pin. I do not recommend shoving anything that hard or sharp into the charging port. Remember, there are little electronic pins in there. You don't want to scratch or otherwise damage them. A toothpick is more malleable, and so less likely to cause damage. Ideally, you should use the round tipped toothpicks because there is zero sharpness in those.
Cotton (optional) - It's not a bad idea to have the tiniest bit of cotton on the tip of your toothpick to help cushion the cleaning process. Keep in mind, however, that you may need to actively scrape that port, and too much cotton will be unhelpful in such a case.
Patience - If you're lucky, you'll have all the grime, lint, and gunk cleaned out of your iPhone's charging port with just a couple of quick swipes. But, if you're at the point where your iPhone isn't even charging properly anymore, it's probably pretty mucked up and you're going to have to spend some time and elbow grease cleaning it out.
The cleaning
At first glance, you might not be able to see the built-up dirt in your port. Even with a flashlight it can be difficult to see into that tiny chasm. The key is in poking and scraping very lightly, until you've dislodged some dirt. Things get easier after that.
Power off your iPhone. If you're using cotton, place a toothpick on the cotton and twist until it catches and starts to wrap around the toothpick (Only use a small amount). Holding your iPhone so the backside is facing up, place the toothpick inside the charging port. Scrape against the back wall of the port. This will take a lot of poking and scraping. Continue to do this until the debris starts to come loose. You'll see a bit of gunk come out on the toothpick. Sometimes, you may need to carefully scrape the sides of the port, too. Debris can get lodged behind the spring-loaded anchors. Be careful not to damage the anchors. Repeat step four until you're not pulling out any more debris.
You might have to blow into the port in-between scrapings in order to get some of the loose lint and dirt out of the way.
When you think you've cleaned the port out, connect your iPhone to the charging cable again and see if it worked. If not, repeat the steps above until it works, or until you've determined that the problem is not a dirty port, at which point, you can run through the troubleshooting steps.
Any questions?
Do you have any questions about how to clean out your iPhone's charging port? Put them in the comments and we'll help you out.
Mystic Aquarium's Tropical Sunsation is warming up vacation week Feb 18 - 26! Paradise awaits with a staycation including live music, hula lessons, a beach party, colorful crafts and more. Warm up to countless tropical animals and drift away to the soothing sounds of live steel drum performances. Dance to the beat with professional hula dancers then snap a SCUBA selfie by the Coral Reef exhibit. With sun-sational entertainment, exotic discoveries and a delightful Aquarium oasis, enjoy all the luxuries of a tropical vacation in the comfort of your own back yard. Visit MysticAquarium.org to learn more.
Free for Aquarium members or with admission
Posted by Mike Florio on June 14, 2017, 8:13 PM EDT
Officially, running back Adrian Peterson is the backup to running back Mark Ingram in New Orleans. Unofficially, Adrian Peterson is still Adrian Peterson and if he can be Adrian Peterson again, well, we have a feeling as to how it will play out.
For now, Peterson is shying away from the notion that he and Ingram are competing for touches.
“I really think it's too early to say all that but, right now we're competing to push each other and to get better,” Peterson told reporters on Wednesday. “When we step on that field and we get our opportunities then we're able to execute and take advantage of those opportunities.”
Peterson readily admits that he accepted a spot on the team with the express understanding that he'll have a different role than he's had in the past. Still, it's easy to read his words as leaving the door open for something more than a defined niche in the New Orleans offense.
“It's different,” Peterson said. “I've been that guy for 10 years. I came into this situation with open arms. Everything was laid out to me as well and I made a decision to be a part of it. So I'm looking forward to seeing how things work out.”
In other words (possibly), they told him he'll be a supporting member of the cast, but maybe they'll change their mind when they see what he can do. For example, he thinks he can catch the ball despite the narrative that he can't.
“[T]hey didn't use me that way,” Peterson said of his time with the Vikings. “It's always funny to me because I've been playing this game since I was seven and a lot people say I can't catch the ball but I've been playing this game since I was seven, so I can catch a football. You kind of look back at the two years I played with [Brett] Favre, those were my best years as far as receiving yards. I had like 400 one year and 300-plus the other year. It's all about having a guy that's going to get the ball to you and, without a doubt, I know [Drew] Brees will. We'll be doing that.”
He's right. In 2009, Peterson had 43 catches for 436 yards. In 2010, he had 36 for 341. And in the first game of his career a decade ago, he supplemented 103 rushing yards with a 60-yard catch and run for a touchdown against the Falcons — and the Vikings knew they had something special.
Peterson possibly hopes the Saints have the same epiphany when the regular season begins in Minnesota, with Peterson returning close to the site of what he will have done 10 years and two days earlier in the Metrodome.
Telugu Samayam has updated its Privacy and Cookie policy. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the better experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Telugu Samayam website. However, you can change your cookie setting at any time by clicking on our Cookie Policy link at any time. You can also see our Privacy Policy
Share:
QUETTA - Balochistan High Court has upheld Appellate Tribunal's decision to disqualify PTI's Provincial President Sardar Yar Muhammad Rind from contesting 2018 general election.
Balochistan High Court (BHC) continued hearing pleas against appellate tribunal's decisions on Tuesday also.
A two-member bench of BHC comprising Justice Naeem Akhtar Afghan and Justice Nazir Lango announced verdict of the three reserved cases on Tuesday.
The BHC also disqualified JUI-F's candidate Behram Khan Achakzai and Balochistan Awami Party's representative Mir Faiq Khan Jamali from contesting the upcoming general elections.
NAB REFERENCE AGAINST E&T EX-DG
NAB Balochistan has filed a reference against former DG Excise and Taxation Dr Mohammad Qasim Baloch and former AETO Abdul Bashir Baloch on the allegation of misuse of authority and embezzlement of Rs 15 million.
It has been learnt that Dr Qasim Baloch, former DG E&T, illegally posted Abdul Bashir ex-AETO as ETO Non Commercial who registered approximately 800 non-custom paid vehicles and obtained illegal gratification in return.
The illegal acts of both the accused caused loss of Rs 15 million to the national exchequer.
NAB has filed reference in the accountability court while the assets and bank accounts of the accused are also being checked by the NAB investigating team. Further probe is underway.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. District Court judge told President Donald Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort on Monday to stop communicating with the media in ways that might affect the outcome of his trial but she agreed to consider a proposal to ease his bail restrictions. Paul Manafort, campaign manager to Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump, escapes a mob of reporters asking about the Republican National Convention Committee on Rules in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. July 14, 2016. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/FilesU.S. District Court Judge Amy Berman Jackson said she would take under advisement Manafort's proposal to have his house arrest lifted in exchange for accepting four of his properties as collateral. She also ordered Manafort, who is under a gag order, to stop communicating with the press in ways that might affect the outcome of his case after he helped ghost write an opinion piece that was published in an Ukrainian newspaper.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
SINGAPORE: Four Singaporean men were on Friday (Oct 6) convicted of raping two women in Taiwan but they will not have to serve time behind bars, according to Taiwan news reports.
Focus Taiwan reported that Lau Wei Seng was sentenced to a term of one year and eleven months, suspended for five years, Bryan Ong Kun Jun got one year and ten months, suspended for five years, Tan Juan Yin got one year and nine months, suspended for four years and Lim Wei Xuan got one year and eight months, suspended for four years.
During the suspended period, they will stay in Taiwan under supervised probation.
The suspended sentences were handed down because all four reached settlements and paid compensation to their victims, according to the report.
All four men were 23 when they committed the offences last year. Believed to be students on holiday, the men met the two local women and invited them back to where they were staying, before getting them drunk and raping them.
They then tried to leave Taiwan on Dec 13 but were arrested before they could do so.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to the Central News Agency, the Taiwan Shihlin District Court said in a press release that the victims had forgiven the defendants and pleaded for leniency on their behalf.
The court also noted that the four were undergraduates and said they had been already "taught a tough lesson" as they had been detained for more than eight months after they were arrested and were unable to return to Singapore or continue their studies.
Prison would hinder their rehabilitation and result in social costs, Central News Agency cited the court as saying.
SINGAPORE: CapitaLand, Southeast Asia's largest property developer, said on Wednesday (Feb 15) its fourth-quarter net profit surged 73.8 per cent, on the back of higher fair value gains and lower impairments.
Net profit for the three months ending December came in at S$430.5 million, 73.8 per cent higher compared to the same period a year ago.
Revenue for the quarter rose 6.5 per cent to S$1.85 billion, mainly due to the handover of development projects in China and rental income from its serviced residence business, the company said.
Net profit for the whole of 2016 came in at S$1.19 billion, an increase of 11.7 per cent from the previous year.
CapitaLand chairman Ng Kee Choe said the company faces "an uncertain and unpredictable operating environment and economic headwinds" in Singapore and China, its core markets.
In China, CapitaLand has more than 8,000 units ready for launch and expects to hand over 6,000 of them to buyers this year, president and group CEO Lim Ming Yan said. It will also complete 1 million sq m of retail gross floor area, comprising five shopping malls and the retail components of three Raffles City developments in China.
CapitaLand's board has proposed a dividend of S$0.10 a share for 2016.
SHANGHAI: A Chinese technology firm embroiled in a patent dispute with US chip giant Micron said Wednesday (Jul 4) that a court had ruled in its favour and ordered an immediate halt of several Micron products in China.
According to the state-owned Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Co, a court in the southeastern city of Fuzhou has ruled that Micron must stop sales of more than a dozen solid-state drives, memory sticks and chips.
Advertisement
The court ruling was not immediately available.
A Taiwanese partner of Jinhua, United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC), issued a similar statement, saying the court had issued a preliminary injunction against 26 Micron products.
The case comes amid increasing trade friction between the world's top two economies, with billions of dollars in fresh trade tariffs due to come into force on Friday.
Earlier this week, US authorities blocked a seven-year application from China Mobile to enter the domestic market, citing national security concerns.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Micron is the world's fourth-biggest semiconductor supplier by sales revenue following South Korean firms Samsung and SK Hynix and US chip giant Intel.
More than half of its net sales come from China, the Idaho-based firm said in its 2017 earnings report.
It said in June the case could "have a material adverse effect" on its business, requiring changes to its China operation.
China established Jinhua in February 2016 in a bid to make its own home-produced chips, with the firm investing 37 billion yuan that year to build a production line with technology support from UMC.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Jinhua said Micron's "unbridled behaviour" had caused "irreparable damage" to the firm and it will keep monitoring any other products that used Micron's chips.
Semiconductors are among China's biggest imports, rivalling oil, and have become a stark reminder of its dependence on US technology.
Earlier this year, Washington banned Chinese telecom and smartphone giant ZTE from purchasing crucial US components for seven years, threatening its survival, as punishment for breaking US export controls.
In a politically charged settlement reached last month, Washington then temporarily allowed ZTE to resume some activities while it works to meet conditions set by US officials.
Big news for people living outside of Bucerias and Vallarta: Intercam Banco's fourth branch will open in Sayulita next week. What a boon this will be for folks and businesses out of town. It's the very first bank outside of Bucerias EVER! It speaks well of Intercam to go where they're sorely needed. They are all about great service and their new space is air-conditioned, located on the brand-new road into Sayulita. All of us at the Tribune wish them every success.
The director of Intercam, Jason Lavender, has been a friend for about 15 years; his mother Jan and I go way further back than that. It was delightful to see her at the invitation-only opening and I was touched (and I know she was, too) when Jason announced that it was all because of her that he and his bank are in Vallarta and now Sayulita. Jan Lavender is one of Vallarta's Grandes Dames having opened Galeria Uno – Vallarta's first art gallery, decades ago – and still going strong. The food and beverages flowed at the Grand Opening – gourmet pizzas and barbequed burger sliders fed a huge crowd of well-wishers. A delightful party all around; thanks for having me!
I just caught a glance at Incanto's burgeoning line-up of stars coming this season: Well Strung, Bohemia Viva; and returning Jackie Bristow and Duende. That's just a bit of a teaser. Keep your eyes here for more events. Incanto will be open again by the time you read this!
With that, I am done, From Here.
Getty Images
The Eagles will be without defensive tackle Fletcher Cox, and perhaps without a key part of their rushing game.
Via Dave Zangaro of NBC Sports Philadelphia, Cox has already been ruled out for this week's game against the Cardinals because of a calf injury. It will be the second straight week he's out.
“He's good,” Eagles coach Doug Pederson said. “He's right on track where he needs to be. It's Week Five and we have a lot of football left. And he's progressing nicely. We got to just be careful.”
And while running back Wendell Smallwood is listed as questionable, some questionables are more questionable than others. He hasn't practiced this week because of a knee injury, though Pederson said he'd be a game-time decision.
If he can't play, they're down to LeGarrette Blount, Corey Clement and the just-signed Kenjon Barner.
PBA: SMB raps Elite, gains quarters
1 SHARES Share Tweet
by Jonas Terrado
Games Tomorrow (Cuneta Astrodome)
4:30 p.m. – Alaska vs Phoenix
7 p.m. – GlobalPort vs Ginebra
The defending champion San Miguel Beermen bucked a slow start behind the hot shooting of Marcio Lassiter to cruise past Blackwater Elite, 115-106, and clinch a quarterfinals berth in the PBA Commissioner's Cup at the Mall of Asia Arena.
Lassiter scored 15 of his 18 points in the first half as the Beermen erased an 11-0 deficit at the start before building a commanding lead on their way to becoming the first team to qualify for the quarterfinals of the midseason conference.
San Miguel improved to 6-4 but no longer has a chance at secure a twice-to-beat advantage even if it ends up in a four-way tie for second at 7-4 with Alaska, TNT KaTropa and Meralco due to an inferior quotient.
Alaska and TNT currently share second place at 7-3 while Meralco ended its elims campaign at 7-4.
“We had a slow start but I think the players were determined to formalize our entry to the quarterfinals,” said Beermen coach Leo Austria.
The Beermen close their elims campaign at the Smart Araneta Coliseum on Saturday against the Magnolia Hotshots Pambansang Manok.
SMB needs a victory to secure a best-of-three series and avoid falling to a predicament of having to erase a twice-to-beat disadvantage if it finishes seventh or eighth.
Arwind Santos topscored with 23 points while grabbing 15 rebounds, Kelly Nabong made 13 points.
SAN MIGUEL 115 – Santos 23, Lassiter 18, Nabong 13, Balkman 12, Cabagnot 12, Fajardo 10, Heruela 10, Ross 7, Pessumal 6, Mamaril 2, Vigil 2, Rosser 0.
BLACKWATER 106 – Walker 26, Digregorio 19, Pinto 13, Zamar 11, Banal 11, Al-Hussaini 10, Jose 6, Sena 4, Javier 2, Palma 2, Cortez 2, Maliksi 0.
Quarters: 28-34; 57-49; 84-70; 115-106.
Second Game
Magnolia 116 – Chism 27, Lee 21, Barroca 15, Ramos 11, Jalalon 10, Brondial 10, Sangalang 9, Mendoza 5, Melton 3, Reavis 2, Dela Rosa 2, Herndon 1, Simon 0, Abundo 0.
NLEX 89 – Ashaolu 31, Tallo 19, Buenafe 12, Quinahan 9, Ighalo 6, Soyud 6, Uyloan 3, Tiongson 2, Baguio 1, Marcelo 0, Monfort 0, Rios 0, Gotladera 0.
Quarters: 34-18, 54-40, 85-77, 116-89.
Related
comments
WARSAW: Polish Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki was sworn in by President Andrzej Duda as the country's new prime minister on Monday, replacing Beata Szydlo, who became a Deputy Prime minister.
The ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party sacked the popular Szydlo last week in a bid to improve Poland's image abroad and prepare the conservatives for a series of upcoming elections.
(Reporting by Marcin Goclowski and Justyna Pawlak, writing by Lidia Kelly, editing by Larry King)
Verizon is expanding its deal with the NFL so even people using other mobile carriers can watch games on the Yahoo Sports mobile app, the league announced Monday.
Verizon has been the exclusive mobile carrier of NFL games since 2010. The new deal, which runs through the 2022-23 season, will make the games available to users of other carriers using Verizon's Yahoo platform. Verizon completed its $4.5-billion acquisition of Yahoo in June.
Starting with the 2018 postseason, Yahoo users will get the nationally broadcast NFL games offered Thursday, Sunday and Monday nights, as well as their local market games.
Verizon will nearly double its rights fee to the NFL to $400 million to $500 million per year, an indication that demand for the league's content is still robust despite declining TV ratings and bad publicity due to controversies over brain injuries and players' protests of the national anthem before games.
Verizon was in the last year of its current NFL deal, which cost the carrier about $250 million per year and made the games available only to its mobile customers.
Although traditional TV ratings for NFL games are in decline for a second straight year, streaming of the games by younger viewers has been on the rise. Younger viewers increasingly depend on digital devices for video content.
“We're making a commitment to fans for Verizon's family of media properties to become the mobile destination for live sports,” Lowell McAdam, chairman and chief executive of Verizon Communications, said in a statement. “The NFL is a great partner for us and we are excited to take its premier content across a massive mobile scale so viewers can enjoy live football and other original NFL content where and how they want it.”
Verizon's deal is a taste of the kind of competition the TV networks and ESPN will have when their current deals with the NFL are up for renewal in 2022.
Amazon is currently the nonexclusive streaming outlet for “NFL Thursday Night Football.” The online giant paid $50 million for the rights, a fivefold increase over what Twitter shelled out the previous year.
CAPTION Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp talk about the top contenders of the awards season, including "Call Me by Your Name" and "The Florida Project." Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp talk about the top contenders of the awards season, including "Call Me by Your Name" and "The Florida Project." CAPTION Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp talk about the top contenders of the awards season, including "Call Me by Your Name" and "The Florida Project." Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp talk about the top contenders of the awards season, including "Call Me by Your Name" and "The Florida Project." CAPTION Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp on what critics award mean for the Oscars, factoring in the academy's expanding membership. Justin Chang and Glenn Whipp on what critics award mean for the Oscars, factoring in the academy's expanding membership. CAPTION Two men return home from World War II to work on a farm, where they struggle to deal with racism and adjusting to life after war in "Mudbound." Video by Jason H. Neubert Two men return home from World War II to work on a farm, where they struggle to deal with racism and adjusting to life after war in "Mudbound." Video by Jason H. Neubert CAPTION It's quite the challenge trying to interview the energetic child stars of "The Florida Project." It's quite the challenge trying to interview the energetic child stars of "The Florida Project." CAPTION Director Dee Rees talks about casting Mary J. Blige, Carey Mulligan and Jason Mitchell for her film "Mudbound." After loving Mitchell's performance in "Straight Outta Compton," Rees said, "I'd be so lucky to get him in my film." Director Dee Rees talks about casting Mary J. Blige, Carey Mulligan and Jason Mitchell for her film "Mudbound." After loving Mitchell's performance in "Straight Outta Compton," Rees said, "I'd be so lucky to get him in my film."
stephen.battaglio@latimes.com
Twitter: @SteveBattaglio
How Satyajit Ray made one of the greatest documentaries on the life and work of Rabindranath Tagore
Editor's note: In a prolific career spanning nearly four decades, Satyajit Ray directed 36 films, including feature films, documentaries and shorts. His films have received worldwide critical acclaim and won him several awards, honours and recognition — both in India and elsewhere. In this column starting 25 June 2017, we discuss and dissect the films of Satyajit Ray (whose 96th birth anniversary was in May 2017), in a bid to understand what really makes him one of the greatest filmmakers of the 20th century.
Rabindranath Tagore's work and philosophy has had a strong influence on Satyajit Ray's life and work. Ray made as many as five films based on the short stories, novellas and novels written by Tagore — that's the most number of times he has ever adapted any one writer's work.
It was at Tagore's Shantiniketan that Ray learnt how to draw and paint. In later years, Ray's drawings, sketches, illustrations and designs have inspired thousands of artists and art enthusiasts all over the world. Like Tagore, Ray's own music has been deeply inspired by elements of both Western Classical and raag-based Indian Classical music. Ray's own philosophy — on matters such as religion, science, social structure, education, revolution, civilisation and humanity — has had vivid reflections of Tagore's way of thinking.
Although he never spoke about it in as many words, it would perhaps be safe to assume that Satyajit Ray's mind was ignited by the fire that Rabindranath Tagore had stoked. It was fitting, then, that in 1961, on the occasion of the birth centenary of Tagore, Ray was asked to make a documentary on the life and teachings of Tagore. In his biography titled Satyajit Ray: The Inner Eye by Andrew Rabinson, Ray has said about the film that ‘ten or twelve minutes of it are among the most moving and powerful things that I have produced'.
The 52-minute film begins with an astonishingly large congregation of mourners flocking the streets of (then) Calcutta, trying to catch one last glimpse of Tagore's corpse being taken through a funeral procession. Satyajit Ray's narration states how, despite the poet's mortal remains having perished, he had left behind him a heritage of words, music and poetry — of ideas and ideals — and how it had the power to move us and to inspire us... now, and for days to come. The film then briefly talks about the city of Kolkata, where Tagore was born, quickly moving on to describe a genealogical table that detailed Tagore's lineage, going all the way back to the 8th century, when a group of learned Brahmins had migrated from Kanauj to settle down in Bengal. It is in this family tree that young ‘Rabi', as he was fondly called, was born.
The film then talks about Rabi's childhood, and how he was deeply influenced by the teachings and traditions of the father of Indian Renaissance — Raja Ram Mohan Roy — a tradition that his father Maharshi Debendranath Tagore had imbibed and passed on to his children. Young Rabi was a thinking child, a dreamer, and was never quite able to adjust to the formal environment of a classroom. After he had moved from one school to another over several years and hated them all, it was finally decided that Rabi would be schooled at home.
The film then goes on to describe his travels with his father, the publication of his fist book of verse at the age of 13, his journey to London at the age of 17, and his voluntary abandoning of higher studies at the University of London. With a mind keen to explore the arts and the written word, Rabindranath continued to be fascinated by Western classical music, and world literature, but he refused to remain confined within the walls of a classroom. At the age of 22, after his marriage, Rabindranath was asked by his father to take over the reins of the family estate, for which, he had to go and live in the heart of rural Bengal, right on the banks of the river Padma. It was the influence of his contact with nature and with the poor peasants of his estate that we see in his later works. It was almost as if a whole new world had opened up to him, a world far removed from the abundances of the western world, and yet, in many ways, similar.
Worried about the education of his children and plagued with the nightmarish experiences of his own schooling endeavours in his childhood, Rabindranath decided to set up an experimental school in a property named Shantiniketan, which his father had acquired a few years ago. It was to be a school set up in the lines of Upanishadic education, like the forest hermitages of classical India. In order to arrange the money to set up the school, Rabindranath had to sell, among other things, the copyright of his books. His wife pitched in by selling some of her wedding ornaments.
In the years that followed, Rabindranath participated in a series of protests against the political upheavals that ran through the province of Bengal. In a bid to crush the possibilities of a united front against the British government, Lord Curzon had decided to divide the state of Bengal into two — each with its own religious majority. But in doing so, he severely underestimated the nationalist sentiments of the people of Bengal, who rose in peaceful protest — singing the soul-stirring songs of revolution written by Rabindranath himself. Tagore participated in these processions in person. But the Swadeshi movement quickly took a shape that Rabindranath could not condone — one of armed rebellion, bordering on the fringes of terrorism. For the rest of his life, Tagore continued to stress on the necessity of peace and tolerance, and explained how the path to freedom was to be paved on the foundations of these two virtues alone. In 1919, in response to the Jallianwala Bagh massacre in Amritsar, Tagore renounced the knighthood that the Queen's government had bestowed upon him.
In his later years, while still inspiring many to continue the freedom movement in India, Rabindranath turned his attention to much broader themes, choosing to focus on the meaning of humanity and civilisation itself. It is during these times, that the masses in the Occident came in contact with his teachings and thoughts, and Tagore was soon hailed as a progressive and influential world figure.
In 1941, at the height of the war, Tagore wrote a speech on the occasion of his 80th birthday. This speech, titled Crisis in Civilisation, was to be his last message to the world. Satyajit Ray closes his film with a few words from this very speech, and viewing the film even today, well into the 21st century, we realise that the words are as relevant today, as it was all those years ago. Such was the foresight of the great poet.
I had at one time believed that the springs of civilisation would issue out of the heart of Europe. But today when I am about to quit the world, that faith has gone bankrupt altogether. As I look around, I see the crumbling ruins of a proud civilisation strewn like a vast heap of futility. And yet I shall not commit the grievous sin of losing faith in Man. I would rather look forward to the opening of a new chapter in his history after the cataclysm is over and the atmosphere rendered clean with the spirit of service and sacrifice. Perhaps that dawn will come from this horizon, from the East where the sun rises. A day will come when unvanquished Man will retrace his path of conquest, despite all barriers, to win back his lost human heritage.
Owing to his dislike for the English translation of Tagore's poetry, Ray decided not to use such translations in his film at all. He felt that it would create a wrong impression of the great poet's work in the minds of western audiences. Despite this complete absence of Tagore's poetry in his film, Satyajit Ray's film is able to capture the true essence of the poet's teachings and philosophy, and remains, to date, one of the greatest documentaries on the life and work of Rabindranath Tagore.
Bhaskar Chattopadhyay is an author and translator. His translations include 14: Stories That Inspired Satyajit Ray, and his original works include the mystery novels Patang, Penumbra and Here Falls The Shadow.
Published Date: Feb 04, 2018 12:21 PM | Updated Date: Feb 04, 2018 12:21 PM
The U.S. judge who will decide if wireless and pay TV provider AT&T Inc may purchase Time Warner Inc said on Friday that he saw "no big issues" in pre-trial preparations.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. judge who will decide if wireless and pay TV provider AT&T Inc may purchase Time Warner Inc said on Friday that he saw "no big issues" in pre-trial preparations.
The Justice Department has said that the US$85 billion deal is illegal because AT&T, once it owned movie and television show maker Time Warner, would have the ability and incentive to raise prices that it charges cable, satellite and streaming rivals for Time Warner's content.
AT&T disagreed, and the case will go to trial on March 19.
Judge Richard Leon noted during a short pre-trial hearing on Friday that he was pleased to see that "no big issues" had arisen that he needed to resolve.
The judge set a further pre-trial hearing for Feb. 16. He will also meet informally on Feb. 12 with small groups of lawyers from both sides to discuss how the trial will proceed.
The two sides are expected to exchange witness lists, with a maximum of 30 witnesses, and expert reports on Friday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Both sides said they intended to call former Justice Department economists to support their case. AT&T will call Dennis Carlton, from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, while the Justice Department will call Carl Shapiro of the University of California at Berkeley.
U.S. President Donald Trump attacked the deal while on the campaign trail in 2016. Trump has also criticized Time Warner's CNN news network and, in November, reiterated his opposition to the proposed transaction.
AT&T Chief Executive Randall Stephenson told analysts on a conference call this week that he expected the case to be resolved through litigation. "We remain very confident that we'll complete this merger," he said.
(Reporting by Diane Bartz, Editing by Rosalba O'Brien)
Kohima: The BJP leaders of Nagaland have written to party chief Amit Shah, expressing their resentment against the saffron party's pre-poll alliance with the newly-floated Nationalist Democratic People's Party (NDPP) for the 27 February state Assembly election.
The letter was sent to Shah last night, soon after the agreement between the two parties was signed in Delhi. The announcement of the tie-up was made on Saturday.
Signed by Nagaland BJP president Visasolie Lhoungu and general secretary Eduzu Theluo among others, the letter said the alliance had "no roots at the grassroots level".
It added that the 20:40 seat-sharing pact between the BJP and the NDPP, led by former chief minister Neiphiu Rio, for the 60-member Assembly was not justified since it was the NDPP which had approached the saffron party for the alliance.
"The Nagaland BJP has about 45 potential intending candidates seeking party tickets," the letter said, adding that the prospect of the saffron party was gaining momentum in the northeastern state with every passing day.
"We are confident of achieving a resounding success across the state, much better than the NDPP...In this context, it is very likely that if the seat-sharing agreement is taken up officially, it will have a highly negative impact on the current status of the party in Nagaland," it said.
Moreover, the supporters of the intending BJP candidates might withdraw their allegiance if only 20 seats were allotted to the saffron party, the letter said, while expressing confidence that if it fought the polls on its own, there was more scope for the legislators of other parties to join it.
"Taking this into consideration, the Nagaland BJP cannot accept a pre-poll alliance with any party.
"We have, therefore, decided to fight the upcoming Assembly election without any pre-poll alliance and may opt for a post-poll alliance, based on necessity. This decision has been taken after thorough discussions and in consultation with the district units and morchas of the party," the letter said.
Sources in the Nagaland BJP said similar letters would be submitted to the central leadership by the presidents of the 11 district units of the party and its frontal organisations in the northeastern state.
In reaction to the rampant killings and high-profile violence all over Nigeria by herdsmen, the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, has said that for a long time the silence of his people has been taken or misunderstood as foolishness and that this will not be the case anymore.
Giving his voice against the rampant killings and violence throughout the nation, the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Adams, on Tuesday, July 3, said he is ready to do everything to protect the Yoruba people as his office demands.
The statement came just after the pan-Yoruba socio-cultural organisation, Afenifere, in Oyo objected to the proposed move by federal government to create a cattle ranch in the state, Vanguard reports.
READ ALSO:No cause for alarm, insurgency is largely over in northeast - Shettima
In a statement the group, by its chairman and acting publicity secretary in the tate, Gbola Adetunji Adam and Jare Ajayi respectively, said that since cattle ranching belongs in the realm of private business, “why then should enormous public fund be devoted to establishing and promoting something that will be beneficial to some private individuals and endanger the lives of thousands if not a million others?”
The statement reads in part: “This is the time to call a spade a spade. Those clamouring for creation of grazing zones across the country should have a rethink. We in Afenifere Oyo stand by this position as experiences where cattle rearers have been given free rein in Nigeria have not been pleasant.”
Adams said that it is unfair for the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government to use public funds to create cattle ranches.
He called for a southwest security summit to discuss herdsmen killings in the zone. He said that events of the last few months have indicated that Nigeria is in a critical situation.
Aare Ona Kakanfo said: “The insecurity in the land is reaching an alarming peak. Pitiably, the clear and present danger today is that the government seems helpless to curtail the situation. In some sections of the country, it is no longer ‘breaking news' that marauders kill farmers at will.
“Because these killings are giving patriotic Nigerians the creeps, patriots are shouting themselves hoarse, telling the government to do something urgently to check the trend. While members of the comity of nations are alarmed about happenings in our country, it appears as if they are crying more than the bereaved.
“Although the government has promised to check the rampaging lunatics, Nigerians are still not convinced of a decisive clampdown on these killers. Thousands of lives have been lost to these killers, but it is strange that not even a single arrest or prosecution has been affected.
“When I was installed as the 15th Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland by His Imperial Majesty, Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III, on January 13, 2018, I vowed that I would do everything to project the image and protect the name of Yorubaland.
“Sadly, my zeal to protect Yorubaland and the will of millions of Yoruba to defend their fatherland is being tested with the invasion of some parts of our land by these killers.
“I find it difficult to comprehend this open insult that some killers, whose kinsmen live in our villages, towns, and cities, will invade Yorubaland at will, kidnap, assault and, in some bizarre situations, kill some of our sons and daughters.
“The borders of Ekiti, Ondo, Oyo and Kogi states are becoming too hot for indigenes as many people have been kidnapped, leading to soldiers going after these killers deep inside the forest.
“I ask, if we allow killings of innocent farmers and destruction of farmlands in any part of Yorubaland to continue, where is our determination to defend the Yoruba society, values and territory? Obviously, our silence is being misconstrued for foolishness.
“We cannot continue to expose the flanks of Yoruba societies and communities to incursions and attacks because we have enough hunters, traditionalists, farmers and ancestral security outfits to commence the maximum protection of all parts of Yorubaland.
PAY ATTENTION: Get the Latest Nigerian News Anywhere 24/7. Spend less on the Internet!
“Therefore, I urge the government to urgently liaise with Executives in Yorubaland to convene a South-West security summit to be held in one of the state capitals. The meeting will involve, among others, traditional rulers, religious and opinion leaders, farmers, businessmen, herders and security agents in the region.”
Meanwhile, NAIJ.com reported that dozens of locals were feared dead after suspected herdsmen attacked Umenger community in Guma local government area of Benue state.
NAIJ.com gathered that the attackers butchered several persons, including children and some village elders on Thursday, March 22. Among those killed in the latest attack, were one James Apav and Ataki Mageri.
Osinbajo Oighlights Reasons for Incessant Herdsmen Troubles, Proffers Solution | NAIJ.com TV
[embedded content]
Subscribe to watch new videos
Source: Naija.ng
0 White House downplays Gowdy assessment of no FBI misconduct in Russia probe
As President Donald Trump publicly lashed out again at his own Attorney General on Wednesday over the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election, a key Republican in Congress said for a second day that a top secret briefing provided to a handful of lawmakers last week showed no evidence of FBI misconduct, as agents were simply trying to figure out what Russia was doing with respect to the Trump Campaign and the 2016 elections.
“I think if the FBI were at the table this morning, they would tell you that Russia was the target, and Russia's intentions toward the country were the target,” Gowdy said on CBS “This Morning.”
As he did in an interview with Fox News on Tuesday night, Gowdy said the FBI made the right response when evidence surfaced of Russian activity, which led to a broader investigation of interference by Moscow in the 2016 elections.
Asked directly if a “spy” had been inserted into the Trump Campaign – as the President has repeatedly charged – Gowdy said there was no evidence to back up that claim.
“And with that, a Republican Congressman brings an end to @realDonaldTrumps false conspiracy theory,” tweeted Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer.
At the White House, officials downplayed Gowdy's remarks, which went directly against the claims of the President, who as recently as Tuesday night had said the FBI had been ‘infiltrating' his campaign.
“Clearly, there's still cause for concern that needs to be looked at,” said White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
On Capitol Hill, only one GOP lawmaker publicly expressed doubts about Gowdy's FBI review.
And with that, a Republican Congressman brings an end to @realDonaldTrumps false conspiracy theory. https://t.co/2WaTpOTciQ — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) May 30, 2018
“So the DOJ briefs members of Congress, on allegations against the DOJ, concluding that the DOJ did nothing wrong. Anyone sees a problem here?” said Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC), the head of the House Freedom Caucus.
As for the President, he did not on Wednesday continue his recent string of tweets that accused the FBI of ‘spying' on his campaign – instead, Mr. Trump blasted Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation.
“Senator Sessions, why didnt you tell me before I picked you,” Mr. Trump said on Twitter, again saying he now wishes he had chosen someone else for the job, who would have been more involved in the Russia matter.
But just like his previous outbursts against Sessions, there was no indication that Mr. Trump would force the former Senator from Alabama to resign, or fire him.
Meanwhile, the President's attorney, Rudy Giuliani pressed Special Counsel Robert Mueller to finish a report on the investigation by mid-September, arguing to do otherwise would be a clear effort to impact the 2018 mid-term elections.
“If he doesn't file his report by September first, mid-September, he's clearly doing a Comey,” Giuliani told reporters at the White House, referring to former FBI Director James Comey.
Giuliani also said he doesn't think the President will fire Attorney General Sessions, despite Mr. Trump's continued public irritation with the Sessions Russia recusal.
Rested UMass swimming and diving team rolls into Ohio for A-10 Championships
Posted by Liam Flaherty on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment
On Wednesday in Geneva, Ohio, the Massachusetts swimming and diving teams will begin competition in the 2017 Atlantic-10 Conference Championships.
At the SPIRE Institute, the UMass teams look to take the four-day meet by storm and return to Amherst with the two best performances that any teams in the conference could offer.
The Minutemen head into the competition coming off a loss to Fordham and nearly three weeks of practice in preparation for the final meet.
After an unnaturally long break between meets, a 10-hour bus ride to Geneva and plenty of time to think about the championships, UMass is rested and finally ready to compete.
“It's been a really good stretch of getting rest in,” Minutemen coach Russ Yarworth said. “Kids are feeling more comfortable in the water and I think we've progressed really well.”
Starting with the preliminary rounds at 1 p.m., one of the most notable UMass swimmers in the pool to watch will be Kellen Gray.
The sophomore swimmer from Kensington, New Hampshire is in his second season with the team and Gray is no stranger to the pressures of the conference championship meet.
At last year's championships, he placed fourth in the 100-yard backstroke and fifth in the 200-yard event. For his breakout performance, Gray was named the Rookie of the Meet.
On the diving boards, the Minutemen have been led all season by Trent Kindvall, who placed top three in at least one event at each meet he's competed in this season.
The junior from Colorado has placed first in the three-meter event in both years that he attended the A-10 Championships.
Coming off two championship victories in the past two years, the Minutemen and Kindvall specifically, look to make it a three-peat this weekend with another top performance.
But, as a 16-time champion head coach, Yarworth knows that it will take much more than just showing up for the team to reach its goals.
“We have to perform from top to bottom. Every kid has to hit and contribute,” Yarworth said. “There's so much parity in the league this year, every team is really powerful and has good swimmers and divers, it's going to take a total team performance.”
Minutewomen look to improve
In their final dual meet of the season, the Minutewomen fell to the Fordham Rams by a score of 190-110.
But with almost three weeks in the rearview since, that same UMass team has moved on and set its sights on the season's ultimate goal of being named A-10 Champions.
With the team arriving in Ohio on Monday and the trials beginning on Wednesday, Minutewomen coach Bob Newcomb and his team feel rested and confident to begin competition.
“It's been a really positive vibe,” Newcomb said. “[The team] really seems ready to go.”
In the pool, sophomores Ansley Baker and Maddie Biron will have the opportunity to shine for UMass.
Baker, a Massachusetts native, placed fifth at last year's championships in the 100-yard breaststroke event with a time of 1:03.36.
Her name has been in the leaderboards for the event multiple times throughout the season and this weekend she'll have a shot at bettering last year's fifth-place finish.
Biron had a strong showing at last year's championships as well, swimming her season-fastest times in the 100-yard backstroke, 100-yard freestyle and 50-yard freestyle.
With the type of improvement she showed at last year's events, the sophomore is poised to have a big weekend for the Minutewomen this year in the pool.
“Maddie has really come into her own over the course of the year and developed nicely,” Newcomb said. “She's in the spotlight now to really step up and be one of the leaders of the program.”
On the boards, UMass divers have executed exceptionally well all season and look to continue their success in the championship events.
The team is comprised of a diver from each academic class, coached by Mandy Hixon, and could play a major impact in the scoring to help the Minutewomen come away on top Saturday when competition concludes.
Freshman Maja Boric's first season with the team has been an exceptional one.
The Croatian diver has placed first in the one and three-meter dive events multiple times throughout the course of the season.
On the boards this weekend, Boric, along with her fellow divers, hope to bring the success they have found all year to the A-10 Championships.
“[Boric's] come in and become a key part of an incredible group of divers. I think all four of them are going to have great weekends. They're a great group together,” Newcomb said.
In recent years, the Minutewomen have found success at the A-10s, placing second and fourth. But ultimately, they haven't been able to reach their highest goal of coming in first since 2001.
This year, the team hopes to write a different script than what's been told in the past. Although they feel confident and rested, Newcomb knows that whatever's happened to the team prior to the current finals doesn't really matter at all.
“Nothing on paper means anything at this point, right now it's all about getting in and getting it done.”
If the Minutewomen want to walk away from the biggest meet of the season with an A-10 title, “It has been a complete team effort,” Newcomb said. “We have good balance, good leadership and a good attitude, which is what it's going to take.”
Liam Flaherty can be reached at lpflaherty@umass.edu.
By Chibuzo Ukaibe, Abuja
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) yesterday disclosed that it has received and acknowledged a petition seeking the recall of Hon Abubakar Galadima Kuki, a member representing Bebeji constituency in the Kano State House of Assembly, from his constituents.
The commission, in a statement signed by chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee (IVEC), Prince Adedeji S. Soyebi, said it has written to the lawmaker over the recall moves by his constituents.
The commission further added that “a timetable and schedule of activities pursuant to the petition will be issued shortly.”
The statement reads in part, “The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday the 11th of August, 2017 received a petition for the recall of Hon Abubakar Galadima Kuki, a member representing Bebeji constituency in the Kano State House of Assembly, from his constituents.
“In accordance with the INEC Guidelines for Recall, the Commission has formally acknowledged the receipt of the petition to the Petitioners' representatives and has written to inform Hon Kuki of the presentation of the petition.”
Recall that Senator Dino Melaye, representing the Kogi West Senatorial District, had secured a court order to stop moves over a petition to recall him.
Like this: Like Loading...
